How much can you make on YouTube?
 There are three factors that determine your CPM or revenue on Youtube: *CPM: cost per 1 thousand views. 1- How Much Views you are getting, and to be more accurate, how many times ads are shown on your videos and how many times are clicked. 2- The second thing, is your Target Audience, the CPM in Top English Countries is almost 10x of that of other countries. as an example, I have two channels: one has CPM around 22$, and the other one about 1–5$. 3- Ads and Targeted Keywords: Not all ads have the same price. as an example, Ads related to Digital Marketing and Online Business has a Higher CPM than ot 

 The short answer is: The sky is the limit! This is a story from my personal experience about poor quality videos that made me $4300+ in 5 months. A few years ago I found out about a method that was about making presentation videos on YouTube. The main pillars of this method were quantity &amp; Amazon Affiliates. The method is simple as it can be.1) Make a YouTube channel. 2) Make an Amazon Affiliate account.3) Search for any products that cost more than $100. You can find plenty of them at Your Daily Niche website. Make a list of them in excel with a product name and link. 4) When the list is rea 

In 2018 ,Evan Fong earned $ 12 million dollars from Youtube, Markiplier earned $ 16 million dollars and PewDiePie is the one who earned the highest revenue from Youtube with $ 20 million dollars in 2018. Looking at these numbers you can see that Youtube is a big video platform that helps people make money. However, to reach that grade of income is not an easy thing.  YouTube payment not based on the monthly period as companies pay their employees. How much can you earn a month? $ 1, $ 100 or $ 10,000? It all depends on your efforts. Actually, Youtube will pay about $ 2 to $ 4 for 1000 monetized v 

Most people think if you want to make decent money on YouTube, you need a ton of subscribers. While having a ton of subscribers is obviously helpful, there are several ways that you can make thousands of dollars every single month with very few subscribers. So I'm going to walk you through the five different ways that you can make money with a small YouTube channel.  It's great to have a bunch of subscribers on YouTube but, in reality, subscribers are just a vanity metric. They don't really matter in the grand scheme of things. What really matters is the amount of views that your videos are gettin 

In simple terms I'll do my best to explain how much youtubers are paid and how much a youtuber would make roughly in a month(this is only from Ads). It's basically like having adverts on your site or a site, the only difference is that the adverts are videos and not just text, pictures or gifs (repeating short video). Let's dive in, Now: *Youtube pays you only when your videos have been approved and monetized. then, *two measurements or parameters are used to determine your pay by YouTube they are; The number of advert views, (i.e. hits or views your monetized video gets)The pay for the number of ad 

Luxurious apartments, expensive clothes, exotic travels, and gifts from world-famous brands – this is what characterizes the lifestyle of YouTubers. That got us thinking: how much do they earn and is that well-deserved money? Most people would have to work intensively to get at least some part of that extravaganza, but there we have YouTubers whose video content has gained them the status and the earnings of a star. What makes the question of YouTube income so indefinite is its variability. Different factors influence the influencer's earnings. The lack of information and certainty makes many p 

It's the new American Dream: Quitting your job to become famous on YouTube. Dozens, possibly hundreds of people, have built up huge audiences on Google's video upload site, and the media is full of stories of their success. But before you buy a videocamera and tell your boss to shove it, consider what it costs to become a YouTube star. Turns out you can be one of the most famous people on the web and still barely get by. It's a great story if you want some hard numbers on the costs and revenues of being internet famous: Kay has earned $100,000 to $300,000 in each of the last three years. She has

Alright, let's understand a concept that will help you clear your myths about making money on YouTube and in understanding it's true potential - "How much money you make on YouTube through advertisements is NOT-EQUAL to the money can actually make through it" If only we understand this, we will able to realize the true potential that it has . Advertisement revenue is just one way of making money on YouTube. You can think of several other ways of making money through it, of course some might be worse than ads , some equal and some other far better . Advertisement revenue is just one way ! In fact 

It honestly depends on the topic you want to make videos about. At this moment there are several regions of Youtube that you can undertake and feature sponsors and high-paying ads. If you start off making Youtube videos with reactions and not too specific of a topic, you can expect that you’ll be making way less than a channel that is fixed on one. But the specifics also have variations in how much you will be paid. For example, all of the YouTubers that are doing make-up tutorials are able to be sponsored by large brands, that will send them their products for review and some face-time. These  

The average YouTuber? 22 $ a month.  YouTube pays the great majority of its creators with hope instead of cash. You can only apply for a “seat” in the partnership program (“YPP”) if you have at least 1,000 subscribers and 4,000 hours of watch time within the last 12 months. If your content is not totally non “controversial”, then your application won’t be granted. In 2019, 31 million channels had more than 10 subscribers (you aren’t a YouTuber with less than that), and 25 million of those did NOT have enough subscribers (1,000) to be eligible for the partner program. How Many YouTube Channels Are T 

Can a person with no skills earn online?
Yes, First of all be ready to put in the hard work. “Money doesn't come easy”. By legal means atleast. So as I can see youare interested in earning money online which means you have an active internet connection. First of all what you have to do is read as much as you can about “Digital Marketing”. This will help you to understand about all the ways by which you can earn money online. In digital marketing you actually do not need any skill, you just need to experiment. For example - I'm a blogger, I earn money through Google Adsense which pays by CPC(Cost per click) and some affiliate networks which p 

 Test websites and apps --- Sites such as UserTesting: The Human Insight Platform will pay you for your thoughts on how well — or not so well — certain websites and apps worked. You’ll have to pass a short test to be accepted, then you’ll be paid $10 for each 20-minute test, which involves a recording and answering four follow-up written questions. Or you could earn up to $120 to participate in a video conversation with a customer after your test. Pick up tasks on Amazon’s Mechanical Turk --- Even in the age of automation, some jobs still require a human touch. Companies often outsource those jo 

I’ve listed few ways to make money online and also if you are interested I can show you a method I found that has free training to make $400 to $1000 daily. Just email me at willimshope1@gmail. com Other ways you can make money are; Sell other people's products with dropshipping This type of sale means that you as an e-trader market goods that are actually stocked and sold directly by manufacturers and wholesalers. Example: You run an online store, a customer makes a purchase on your part, you forward the order to your dropshipper (wholesaler), the dropshipper sends the item to the customer, you g 

EARNING MONEY ONLINE WITHOUT A SKILL IS VERY HARD IF YOU WANT STUPID WAYS TO EARN (may or may not work but just try and don't get scammed there serious people who are hunting people like you who are lazy to learn a skill that can pay long term like video editing, copywriting, SEO, these skills takes less than a week to get the foundamentals)TRY THESE MAY HELP YOU BUT THEY AREN’T GOING TO REPLACE OR OFFER CONSISTENT INCOME THAT PAT BILLS 1. BookScouter Here’s one perfect for students or avid readers! Bookscouter is a website that allows you to sell your used books and textbooks to the highest payi 

It isn’t easy to make good money with no skills. Because skills are so broad. That includes anything from business schools (marketing, sales, strategy) to money-management skills (budgeting and investing) through to 1,001 other things including technical skills like engineering. In reality, most people have skills. Some are highly-skilled. Some low-skilled. Some in the middle. However, I will make one point. A middle-skilled person, can beat a highly skilled person in some situations. The reason is simple; the market doesn’t give a damn about fairness. Look at it like this. A doctor is one of the m 

I will show you some methods that I use to make money online with little skills required… You must remember that this is not a “Get Rich Quick” scheme and that you must put time and effort into using these methods so that you can see rewards and end up achieving your goal. I will briefly explain the method and then provide a link to a short Youtube video I created that explains the method in detail if you choose to use that specific method… Method A: Earn $11 EVERY 10 minutes by playing games on your mobile phone (Approximate earnings $11 every 10 minutes by simply playing mobile games)  

Learn or BUY the skills. You need at least a skill to make money anywhere not just online. However, this all depends on your attitude towards life in general: Take this conversation for example: Bob: “I don’t feel like waking up today” Paul: “You must. Otherwise you’ll be late for work” Bob: “Ooooh! The hell with work. I wish one didn’t have to go to work” Paul: “Then what will you do, because you have to at least wake up, go to the bathroom, brush your teeth and have your breakfast” Bob: “I’ll have the breakfast first” Paul: “No, you wont! Until you go to the bathroom first” Bob: “Aaaah! You and your f 

Truly, Most importantly be prepared to place in the difficult work. "Cash doesn't comesimple". By legitimate methods atleast. So as should be obvious youare keen on bringing in cash online which implies you have a functioning web association. Most importantly what you need to do is perused as much as possible about "Computerized Marketing". This will assist you with comprehension pretty much all the ways by which you can bring in cash on the web. In computerized promoting you really needn't bother with any ability, you simply need to test. For instance - I'm a blogger, I bring in cash through Google A 

First, you will want to identify an area where you can add value. Next, you’ll want to find people who need the value that you are able to offer. These people are called your target audience. If you don’t have a specific skill set, you can always sell something to your target audience. But first, you have to know who they are, what they need, and who your competition is. Then, you need to understand how your solution is going to be better. For example, about five years ago I discovered a small underserved niche in a large industry. Then, I found a provider of a service the target audience needed 

There are a lot of ways to earn money without any skills or knowledge. Some of them are… Social Media: You can earn money with your social media account. If you have a facebook, instagram, snapchat or reddit account, you can earn money with those account. Just join amazon as an affiliate and tell your friends to shop something with your link.Internet Surveys: Surveys are everywhere on the web and filling them out is an easy way to make extra money. It is easy to register with the different sites that are dedicated to this and answer the questions (it is even fun and you earn money at the same t

What is the best way for a young person to make money online?
Listed below are top of the line 20+ Ways to make money whenever you need. Making money from the comfort of your home as a teenager! Are you looking for legit and proven ways for teenagers to make money online? Teens and college students are not only full of energy but are also widely creative and more willing to take risks making them the perfect candidates for finding new and exciting ways to make money online. When working online their age is a non-issue and all they are judged by is the quality, creativity and relevance of their work. The good news for us today is there is a wide range of ways 

I love when people ask this question, It makes think of how i grew through my challenges and not going through it, The truth of the matter is that you need to be dedicated and hard working there at a lot I mean a lot of ways one can make money online at home without wearing a suit and tie , waking up early to go to work, eewww no I am talking about work from home businesses. Like me I was a slave to my job and at one point I realized I wasn't using my abilities to its fullness I quite my job . The next day , I came on google asking the same question HOW CAN I MAKE MONEY ONLINE? and from then I 

Forex trading is the best way online to make money as a beginner. Very fast and secure all you have to is to find an expert account trader who will help you trade for you while you sit at home watching your investment growing everyday, For an individual with no experience, starting trade get really tricky, if you don't have good signal and can't read them properly, you can run at loss instead making profit That's why am here, I help individual trade for a 100% profit guarantee for 10% charges 340 views · View upvotes · Answer requested by Devidson Louis27Jackson Bigge, Assistant Coach at Veltri Tennis Center (2019-present)Answered 8 months agoOriginally Answered: How do I make money online as a newbie?

If you are newbie like myself, I would not focus on monetary aspects of digital work. Instead, it is crucial that you begin learning the skills required to make money online. I would start researching how you can start making money through these methods: Social Media MarketingAffiliate MarketingSearch Engine OptimizationWebsite BuildingThese places are a good start, but theres other areas unrelated such as becoming an influencer and receiving money via endorsements. Hope this helps. 80 viewsRelated QuestionsMore Answers BelowWhat is the best way to earn money online? What are the easiest things one can do to earn money at a very young age? What are some ways to legally and safely make money online while you're young? What is the best way to make money? Which site is the best to earn money online? Micheal Contini, Persuasion &amp; Negotiation Expert (1989-present)Answered 1 year ago · Author has 428 answers and 5.6M answer viewsOriginally Answered: How can I make money online as a kid?

Learn ONE valuable, in-demand skill. Web DesignPaid Traffic (FB, Insta ads)CopywritingVideographyStart selling that skill via LinkedIn, cold email, Insta/Twitter/FB DMs. The key to getting hired is making a risk-free/”too good to be true” offer to potential clients. “I’ll send you 5 new customers per week with Insta ads. And if I don’t do that, I’ll pay you $100!” Scale that ONE skill and OFFER up as high as you want. 898 views · View upvotes12Sponsored by Capital Com SV Investments LimitedLooking for a trading platform recognised by investors?AI-powered analysis of trading performance. No transaction fees and secure deposits. Join Capital.com!Sign UpKai Giok-Kie, Self-taught Entrepreneur, Marketer and Motivational SpeakerAnswered 2 years agoOriginally Answered: What are some of the best ways to make money as a child online?

You really see a child blogging, setting up and maintaining a blog and monetizing it with adsense and other monetization methods??? I’m assuming you play games. Setup a YT channel and Twitch and start streaming while you are playing and grow your audience. Just check a couple big gaming streams and see how they interact and learn from it. Don’t focus blindly on the money in the beginning because there is no method or trick that will earn you money fast. Takes time and building followers, traffic an audience whenever. That is the first goal, when you reach that goal you can come ask how to monetize  

As a young person, I would highly recommend starting a blog online. It is a slow build that has the potential to earn thousands per month in the long term. It is an excellent business to start while young and will teach you loads of valuable skills for online business and marketing. It is also very low cost and low risk. The worst thing that can happen is that your writing skills get a bit better! :) You can get my short book on how to launch a blog in hours on my website: Home | Achieve in BusinessAchieve in Business is a blog about making money online. Learn how to earn passive income with our in-depth guides on starting an online business and general entrepreneurial content. Download our FREE book...http://www.achieveinbusiness.com Good luck! 18 views · Answer requested by Devidson LouisCameron Zoub, High School Drop Out. Currently working on Varfaj.Answered 1 year ago · Author has 56 answers and 21K answer viewsOriginally Answered: What are some ways a child can earn money online?

There a couple of easy ways. I personally think getting products off Amazon for free in return for leaving reviews is the easiest way. You will learn about marketing online, selling on eBay, and many other things. Also the best part… It costs absolutely nothing to start. You can learn more here: 29 Amazon Review Sites That Will Get You Free Products Feel free to reach out with any additional questions - Cameron@varfaj.com 70 views · View upvotes1Praful Kumar, Copywriter/Ghostwriter (2020-present)Answered March 14, 2021 · Author has 1.6K answers and 318.6K answer viewsOriginally Answered: What is the best way I can start making money online as a beginner?

Learn a Skill and work as a freelancer. You can also start a blog, a youtube channel or a podcast to create content that has the potential to engage audience. You can also use affiliate marketing to earn more money. But learning skills would be a great option to begin with. Some of the Skills that I recommend are as follows:— CodingCopywritingSalesPhotographyGraphic DesigningDigital MarketingDon't learn all the skills at once. Become an expert in only one of them. Later you can learn more of them if you want to.  Hope this helps and all the best for your future. 56 views · View upvotes · Answer requested by Devidson Louis1Rimsha Momin, Managing Director  at Rimmon Services Pvt Ltd (2020-present)Answered 8 months agoOriginally Answered: How do I make money online as a newbie?

Heyy the easiest way you can make money online is to make designs for teeshirts and submit those designs to the respective companies..they will sell the tshirt with your design printed on them and you will get a certain percentage of the products sold…the best thing about this is that you do not need to be a pro designer, you can just make memes, abstract images or any animal print or anything for that matter . . .look for redbubble website they offer such kind of services… 51 viewsPaul Gilsdorf, Masters Finance &amp; Extension Studies, Harvard University (2020)Answered 2 years ago · Author has 259 answers and 379.8K answer viewsOriginally Answered: What are some ways to make money online easily for teenagers?

How can I earn 50-100k per month working 12 hours everyday from home?
Dont trade time for money. Use leverage…think about it like this. Build a website that have little competition, rank it #1…then build website 2 and rank it #1…over time these become money generating assets if done correctly. You MUST find an unsaturated market to make money online? What if I told you 200+ Million Americans need a service. What if I told you, the online competition is so weak you'd be shocked why the SEO experts have not got involved. Shopify, Amazon, etc are all overly saturated. Find an untapped market with some knowledge on E-commerce is gold. First let me begin with saying i 

I’m going to be very honest with you, 50–100k per month is a lot of money ( I’m assuming you’re taking dollars here ). Although you could be talking about some other currency which makes it a very achievable goal for you in the near future. Nevertheless, it is doable. Neil Patel is probably earning this much every month or more. The thing is though he’s been working online for years and if you want to reach his level you need to put it an equal amount of work and time as well. If you’re willing to spend 12 hours a day on this, you could try blogging as a means to make you your 50–100k. Why bloggin 

In fact, 50k-100k is not a big amount of money, but if you don’t how to get it, it will be really difficult to you. Nowadays, the business market emerges so many works, choosing a relevant work for yourself is not difficult- not easy. I am here, I am not an expert to tell the theories. I am your friend and want to tell my experiences about doing business from small steps. My business work started to a normal work, even you can consider bored. However, I respect it, it is like background for the next works.  IT IS DOING VIDEO MAKE MONEY WITH YOUTUBE You can spend 12 hours/day to do work from home,  

Make Money Online by working from Home - See how - Get Paid Online by Working for Yourself – Know How You Can Do It It sounds strange to earn money by working for ourselves right? It is in our hands to earn online with a laidback process. Internet is enough and there are many ways to follow for earning money in this virtual world. But how to do this by working for ourselves instead of others? Is this really possible? If so, how? Why someone will pay for serving own? Wait a moment, don’t let your mind stuck up with all these questions. Solution is clear here for all these queries.  Earning through 

First of all, i am sorry that i will not be providing you with the method you seek to earn that money. I, however, would just like to warn you not to trust ANY of the numbers you see on Youtube tutorials( which i came to assume are the source of the numbers you set, i could be wrong) I tried one of the models available for making a passive income, which is E-book publishing. And though i do know and believe that the endeavor can be financially rewarding, more often than not you will find that your payout is waaaaay below what the “Gurus” advertise it to be. In no way do i wish to discourage you.  

Some day, I’ll make $50,000 in my sleep. Down the road, I’ll have $100,000 in my bank account. In the future, I’ll build a $500,000 business. If you have ever caught yourself dreaming up a way to earn a lump sum of money or become a bonafide entrepreneur, we have good news: you can make your goals a reality through online business. Many are turning to online ventures to make the money they’re looking for. Some are hoping for a way out of the nine-to-five lifestyle, some want financial freedom, and still others want the money to help them reach a personal goal, like being able to spend more time 

Find ways to provide value to people. Find sources of value that are in high demand. Provide this value to people for an amount of resources less than they would have to expend obtaining that value on their own. That is, essentially, the basic concept of obtaining resources. You can ‘blog’ to provide valuable information that would take others many hours to research on their own; you can provide products that you buy in bulk to save on price which you can then offer to people for less money; you could devise some system that allows people to spend less time doing a task and have more personal tim 

I love this kind of questions “teach me how to become millionaire with the minimum effort and investment” and then a bunch of “experts” come and tell you that blogging or making YouTube videos will do it! Curiously, any of these people are making 100K or even 50K a month. I have a friend, he makes 90K + a month. I know him, seen his checks. He never seats on a computer, all he do is travel and talk. I am not going to say what his business is. he is his own boss, however he works 5–6 days a week all day. Would you rather sit 12 hours a day in a pc hurting your back, eyes etc or travel meet people a 

As everyone is telling you its very hard to earn .I can tell you the simplest way. Because I am also in the same way. The easiest way is to write about something “Like to become a content writer”. As currently content writing can offer you income of $10-$12 per 100 words. So if you complete 1 article say of 500 words that makes $60 for you per day or in 2 days .That can take you to the level of 50k income per month. You can cold email the companies for content writing ,as there are so many freelancing works available on websites also. 1.9K views · View upvotes81Muhamad Ridwan Harrist, works at Foreign Exchange MarketAnswered 3 years ago · Author has 99 answers and 82.6K answer views

try to be reasonable! and don’t expect to much :) because for some reason you’ll go nowhere! learn about SEO, this is very basic for online biz! secondly try SEM, adwords, Microsoft PPC and etc, most SME do this! because they can’t wait for SEO result! last but not least! try Social MEdia, because their traffic are so big! if you know about how to drive social media traffic, it can be your advantages, as long you know how to deal with them! but I must said, dealing with social media traffic are not easy! because most of them are not ready to buy! but for PPC traffic and SEO, often times, they r 

If someone is making money is someone losing money?
How do you make money by collapsing a currency?
I want to quit my job and work for myself. What is the quickest way to make a living online?
 I admire your determination to quit your job and work for yourself. That could turn out to be one of the most important decision you’ll ever make in your life. But just a word of caution: making money online is just like any other business. You need time to grow your online business. There are no short cuts. There are no magic pills. If anybody tells you that you can become a millionaire by next week, RUN from this person. As far as you can. Okay, got that out of the way. Let’s get into it. I would advice you to hang on to your job first, and then start your online hustle. You’ve got bills to pay. You wou 

There are loads of models of making money online. For example, social media marketing agency. the model itself is okay, but you need consistently make calls to companies and convince them that you are the best who on running ads. You need to call hundreds and thousands of companies before you get your first client. On the other hand, we have Amazon FBA. It good but only if have money to create your own product and you need to spend a ton of And no one guarantees the demand for the product in the market. So it take a lot of time to get a decent amount of sales. And of course you need to pay Amazo 

First things first. Don’t quit your job. Firstly, start a side hustle. Make money from it. Side hustles can include; An online businessDrop shipping businessFlipping websitesMaking money from bloggingAnd the list goes onI’m currently making a living from my blog. I quit my full-time job in 2018.  I was making thousands of dollars from my blog Bloggers Passion even before I decided to quit my blog. Do you know why I quit my job although it was paying me hefty income? Working on a job doesn’t allow you to work on your goals. You’ll rarely get time to work on your own dreams. But here’s the thing. If you  

I really appreciate your determination to quit your day job and make a living online. I think quitting day job is one of the most important and toughest decisions anyone ever made in their life. So, Do I recommend you to quit your day job today? My answer will be a BIG NO. Researchers found that those who kept their day job while starting a company were 33% less likely to fail than the ones who went all in. Earning money online is just like starting any other business. And every business takes time to grow. If anybody is telling you that you ‘ll become rich overnight from online business. Then he must 

 How To Start A Profitable Online Business PROVEN STEPS THAT WORKS What is the quickest way to make a living online? This question is asked by almost 99% of those who want to quit their jobs and work for themselves. In as much as its tricky, it could turn out to be one of the most important decisions you’ll ever make in your life. making money online or starting your own business or working from home is just like starting any kind of business You need time to grow your online business. No shut cuts and no “get rich overnight” possibilities. Those who usually say you can become a billionaire overnight  

One of the quickest ways is to use affiliate marketing and a ready made sales funnel with a range of products. Ideally choose a funnel which contains: High ticket digital affiliate products - which pays out 40%+ commissionsSubscription products - such as membershipsOffers multiple earning strategies (Up-sells, multi-tier sales etc)Has a built in sales team closing sales on your behalf.Once all set up you have a digital product line. From there you need to learn online marketing strategies which send targeted visitors into your sales funnel. If you join a company which also offers training, you ca 

The honest truth we all want to quit our jobs, and is possible to do. But the reality to start an online business is that it takes time. You need to learn new skills on how to set it up correctly. Also have learn the frameworks to set up either a blog, a youtube channel or any social media outlet you want to use to promote products and services. I will not quit my full time job until you have are consistently making money every month to pay your bills. Understand that there is NO SHORT CUTS, there is not a get rich quick scheme. Anyone telling you are going to scam you, if i was you i will check Ru 

My sage advice here- do not quit your day job just yet. Indeed, you can start earning online. But till the time you build a few solid passive income streams from these online make-money platforms, do not simply quit your full-time job. Now, coming to the “what” and “how” part. There are plenty of extra income channels spread out all over the web wherein you need to pick the best options according to your- Interest areasLevel of experienceSkills (primary and secondary)Comfort levelInvestable timePlease note that at least in the initial stage, you need to invest some 2-3 extra hours per day in orde 

 You can start earning money today if you want to. I'm about to about to show you how! From Zero to Domination Is A Step-By-Step Guide On How To Start With ABSOLUTELY NOTHING and Build A Life Changing Online Empire That Will Allow You The Freedom You Deserve! I have come up with a game plan anyone can use to go from starting with literally no money to making a full time living online. From Zero To Domination is the method I followed that allowed me to quit my boring job and achieve financial freedom from the comfort of my own home! From Zero To Domination contains a tremendous amount of valuable i 

There are different quick ways to make a living online with my mind. However, if you are unable to create custom sites or perform any other kind of freelance on the Internet, I can offer you to try some educational portals that in our crisis have begun to offer their projects and courses free of charge. For example, you can take free automation courses at this academy in just a few hours. Why automation? Automation now has a significant impact on business processes and profits. The academy also offers you to join this industry and apply for the airSlate Partner Program. I like to share it becau 

How does Spotify make money?
They don’t make money. Not even close. Today, we live in an era of streaming. Many of us, including me, have subscriptions for unlimited streaming of both music and movies, the most popular respectively being Spotify and Netflix. Before streaming, entertainment reality was quite different. You had to pay per LP, per CD, per download. Compared to today, music was expensive, but we can’t live without it and so the industry thrived. But then something changed. This graph shows the evolution of music industry revenue over the last decades, up until the year 2013.  What happened? Piracy. People turned to ap 

Currently and for the foreseeable future, no. Their goal is growth and not profitability. Swedish financial newspaper Dagens Industri (DI) interviewed Spotify CEO Daniel Ek in March 2012:  According to DI's informant Spotify increased its sales by nearly 160 percent to 1.690 million in 2011, while the loss after tax grew from 253 million to 402 million. Daniel Ek doesn't deny DI's data. "Those numbers sound reasonable," he said after some hesitation, and then revealed that sales in 2012 will increase significantly. "It is not unlikely that we already this year a turnover of more than six billion," 

Spotify makes money from two sources: a free tier supported by advertising and a paid subscription premium tier. Free tiers: Spotify has two tiers which are free to use: one for desktop and tablet computers and one for mobile. The desktop and tablet free tier allows users to play any song in our catalog on-demand but users must view and listen to advertisements that interrupt their listening. Users on our mobile (smartphone) free tier can only play music in “Shuffle mode”. They can not play songs on-demand or offline and face a number of other restrictions including limited song skips as well as b 

Apparently they don’t if recent things I read are accurate. But basically their business model is to get something they think people want (music) and pepper it with something people don’t (but will tolerate to some extent (adverts) and make money from: Serving those adverts.Charging people no to hear the adverts.Essentially not paying for the music they use[1].It is for them a triple-win. Only it seems right now that despite the apparent popularity of Streaming Services, they are not making money. This is fair as they are doing far more damage than good with their overall business model which is de 

If you're question concerns making a profit, no they don't. However, in a rapidly growing company like Spotify making money isn't the objective. Look at Amazon! It took them over 15 years to make a profit, and a small one. No one claims that Amazon is a loosing company.  When speaking about profit, one should look at the underlying profitability of the company, i.e if Spotify stops to invest so much in growth and geographic expansion, are they profitable. Without knowing for sure, I'd say YES, they are profitable. You don't grow a company that large without making money and getting VC money to  

No. The problem with them is they have always given away too much of the service in the free version. They aren’t profitable and they aren’t paying fair royalties to artists. Theoretically if they keep adding subscribers they could eventually be profitable, but keep in mind artists and record companies are competing for that money too. Apple Music is probably in a better position to be a money maker cause they don’t give away anything free, but also they can afford to offer the service for cheap forever as long as people keep buying their hardware. That fact forces Spotify to keep their prices 

This is a piece of well-known music streaming service that many of us use to build playlists, seek out new music, and listen to our favorite artists. But if you are a musician, you might be able to make some extra cash with it as well! Can you really make money with Spotify? Let’s talk about it! Making Money With Spotify For listeners, Spotify makes it easy to find the music you want, all the time. You can use it on your phone, on your tablet, on your computer, etc. Plus, there are literally millions of tracks on Spotify. You can also listen to not just music, but also popular podcasts with it. Sp 

In the past few years, Spotify has been an important part of the music field. Almost 200 million people worldwide use streaming services, in the US alone, in 2019, people listen to an average of 32 hours of music per week, which shows that the market is big enough for every type of artist, which makes Spotify one of the largest players in the music industry. When it comes to traffic, your may feel tight. Traffic is indeed a hot term on the Internet in this digital age. But don’t worry, you can try a Spotify marketing tool. This Spotify bot is a reform tool for the music marketing. It has powerfu 

The basic question arises in our mind is: What will be the financial benefits of app like Spotify. To understand this aspect we need to understand two factors. These are the two-mode of earning you can consider for your music app as well. Let’s have a look at both the factors: Paid subscriptions: Provide special features to your premium subscriber, but don’t forget to keep the amount affordable. It will be easier to earn $10 from 50 persons than to ask for $500 from one person. Make sure that the features you are offering the premium account are worth the cost. Adverts: The second most important re 

Hey, Spotify defeat analysts’ forecasts on both sales — they had on average been expecting revenues of $1.86 billion — and EPS, which had been forecast to be -$0.49 but came in at -$0.20 on a diluted basis and $0.00 undiluted.The numbers emphasize the positive signals we’ve had from the wider industry. More generally, we have seen a huge accelerate in streaming media services — including video as well — as more people are staying home and looking for ways to be happy.In addition, earnings this month from at least one music label, Universal Music Group, also showed little influence from the coro 

How can I start an online income shortly?
Is there any way to earn money within 24 hours without an investment?
What is the greatest paradox of becoming wealthy?
Becoming wealthy create conditions that make it very easy for you to become petty, or to become an asshole and stop treating everyone with the respect they deserve. One of the best analogies for the human psyche that I have heard is that it operates like a thermostat. Our emotions are calibrated such that we have internal emotional cadences, where we will spend a certain amount of our time happy, a certain time stressed out, sad, etc. I believe our emotions evolved to focus our energies on solving the problems we needed to solve in order to survive - finding enough food and shelter, finding a m 

What sums it up for me is the famous Lennon quote "Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans." Back when I was single sharing an apartment with two friends had zero money, just living paycheck to paycheck was some really happy times. We would train and go dancing and clubbing and had a ball. Then I fell in love with this girl in 2000: (my housemate)  Then I got married in 2003 and still had no “wealth” but we were happy. We both worked and paid for our own wedding and 5 week honeymoon across Canada. Arrival of the bride:  Then we worked and saved and bought a house in the subur 

A few years ago I was invited to a gathering at the house of a very rich man in one of the upscale desert cities southeast of Los Angeles. For the sole purpose of parties and weekend retreats, he had built an Italianate villa on a large piece of land opening up onto the wilderness. The house was partially circumscribed by a crescent shaped infinity pool that fell off into nothingness before the great rolling hills of the Sonoran landscape. The walls retracted so that the entire dwelling seemed intimately joined with this outdoor paradise. Its interior was appointed in the most opulent manner,  

Growing up in a totalitarian state, we’ve had a very limited access to consumer goods. There were shortages in the stores and if you were fortunate to obtain some shoes or a piece of furniture, they were usually grim and misshapen. I remember the moment when I held a foreign magazine in my hands - the aromatic pages were glossy and cool, the gorgeous models looked like no one I knew in real life and the life they showed was like a magical fairy tale. It was a little glimpse of paradise. When I first immigrated to US, a couple of decades ago, I became desperately poor. Despite being in the land o 

When I was younger, there was this rich man who was friends with my family. He would often visit me, and I asked him something akin to this question. He never directly answered me, rather he explained it using the game I was playing at the time. (He was a gamer oddly enough.) The game was Minecraft. Yes, I was taught the biggest paradox of being wealthy by Minecraft. He directed me to start a new world with one goal: Build my entire house from diamond blocks in survival mode. Yes, I'm serious.  So, I hopped into a new world, I built a house out of wood, and after securing a good amount of food, I wen 

Wealth is assets that earn while you sleep—businesses, products, media, robots, investments, land. Money is how we transfer wealth; it’s the social credits and debits of other people’s time. Money isn’t going to solve all your problems, but it’s going to fulfill your basic requirements, like healthcare and education. Status is your rank in a social hierarchy like politics or sports. It’s a zero-sum game: to be a winner, there must be a loser. Status is an old game that predicted survival in the hunter-gatherer days, before we had technologies for creating wealth. Politics is an example of a st 

There are several. Here are a few of the most common ones I’ve noticed: Most people put off doing the things they really want to do until they hit some arbitrary number in their business or career. Then, when they hit that number, they continue putting the things they want off because they are “too busy” to pursue them.At a certain point, wealth becomes a hindrance to happiness. I know a lot of very rich men (who make 10–20X what I do) who are miserable. They don’t use their wealth to buy back their time or enjoy themselves, they only use it to make more wealth.The best things in life are always

I went from being skint to wealthy (net worth approx. GBP 2 million) by the time I was 40. Some of the wealth came from shrewd (or lucky) investments and some from my wife’s inheritance. I saw my brother go from being skint (left school without qualifications) to wealthy ($200K / year job) to mega-wealthy (net worth approx. USD 50 million). He started a very successful company that was sold. What have I concluded?For me, with financial security came a realisation that there was no longer any value in working very hard to try to get a better paying job, e.g. being paid GBP 10K more per year to t 

For me, there are so many: My income and income taxes are significantly lower than when I was far less wealthy.I am in more debt (mostly real estate) than I’ve ever been in my life.It is a bit lonely. I no longer work full time but all my friends, my siblings and my wife still do.I stubbornly cling to my middle class roots and lifestyle despite my high net worth. I do it so that my relationships with my friends, family and spouse aren’t ruined by money and my young kids don’t get spoiled.Generally, my friends are less wealthy but live in larger and newer houses than me, yet my unassuming 3 bedr

In the grand scheme of things, I have always been wealthy. Even when I was poor, compared to the ~100 billion humans who’ve walked the earth, I was despicably wealthy. Judged by American standards, I’ve been desperately poor once (homeless as a drug addict), quite poor a few times including most of my childhood (welfare, government food, free school lunches). I was solidly middle class from 2002–2017. After that, we moved and moved again. The pay followed. We’re substantially more well off than we were five years ago. I’ve promised myself that I’ll be as transparent as decorum (in this case, I  

What is it like to have frugal, close to cheapskate, parents?
My parents were both raised by depression-era parents, so they learned to be makers, and to make do, and they taught those skills to us, which empowered us; I never knew that our income was relatively low compared to neighbors &amp; peers because we had an abundance of what little we needed, and knew how to do more with less. We lived next door to my paternal grandparents, and both households had extensive gardens when I was growing up, so we spent a lot of time preserving the huge surplus of summer’s harvest for winter by canning and freezing- we are talking “victory garden” scale where we had so 

There’s frugal, and there’s cheap. My parents were mostly frugal. Frugal means investing your money in things that matter—- a better school or buying a home in a top school district for your kids, taking care of what you have, maintaining your abode, budgeting for bills and savings, and looking for good deals. Frugal people give regularly to charities. In very good years, frugal people budget for some fun things like a special vacation or a new car, but again look for good deals on them. They don’t eat out a lot or spend excessively on luxuries. This fit my parents most of the time, as well as  

What do you consider frugal, close to cheapskate? My child considers me to be that way because she does not have a cell phone, her own television, her own computer, I won’t drive her 16 hours to go visit a friend, I won’t spend $70 on a pair of jeans, I won’t take her to Victoria Secret for under garments, I ask her to turn out the lights when she’s done in a room, don’t run the water to pressure wash the food off dishes, and no, she can’t have everything she thinks she wants the minute she wants it. I rarely buy sandwich meat anymore because she doesn’t want to make a sandwich (per her words, 

My dad was the worst! I remember being in high school and asking for a pair of adidas sneakers for back to school. Usually, I didn’t ask for anything expensive but I really wanted these shoes. Well school was a few days from starting and he proudly proclaims that he bought me a pair of shoes that I would love way more than the adidas I had asked for. Wait for it……they were a pair of Hanes! Hanes sneakers! I didn’t even know they made sneakers and couldn’t imagine where he had gotten them from. Needless to say, I cried for hours and he didn’t understand or want to understand why I was so upset. 

It prepared me well for life. Growing up, it seemed like “We can’t afford it” was a constant refrain. I got really tired of hearing it! There were 5 kids in my family, and 2 parents, and Mom &amp; Dad were big on fairness. If one of us got a toy, all of us got a toy. Needless to say, we didn’t get toys very often! We learned to live without a lot of things. It drove me nuts, as a kid, seeing so many of my peers ask for &amp; get whatever they wanted (at least that’s what seemed to be happening, found out later that wasn’t really the case) when I kept hearing that magic phrase, “we can’t afford it.” But 

I’ll toss in my 2 cents worth since I grew up in the 1950’s and 1960’s with parents that resemble your question! It was not pleasant to have only two pair of new blue jeans per year that were purchase at least one size to large so I could grow into them, nor was is comfortable wearing shoes that were purchased once or twice per year that were 1 or 2 sizes larger than my foot, because I was still growing and would grow into them! It was not fun having outdated clothing that I had to wear to school and carry my own lunch from home rather than eating a hot meal in the school cafeteria. It was not fu 

They teach you the value of money, and it sticks with you, hard. I’m still a child, 14 to be exact, but when I was growing up, I thought we were poor. We lived in a small, one-story home in the Bay Area that had three tiny bedrooms and a single bathroom. Rent was exorbitant, and my dad, who was making 115k a year as a county land surveyor technically fell under the poverty line because he was raising three children. But I digress. I got my first device at around age 8–9. They were small, $30 tablets that you could find in a Walmart or Target around 2013–2014. They weren’t much, but it sent me  

Just wondering, are you still living at home and your parents are refusing to buy you something you want? Or are you on your own, working supporting yourself and not asking your parents for anything? I have heard “cheapskate” used as a derogatory term toward someone who will not spend their hard-earned money on someone else’s wants. I remember cutting off long-distance services on our house phone. A relative moved in and ran the bill up over $400 the second month in a row, after being asked not to be making long-distance calls. I remember my grocery bill jumping to triple our regular amount when  

My father was cheap. He’d gladly spend $15K on a new tractor, but deny my mother a $7.50 pair of new shoes. He had us convinced we were poor, but we weren’t. I learned to sew early so that I could make my own clothes. I could literally make a dress for $1, if I found fabric on sale and used an old 25 cent pattern, and dresses were short in the 60s. He figured up how much money I’d need for lunch, something like 35 cents a day, and totaled it up. It was about $35. He gave it to me at the beginning of school and told me that was it until Jan. 1. Of course, I needed money for other things, my class 

My parents were born during the Great Depression and grew up with rationing in WW2. They are frugal in some respects but not cheapskates. They have large stores of canned food. They refrigerate tiny scraps of food to use later. They keep, wash and re-use all plastic containers. They buy inexpensive clothes, repair things and generally make do with stuff that they could easily replace. My parents are willing to spend money in certain on certain things though. They value education very highly and paid my university tuition fees. When I was a kid, we travelled overseas for holidays, which was fairl 

What is the single most effective piece of financial advice you've ever received?
Li Ka-Shing is one of Asia’s richest people and the 18th richest person in the world.  He has an incredible rags-to-riches story. He was forced to drop out of school as a child to support his family. I really enjoyed Li Ka-Shing’s wisdom on money- his Five-Year Plan (Apologies in advance for the long read, but it’s sure as hell worth your time): Whatever your monthly income is, divide it into five sets of funds. Roughly into 30%, 20%, 15%, 10%, and 25%.First set of funds are for living expenses. Live simple. Eat a basic breakfast. Eat a basic lunch. Eat a basic dinner. While you are young, you are

As soon as I landed in Canada, I met one very young European guy, a little older than me, I was in the early ’20s, and he was in mid 20′s. This young man was fortunate and he like me came to Canada, penniless however he was pure genius. Here is what he taught me: 1. New Car: Do not buy a new car unless it is such a great deal that it is too good to pass. ( A nicely maintained Demo, lightly used rental, A rear-ended accidental but no frame damage, and win a lottery. I was fortunate, when in 1980 Chrysler was in the bit of trouble, one dealership in Toronto auctioned off new cars. I was successful 

You have to like making money more than you like spending or saving money. It is not difficult to find many wonderfully effective strategies on how to thrive while spending little money. Many of them can be found here on Quora, on Reddit, blogs, YouTube, you name it - the answers are available but most people don’t seek them. However I haven’t come across many suggestions on how to effectively deploy capital. Excess spending is bad, saving is good but understanding how to make money beyond active income at a traditional job is best. One has to understand that it is possible to make money in mult 

Oftentimes, money advice, turns out to be good life advice. Want to lose weight? Track your eating: meal times, calories, then macro nutrients. Want to gain control over your finances? Create a budget: track your spending and income daily, annually, and analyze on a monthly basis. Want to better prioritize? Track where you spend your time, or life hack and look at your appointments from the last year in your calendar. However, beyond tricks and tips, I’d received the same “tid-bit” of advice from my mom in childhood all the way through many well-known personal development blogs and books today. I’ 

 Advice That Changed My Life (I have answered this before but it is worth repeating, plus bonus advice below not in my original answer) A Rich Client’s Advice I asked a client of mine, who was rich, that I knew pretty well, “What is the secret to making a lot of money?” I was selling upper end men’s cloths at upper end retail store. I did OK but wasn’t saving any money. He was picking up some suits that were altered for him. He bought me a cup of coffee and this is what he said or what I remember: You’ll Never Get Rich Working For Someone Else- (there are a few exceptions), but if I wanted to make

Maybe my story is long and boring but it may change your life!  As a child who is born into a middle-class family like the majority of people (nothing special) i always want to be rich to be able to afford the price of anything I want (help my father on his debt, buy my favorite motorcycle...) but the most important is to be someone who is important. Note: In my country we only respect people who have money (3rd countries mindset). To be honest 10.000$ for me it's more than enough to cover all my dreams because weren't big! Unfortunately, my environment wasn't amazing because they all think in the  

Most of my advice came from the example of my parents, but there were a few times I got good advice and ignored it, which later one underscored what good advice it had been.  The advice was:  Don't go into business with 'that guy'.  The character of your business partners is often ignored in the enthusiasm of a new venture, but they have the power to embroil you in disastrous liability and even criminal prosecutions.Invest in what you know.  One of the main reasons lottery winners, professional athletes and entertainment figures lose their fortunes is that they don't understand the connection b

Please allow me to share with you a real life experience and the financial epiphanies that I had in the process of going through the experience. "US$300,000,000." That was the value of one of the businesses that I founded. It was not a figment of my imagination but the conclusion of one of the top institutions in the world. That 9-figure sum of money had popped out of a written report by a group of professionals. Based on this figure, a global bank would underwrite our company's market capitalization as it endeavored to take our company public on NASDAQ. We were advised that it would be just a sta 

One concept that usually gets ignored when people are making long-term financial decisions is the impact of inflation. I get funny looks each time I say this: The vast majority of people's net worth today owes more to inflation and deflation than to any other factor - but allow me to explain why. I'm not talking about the 0.01-percenters, the oligarchs and the tech titans here. Let's take the biggest financial decision in most people's lives, buying a house. The conventional wisdom in ownership-obsessed countries (e.g. the UK, the US, Ireland, Spain, the Netherlands) is the following: "You should 

After many years of unsuccessful entrepreneurial effort; literally failure after failure, all the while continuing to work on my education, I finally worked out the following principle:There are only three ways to make money. You can rent your money. You can sell your time, or you can gamble.I learned early on that selling my time was a waste. I was never going anywhere financially on a blue collar wage. (Sorry guys. Anyone trying to tell you that you can save your way to riches on an ordinary wage is a dolt.) And obviously I had no money to rent (also called investing.) The honest truth is I 

What is the most inappropriate experience you had with a debt collection agency?
Not me personally, but my family. We had just moved house, to be closer to London, and, as part of the move, we had sold a buy-to-let property we owned. Fairly routine. The tenants had left shortly before, having learnt from a friend of a friend that we were moving and selling the buy-to-let, with plenty of warning and complete understanding. At shortly before, we'd lost both my maternal grandparents within a few months of each other, and their house, close to ours and the buy to let, had been sold by an uncle, on behalf of the family. So, a few weeks or a couple of months after we moved in to o 

I’ll go the opposite route and tell of when I got better service from a collection agency than from the creditor. In the 1990’s and early 2000’s I had landline telephone and internet services from Bell Canada. Many Canadians will have groaned on reading that. Bell Canada was the ATT of Canada and when telephone services were they regulated they didn’t manage the transition that well. They seemed to have kept a monopoly attitude but without the restraint oversight from a regulating agency brings. At first my telephone and internet services were billed separately but eventually I got a gushing, and 

Mine isn't as exciting as the answers here but we've had several encounters with debt collection agencies over the years due to one of my siblings and unpaid parking tickets. One guy showed up at my house, I had returned to the UK and moved back home a few months prior. He asked where my sibling was, I lied and told him I didnt know. Whilst I'm usually quite honest, when it comes to debt collection agencies or just any agency and another family member, I prefer to plead ignorance. I'd rather not put my foot in it, if they want info let them find them themselves. He asked me how I couldn't know  

When I married my wife she had an alarm system from one of the “get a free alarm system and for $30/month we’ll monitor it” companies. The three-year contract was up about a year after we married, so we decided to move to a cheaper $10/month monitoring company. I informed the original company that we would not renew at the end of the contract. About a month after the end of the contract I got a call from a collection agency in Florida saying that I owed around $1000 for breaking my contract with the alarm company - basically the full value of the contract. I’ll back up a bit here and explain. If 

My answer to this question is not as exciting as others posted here, but I offer it up as education. As I have written elsewhere on Quora, we were victims of the 2008 Great Recession. Despite securing other work and putting in 60 hours a week on two jobs, and doing without, including emergency food assistance and going without hot water for almost a year, we lost our home to foreclosure in 2011. My jobs just couldn’t cover our bills without my husband’s paycheck; there just wasn’t enough money. I learned that the disadvantage of my lifelong habit of living frugally works against me in a financia 

It may sound hilarious but it is true I got a call on my mobile and caller identified himself from my Bank . The caller asked me about the mobile number and my Number is not secret and about 200 people know about it and I confirmed that the number read out was true .Then the caller informed me that I owe the bank some substantial money [the same bank my salary account was ]. I replied that it is unlikely and told him to come and meet in person and i gave my factory address . The next week I was visited by 2 men and the meeting was outside the factory premises at the gate . One person rattled so 

I am spoiled for choice, but the best one showing how mindless they are was the one who called me not long after my beloved Pete had died of cancer. I’m sure you know that even with insurance, the average medical debt for the survivors is counted in the thousands (unless, of course, the deceased was a member of Congress): US Medical Debt: 10 Facts That Will Shock You - National Bankruptcy Forum // Medical Debt Among People With Health Insurance // AARP Money Map™ . Take that last with some salt since AARP advertises for insurance companies nowadays. Pete had pretty good medical insurance, and i 

Back in the 1970’s when I was a 20 year old in college I decided I would move out of the dorms and buy a mobile home to live in. (I traded in my 1976 TransAm as a down payment but that is another story). The balance was financed at 23% with a company that specialized in financing trailer houses (the rich get richer thing you know). Anyway I lived in it for a semester and grew tired of it, so the following semester I moved back into the dorm. Being the spoiled ignorant brat that I was I stopped making payments. Well you know what happens I start getting letters from the loan company demanding pa 

I would not exactly call it an agency, but I did have an inappropriate experience with the collection person from a Kroger store. I had reached a mutual understanding with my live-in girlfriend that we were better as friends and co-workers, not more, so we moved back into our separate apartments. I needed a break from being around her and since we worked in the same company In different departments, I decided to take a week of vacation and visit my parents who lived several hours drive away. After work on Friday, I went to Kroger and bought about $30 of snacks, drinks and some toiletries. This  

Years ago, back in the days when I was a paralegal and private investigator, my wife and I had an unfortunate home telephone number. The number was unlisted, but it was one digit off the local branch of a big box warehouse store. Saturday mornings were particularly annoying. And if you reversed the last two digits, it was the phone number of a busy pharmacy. Coming home at the end of a long day in the law library and the courthouse, I would find a long series of messages requesting quotes on tires, wedding cakes, birthday cakes and prescription renewals. So, we requested a new number. But the ne 

How do the poor often waste the little money they do have?
This question is written with so much bias and stigma. Axiomatically the poor have little money and the question is how do they waste it. In my life, I’ve been both poor and well into the middle class. These days I’m more at the higher end of that range. There is an entire economic system determined to exploit the poor. When I was in University, I wanted to get a credit card. The credit card company was very condescending and explained how they were doing me favor by giving me a credit card. A while later my card was cloned and I had to swear under penalty on a recorded line that the transaction 

I see a lot of somewhat altruistic answers here related to systematic perpetuation of the poor. While that may be true in many examples, I interpreted the original question to be more about what do poor people choose to spend money on that is wasteful instead of trying to no longer be poor. Yes there’s a systematic process whereby it costs more to live poor than it does middle-class, but I also suggest that many of those systematic pressures are self-inflicted. The below summaries aren’t intended to cover everyone that’s considered poor or lower class, just those that I felt the question was ai 

When you’re broke, you can’t take advantage of sales, buy in bulk, or invest enough in prevention and maintenance. You might skimp on oil changes and end up needing a rebuilt engine, or put off going to the doctor until what could’ve been fixed with some rest now requires surgery. The psychological toil zaps your energy. You have trouble sleeping, which makes it more difficult to work and think clearly in general. Your mind becomes so preoccupied with worry you worry you’re forgetting about something if it isn’t. It’s difficult to enjoy the few good breaks you get because you always have to be  

Oh this is easy for me because I was dirt poor and worked my way out of it. Yes, when poor you lack some of the benefits of the wealthy. But I know how determined I was to get out. I studied every night to get straight A’s in school. My parents wouldn’t pay for college and I decided I was going anyway. Not one day did I sit back and wait for anything to be given to me. I wanted to EARN IT! I applied to small private schools and they offered me scholarships to go there. I worked 16 hours a day, every day I was home in the summer. I cleaned houses, was a crossing guard, worked for some veterinar 

Being poor in America is expensive. In my area, it costs $7 to cash your paycheck without a bank account. Most of the poor never have enough money saved to open an account. It costs them $4 to get a cashier’s check to pay one bill. If they have to get a check to pay power bill, garbage bill, electric bill, water bill and sewer, that is $20. Some have a credit card they can pre-pay in order to pay bills. That costs a $5 fee and the bank may charge a similar fee for every transaction. If they got their furniture at a rent to own center, they are paying over 50% interest on a sofa marked up by 100 

OK, here’s an example: For seven years my wife and I rented an apartment to a family. We rented to them because they were originally from the same Asian island nation as my wife and she thought she would be more comfortable with them. They were late on their rent almost every month. But the recycling bin was always full to the brim with take-out containers and I would see delivery drivers coming to the door a lot. She had a perfectly fine 10 year old Toyota compact car in good condition, but she traded it in for a used Kia at one of those “We Finance Anyone” places. The car lot even put their own 

When your poor everything cost more. Because stores like costco you need a membership which most poor people can’t afford. And stores like Ralps cost more to buy items in singles than packs. Even having a place to live, for example my friend and wife was poor, and didn’t have credit so he couldn't rent a apartment, so they had to live in a motel. For him to live in a shitty single room motel which was probably 200 square feet in a shitty neighborhood cost $80 to $100 a night. So every month he has to pay almost $3,000 a month. At the end they couldn't afford it anymore so he had to go back to h 

Over a lot of “stupid shit”! My Aunt Mary (mid 80’s age and frail) makes some poor financial and mental decisions and this is what keeps her in “da poor house" First , she NEVER saved for her retirement. She believed her narsasistic husband would always provide for her. Unfortunately he just gave enough only for her to exist- even after her divorce from him (she should have filed with ss and would have gotten half his check but noo!!!! $250.00 a month from her ex was good cause he “loved her”). Only when he does croak did she get a “windfall" from social security which is social security surviv 

When we were first married, we were broke. Broke. We lived from very small paycheck to really small paycheck. We got an extra $100 and blew it on fun at a go cart track. We got a credit card, and bought a boat motor. We got a big windfall of cash, we bought a camper. After all, we didn't have much fun. We deserved some fun. After a few years of fun, we were up to our nostrils in debt. We had a wallet full of maxed out credit cards. Every time the phone rang, we cringed. Debt collectors hounded us to death. We needed to buy a home, but couldn't muster up enough credit to make a down payment on a 

A little over 5 years ago i graduated high school and joined the Marine Corps. As most at the time i had a previous job at a fast food restaurant but nothing that could really prepare me for what was coming next. I was out of my parents house earning a bit over $1,400 per month. It’s not much looking back but at the time that was a lot for me. Specially since i was only making 100–200$ per week a few months back. I had no rent or mortgage, no car or any loans of the sort. However i somehow manage to spend my entire paycheck every month without exception. Most of it went to “fun” times and busines 

What is the single most effective piece of financial advice you've ever received?
Li Ka-Shing is one of Asia’s richest people and the 18th richest person in the world.  He has an incredible rags-to-riches story. He was forced to drop out of school as a child to support his family. I really enjoyed Li Ka-Shing’s wisdom on money- his Five-Year Plan (Apologies in advance for the long read, but it’s sure as hell worth your time): Whatever your monthly income is, divide it into five sets of funds. Roughly into 30%, 20%, 15%, 10%, and 25%.First set of funds are for living expenses. Live simple. Eat a basic breakfast. Eat a basic lunch. Eat a basic dinner. While you are young, you are

As soon as I landed in Canada, I met one very young European guy, a little older than me, I was in the early ’20s, and he was in mid 20′s. This young man was fortunate and he like me came to Canada, penniless however he was pure genius. Here is what he taught me: 1. New Car: Do not buy a new car unless it is such a great deal that it is too good to pass. ( A nicely maintained Demo, lightly used rental, A rear-ended accidental but no frame damage, and win a lottery. I was fortunate, when in 1980 Chrysler was in the bit of trouble, one dealership in Toronto auctioned off new cars. I was successful 

You have to like making money more than you like spending or saving money. It is not difficult to find many wonderfully effective strategies on how to thrive while spending little money. Many of them can be found here on Quora, on Reddit, blogs, YouTube, you name it - the answers are available but most people don’t seek them. However I haven’t come across many suggestions on how to effectively deploy capital. Excess spending is bad, saving is good but understanding how to make money beyond active income at a traditional job is best. One has to understand that it is possible to make money in mult 

Oftentimes, money advice, turns out to be good life advice. Want to lose weight? Track your eating: meal times, calories, then macro nutrients. Want to gain control over your finances? Create a budget: track your spending and income daily, annually, and analyze on a monthly basis. Want to better prioritize? Track where you spend your time, or life hack and look at your appointments from the last year in your calendar. However, beyond tricks and tips, I’d received the same “tid-bit” of advice from my mom in childhood all the way through many well-known personal development blogs and books today. I’ 

 Advice That Changed My Life (I have answered this before but it is worth repeating, plus bonus advice below not in my original answer) A Rich Client’s Advice I asked a client of mine, who was rich, that I knew pretty well, “What is the secret to making a lot of money?” I was selling upper end men’s cloths at upper end retail store. I did OK but wasn’t saving any money. He was picking up some suits that were altered for him. He bought me a cup of coffee and this is what he said or what I remember: You’ll Never Get Rich Working For Someone Else- (there are a few exceptions), but if I wanted to make

Maybe my story is long and boring but it may change your life!  As a child who is born into a middle-class family like the majority of people (nothing special) i always want to be rich to be able to afford the price of anything I want (help my father on his debt, buy my favorite motorcycle...) but the most important is to be someone who is important. Note: In my country we only respect people who have money (3rd countries mindset). To be honest 10.000$ for me it's more than enough to cover all my dreams because weren't big! Unfortunately, my environment wasn't amazing because they all think in the  

Most of my advice came from the example of my parents, but there were a few times I got good advice and ignored it, which later one underscored what good advice it had been.  The advice was:  Don't go into business with 'that guy'.  The character of your business partners is often ignored in the enthusiasm of a new venture, but they have the power to embroil you in disastrous liability and even criminal prosecutions.Invest in what you know.  One of the main reasons lottery winners, professional athletes and entertainment figures lose their fortunes is that they don't understand the connection b

Please allow me to share with you a real life experience and the financial epiphanies that I had in the process of going through the experience. "US$300,000,000." That was the value of one of the businesses that I founded. It was not a figment of my imagination but the conclusion of one of the top institutions in the world. That 9-figure sum of money had popped out of a written report by a group of professionals. Based on this figure, a global bank would underwrite our company's market capitalization as it endeavored to take our company public on NASDAQ. We were advised that it would be just a sta 

One concept that usually gets ignored when people are making long-term financial decisions is the impact of inflation. I get funny looks each time I say this: The vast majority of people's net worth today owes more to inflation and deflation than to any other factor - but allow me to explain why. I'm not talking about the 0.01-percenters, the oligarchs and the tech titans here. Let's take the biggest financial decision in most people's lives, buying a house. The conventional wisdom in ownership-obsessed countries (e.g. the UK, the US, Ireland, Spain, the Netherlands) is the following: "You should 

After many years of unsuccessful entrepreneurial effort; literally failure after failure, all the while continuing to work on my education, I finally worked out the following principle:There are only three ways to make money. You can rent your money. You can sell your time, or you can gamble.I learned early on that selling my time was a waste. I was never going anywhere financially on a blue collar wage. (Sorry guys. Anyone trying to tell you that you can save your way to riches on an ordinary wage is a dolt.) And obviously I had no money to rent (also called investing.) The honest truth is I 

What have you done to cut your monthly personal expenses?
I manage to appear wealthy, and spend next to nothing on things that tend to quietly and steadily nibble away most people’s money, so I have money for things I like. I live on a high school teacher’s salary, and everyone in the village thinks I am a millionaire. Here’s what I do: I’ve bought a cheap house - outright. No mortgage, just cash. Yes, there are crazy cheap houses out there, and jobs nearby if you are determined. This is reducing my expenditure by about 50%. And I can rent out a room or two, so the house actually adds to my income.I have moved to a country with universal healthcare, i

I’ve never been a “big” spender, because my interests don’t push me in that direction.But when I started working and had to pay for moving to a new city, I HAD to watch my expenditures to be able to absorb the cost. I have a budget.It helps identifying where my money goes, especially on which type of expenses.First, I identified what came in (salary) and out (rent, health insurance, phone plan, Internet plan, etc…) each month. I also have a small student loan that I will be paying back for the next two years. Also accounted for.I wire money to a saving account first thing every month.I have

If, like many Americans, you often have too much month at the end of the money, it’s natural to think about getting a better job or a side hustle. Not that there’s anything wrong with that. But the real problem may not be how much you make but how much you spend. You may need to reduce expenses – maybe drastically. How do you do that? There are many ways to cut expenses and save money. You just need to know where to look. 1. Keep Track of Your Spending Habits If you’ve ever had a toddler in the house, you know how they can disappear if you aren’t keeping a close eye on them. Well, money is like t 

I cut certain daily expenses which automatically turns into the monthly or yearly cut but initially, I had paid a lot more so that I can save in the long term, a lot. I always buy a home warranty plan which generally costs around 50 -100$ per month but each year I have some appliance which stops working and I get it repaired for free by home warranty or if they can not fix it they replace it with the newer version. In the last two years alone, the home warranty has replaced my two water heater, dishwasher, washer, and fridge because they could not fix the appliances. So basically I have saved a 

I’m more of a saver than a spender, and I am very aware of the pitfalls of consumerism. •	I drive a 10-year-old Rav 4 that I love! No car payments. •	I have a cheaper cell phone plan, using a smaller provider than the big monopoly providers. •	I don’t watch tv, so no cable, though my husband has a Netflix account and I’ll watch comedy specials on occasion on the iPad. •	I don’t subscribe to any music streaming. •	Come to think of it, I’ve never been that much into entertainment – I don’t buy tickets to concerts, sports games, or movies (I am in the minority for sure – a lot of people around me love 

I enjoy the luxuries in life but also learned a couple smarts ways to save money and keep expenses low. Cutting expenses helped me go from living paycheck to paycheck to building up an emergency savings and growing investment portfolio in just 12 months. Here’s are some of my top ways to cut down personal expenses. I got rid of my car. Owning a car can cost up to $700+ for your car note, gas, maintenance, etc. I walk or use Uber to get around the city. I do plan to buy a car in the future and I will buy a used car for cash to avoid having a car loan.I quit smoking. Smoking is bad for your health 

Here’s something I do, and I will continue to add to the list if I can think of more： Figure out the best housing solution over the BUY vs RENT question and keep monthly payment lowNo matter what you do in your situation, it is wise to keep your monthly housing payment below 30% of your income. My current monthly housing payment including mortgage payment, HOA fee, insurance, tax, and most utilities is 20% of my before-tax monthly salary.Live close to workI always live less than 15 minutes drive from walk. Within 10 minutes is even better. It is even better if you can walk or bike to work. It

I’ve never been a financially responsible person. That’s not to say that I blow my money on expensive, needless shit, but I was never the kid to save and save and save. Whenever my wallet was full, I used my money for instant personal gratification.  (Me, after having used my money for instant personal gratification) Only recently did I realise I need to start saving money, but I like to think I’ve started off strongly. Here’s everything I’ve changed about my lifestyle in order to cut expenses. No more fast food when I’m out and I’m hungry. If I’m hungry, I eat from the grocery store, or even better

I have really developed this habit of saving over the last few years which has helped me save 8–9,000 each month: Travelling: I am completely reliable on public transport for my daily commute and never have I felt the need of owning a car. This has not only helped me save monthly expenses in the form of fuel and maintenance but also allows me to read something while travelling.Monthly saving: INR 3,000Television: I rarely watch daily soaps on TV, all I watch on TV is news and sports. So I decided to ditch the monthly TV subscription and bought an Amazon fire stick. I can watch news, sports and

Me personally? Well, I’ve cut extra spending by sticking religiously to the following… Groceries. We buy only the basics at the grocery store: veggies, milk, bread, egg, sugar, cheese, coffee, and high quality ice cream. If I try a generic brand and I can’t tell the difference, then I’m buying the generic brand.City. We choose not to live in a gated community or the most expensive part of town. We choose something in the middle.Cars. I like driving nice-ish cars, but if it’s a German car it has to have warranty on it. I don’t want to pay $1K for an electric bug.Flying. We don’t fly first class,

My neighbor asked me to co-sign a loan for his son's new car. Should I do that?
I guess my first question to a neighbor who asked me to do that would be “And why are you asking me?” If anyone should be co-signing for a son’s new car, it should be the parent. I mean, what kind of relationship do you have with your neighbor that he would even consider asking you? After you’ve said, “No” the answer to this question is “None of your business” but I would be really curious to know why a son who needs a co-signer to secure a car loan is buying a new car instead of a used one. I personally really have a problem with young people with an overblown sense of entitlement who expect ev 

Let me tell you my story. A bit more than 20 years ago I immigrated to the US when I was 19 years old with 10 $ in my pocket to work as an Au Pair, a baby sitter, and live with the family that I have never met. After having worked for a few months, the kids’ dad signed a financial statement that he is willing to sponsor my education so I could get accepted and get a student visa. After some time, I moved out and left for the university. I have not been really in touch since then as they also moved. I found a job and got an athletic scholarship and so he has never needed to pay a penny. I have  

One of my friends asked his pastor to co-sign on a car for him and the pastor refused. My friend was pissed. He called me up telling me how the pastor wasn’t following God’s teaching, as Jesus taught that we are to be kind and supportive of one another. The following Sunday, he returned to church to tell the pastor how selfish he was and that he wasn’t practicing what he preaches. The pastor told him to read Proverbs 22:26-27, which reads: “26 Don’t agree to guarantee another person’s debt or put up security for someone else. 27 If you can’t pay it, even your bed will be snatched from under you.” Th 

I won’t cosign for family. I did that once and earned the Judge Judy outcome as a result against my better judgment at the time. Never again. For a neighbor? Hell no! What kind of neighbor does that? “Hey Bob, you look like you’re doing ok. Would you mind becoming financially responsible for my son’s new car purchase here since I don’t want to take the risk?”. If the neighbor can’t be financially responsible for their own spawn’s lack of credit or bad choices, why should you be? That is some serious lack of ethics and etiquette right there. Normal, good neighbors would never even think of asking 

You already know the right answer to this question or you wouldn't be on this platform looking for validation. NO! Unequivocally, NO. The neighbor obviously has poor financial skills or they wouldn't need a cosigner and more likely than not, that also means they either passed on those same poor skills to the child or worse: they failed to teach the child anything about finances at all. Moreover, a child or young adult does not need a vehicle that requires a loan to begin with as the odds that it will get wrecked and eventually totaled are extremely high due to lack of maturity and driving skills 

The only way you should ever co-sign a loan is if you are willing to make the payments yourself in the event the person is unable to or unwilling to. There could be genuine circumstances where this would make sense, but I’m almost certain in a situation where your neighbor’s son needs you to co-sign, this isn’t one of those situations. Most likely your neighbor and his son have credit or income issues or both. When you co-sign a loan, that loan reports on your credit reports as well as theirs. It’s as if you took out the loan yourself. This will temporarily drop your credit score and the encumb 

NO. NO NO NO NO. I can’t use a bigger font or shout from the rooftop, but please, I beg of you NEVER CO-SIGN FOR A LOAN. Not only does your co-signature make you equally responsible for the car payment for the duration of the loan, you also share liability should he cause harm with that vehicle. If your neighbor’s son misses or is late making a payment, his faux pas will be reflected on YOUR credit. You may or may not be informed of his default - all he has to do is update the contact information on the loan to him only and you’ll be in the dark on the status of your obligation. Regarding liabilit 

No, not unless this neighbor’s son is so close to you and in such desperate need that you are willing to risk ruining your own credit and still having to pay much or conceivably even all of the loan plus interest and fees and no one closer to him can give or lend him the money or cosign. You have much to lose. The neighbor and his son have nothing to lose and a car to gain, at least for a while. And what is in it for you? A sincere thank you, I hope. But legally and financially you get nothing but cresponsibility for a probably high interest loan. The car will be titled in either the son’s name  

No. No. No. I am a former Collections officer for a financial institution, so I can give some insight. To start with, by co-signing, you are CO-signing. You and the other individual are equal partners on the loan. If they are late on their payments, it affects your credit score as negatively as theirs and you could get left “holding the bag.” If the other person defaults, the creditor will simply go after you since you are the person with means and good credit. I will never forget a kind man I worked with who had co-signed a used car loan for an employee, only to have the latter quit his job and 

First… if you co sign you are also assuming some responsibility for the car. Do you really want that on you… your credit? I could say differently for family within reason. But the parents should really consider it themselves. And the neighbor shouldn't burden you with that either. I wouldn't lend money to a neighbor. But if they need a cup of sugar… then that would be not a problem. It seems fishy that the neighbor wouldn't do it themselves. Ask yourself why… FIRST. What came up in my head was is the person responsible enough to understand car payments also mean full coverage insurance and are  

What's your number one motivation for going to work every day besides a paycheck?
I’m 55 years old. I’m unmarried and have no kids. Short of a lottery jackpot win, I’m unlikely to ever get married. I can’t get what I want and don’t want what I can get. I started at Walmart 9 1/2 years ago. At that time, I was 300 pounds, broke, bankrupt, and living in my brother’s basement. I was also a video game addict. Reality speaking, what did I have to live for? I would joke,” I’m fat, live in my brother’s basement and work for Walmart. Somebody please just shoot me.” Seven years ago I got totally disillusioned with gaming and quit cold turkey. After quickly becoming bored, I decided to  

Since my very first job, I always had this strong feeling that, If I spent my whole paycheck in the lapse of the 30 days before the next one, I would have just wasted one month of my life. This concept has stuck with me since the beginning. So, I made a deal with myself that 10% to 20% must be saved every month. And that has been a great piece of motivation. So, I would get my paycheck, and the very first thing was to save 10%. That would go to a sepparate bank account. That small investment would go to TIPS (inflation bonds) and REITs and Stocks. And as they grew, two small condos to put for rent 

I am a writer, writing mentor and editor. I also help people publish their writings and I write technical data that helps businesses achieve their goals. I’m fortunate that, at this stage in my life, money doesn’t matter much. I am financially free, at last, to choose the work I do and the terms I do it on. I love what I do. I love the people I meet and work with. I enjoy getting to know fascinating people and reading their stories. I get immense satisfaction from knowing that I’ve helped someone achieve a personal goal and attain a deep sense of satisfaction. I also love my work environment. My 

I am 24 years old Full Stack developer. I first started my career in a big IT corporate as a software developer, and I was making around 5k USD per annum which is around 3.65 Lakh Rupees in my country (India). That amount was enough to survive but I couldn't save anything. I was bored of the job as it was too easy and lacking challenge. As soon as my 1 year contact got over, I searched for jobs and I joined a startup as a full stack dev which was giving me 12K usd (8 lakh) PA. Within 6 months my salary increased to 20K USD which is quite good in India and I could save tons. I recently build my 

There are a few different ways to take this, but I'm going to go with freedom. I honestly don't know if I'm all that passionate about a particular activity or hobby, but I am deeply passionate about being successful. There are lots of different definitions of success out there. For me, it's personal and financial freedom. I could begin to pontificate about how I come from a disadvantaged background and how my family's difficulties with money inspired me to dream big and work hard, but I've learned that's not all that unique. By saying this I certainly don't mean to belittle the challenges of esc 

Well please don't tell anyone this is s big secret I can't leave this job cause i love the Secretary she is so kind to me and always bring something nice for me to eat. She is such lovely person no pretend with her. All the people in the office like her but I love her.When she smiles it is so beautiful and inviting those lovely blue eyes light up the face and the slight crinkles of the eye tell me it is a genuine smile. Those lips are liken to rose lovely pink rose buds opening to greet the morning sun. She is kind one can tell from the gentleness in her eyes.omg I just love those dimples on he 

I “go to work” daily — although I work from home and don’t need to travel more than a few feet to get there. I love what I do, regardless of how much or little I receive in compensation for it. Not that I don’t relish getting paid or negotiate the best fee for my work, because I definitely want and do both. When you love what you do, you’re motivated by the self-satisfaction you receive from the work, the opportunities to continue to get better, moments when you’re acknowledged by others, and how fast the day seems to go when you’re creatively engaged.  Photo from Picography 1.2K views · View upvotes31Timothy Greer, Financial AdvisorAnswered 1 year ago

I'm 34 and have an awesome job as a phone based financial advisor for already established accounts. I get to help people in a bad spot use and maximize their savings the most effeciently. I really enjoy talking about available investments and the way that they effect life and life goals. Most importantly to me, I worked retail out of college for years, working my way up to a manager. I hated it, I was good at it but it was mind-numbingly boring. I started in 2008 and life as a retail worker just got worse and worse over the years with higher sales expected with a reduced workforce. As a manager 

My number 1 motivation is helping people see themselves differently. When a client tells me that, for the first time, they feel truly confident about their contributions and thus like themselves better, and are happier…that is like chocolate to me! There is nothing like feeling you truly made a difference in someone else’s experience to give them a better quality of life…nothing feels better than that to me. And when employees or spouses thank me for the positive changes they experience in their relationship with a leader I’ve coached, it’s a bonus I get really excited about. 453 viewsEric Krausz, Computer Programmer (1987-present)Answered 1 year ago · Author has 3.4K answers and 1M answer views

Your number one motivation for working should be the desire to contribute to others, to make yourself valuable. Become an information hub. Be an expert in systems and procedures where you work. Develop your skills as much as possible. Inspire your co-workers. Be grateful that someone is paying you for your time. Show that gratitude by putting forth your best effort. Most of your waking hours are spent working. Be mindful. Work is the way you help make the world a better place. 921 views · View upvotes9Bill Carson, ScientificAnswered 1 year ago · Author has 1.9K answers and 385.1K answer views

What was the largest refund you ever got from a purchase?
Which cryptocurrency can make me rich in 2018, like Bitcoin did?
If there is a limit to how many Bitcoins there will be, how can Bitcoin become a global currency?
Why does the US one dollar note include the Illuminati symbol?
You don't actually specify which symbol on the US $1 bill you think is an Illuminati symbol, but I'm going to guess that you mean this one.  This is a picture from the US one dollar bill with everything outside of that circle faded partly toward white. You can see four pieces of text on this picture that might give clues to its meaning. above the symbol, it says annuit cœptis, which is Latin for “He approves our undertakings.”[1]on the base of the pyramid, it says MDCCLXXVI — Roman numerals for 1776.on the banner under the pyramid, it says Novus ordo seclohum, which is Latin again. It means “New or

Beginning in the late 17th century, there was a cultural movement of science to oppose superstition, obscurantism, religious influence over public life, and abuses of state power. This period is often called the age of enlightenment. A German philosopher Adam Weishaupt formed a secret society in the state of Bavaria in Germany named “The order of the Illuminati”. This was one such secret group created in this era with the motto “"to put an end to the machinations of the purveyors of injustice, to control them without dominating them."” The Illuminati and similar organizations were seeing huge po 

The famous dollar sign, the well-known "$", has a curious and surprising origin. If you have ever wondered what its historical origin could be, today we get rid of doubts: they come from the 17th century and it is Spanish. Yes, the US currency is Spanish. It not only represents the US dollar, but in many other countries they use it for their currencies, as was the case with the old Portuguese shield or the Colombian and Argentine pesos. This symbolism has a curious and Spanish origin. You can also visit DOLLAR SYMBOL – ITS ORIGIN AND MEANING for detailed information The two bars that are drawn v 

I really like this kind of question. First of all, you will know the truth if you know how bank system work, how the paper money is made, and at least you know the story of Jesus (pbuh)/Isa (AS). This goes back to the time of Jesus (pbuh) when he accused the priests that they made the Temple into "a den of thieves" through their commercial activities. For example, you had to pay more money if you wanted to enter the temple, if you didn’t have money, then you couldn’t enter the temple to pray. But I don’t know why this kind of evil activities is widespread in the Churches as well. As a Christian, m 

They are not, per se, the “Illuminati” symbol but one artists variation on it theme of the term - The term/name Illuminati is a name given or used and applied to several groups, both real and fictitious. Historically, the name usually refers to the Bavarian Illuminati, Enlightenment-era. - (Founded short-lived whatever in Germany Started in Germany 1776+- and cease to be a cult by 1885). The Egyptian culture had the all seeing eye of the Hawk (a God send), and so on… the Pharaohs all knowing and all seeing powers… make of it what you want. The inference by some symbolism - The eyes are thought t 

I agree, these are occult symbols that the Illuminati have adopted as there own, in short, it is because they serve the same master. The reason they are on there, is because the worthless US dollar is printed by the “Federal” reserve and not the US treasury. I put the fed. in quotes because it is not a part of the gov. and is in fact privately owned and run. I believe those higher ups of the Fed. are in league with the synagogue of Satan, and we know how much they love putting, and hiding there symbols in everything they do. So in short, If a man worships money, holding it in higher regard tha 

So first of all the symbol is not of the illuminati however, of a chief cornerstone. A chief cornerstone is different from a standard one or (cornerstone). It will take some digging and etmology research. A cornerstone stone is flat on top but a chief cornerstone has a pyramid on top like a obelisk at Washington monument. So you cut the top off to make it flat because nothing can be put on top of it because of the pyramid point. That's why on the back of the dollar bill the top of the pyramid is separate. But in reality it's because in the BIBLE it says Jesus Christ is the chief cornerstone. T 

American Dollar Bill doesn’t contain a illuminati sign. They existed between 1776 to 1790. It was a Bavarian political group created to over throw the European hereditary monarchies. They were disbanded after almost of decade of existence. Their sign was Owl of Athena - Wikipedia also known as owl of minerva, which doesn’t exist in American Dollar.  I think you are confused between Freemason ( Freemasonry - Wikipedia ) and Illuminati. The sign / symbol you are probably talking about is Eye of Providence - Wikipedia , its a sign often associated with freemasons. It also represents the holy trinity 

The Illuminati had no symbol. While some want to argue that the Illuminati used the owl, the truth is far more mundane: The Illuminati were a Bavarian political group that advocated the overthrow of hereditary European monarchies. They were founded in 1776 and disbanded in 1785. They only ever had six members. They met in beer halls. If anything was ever going to be a symbol of the Illuminati, it would probably be a beer stein. The symbols on the dollar bill have nothing to do with the Illuminati. And - before silly answers show up here - there aren’t any Masonic symbols on the dollar bill, eith 

That is the Eye of Providence, or the all seeing eye of God, and is a Christian symbol that first showed up around the time of the Renaissance. What you see on the dollar bill is the reverse of the Great Seal of the United States. The eye of God watches over an unfinished 13 step pyramid representing the 13 colonies. It is unfinished to symbolize future growth. It has no connection to the Illuminati. 247 views · View upvotes32Bo Thompson, Have looked fairly deeply into most Conspiracy Theories.Answered 3 years ago · Author has 10K answers and 1.4M answer viewsOriginally Answered: Why does the American dollar bill have the Illuminati sign on it?

Will the U.K. be removed from euro bank notes and coins now that we’ve left the EU?
Is Bitcoin the best cryptocurrency?
Why does the Indonesian currency have a picture of Lord Ganapati?
Was the eagle on US currency modeled after a specific eagle?
Will bitcoin ever hit $10 again?
Will Dogecoin become a real cryptocurrency?
How do you make money by collapsing a currency?
Should we invest more on space projects or on our people?
I think the space race can wait until we’ve at least got climate change sorted out. We know what needs to be done, and we have the technology already to do it, so we don’t need to wait for NASA scientists to think up the next piece of technology, as I’m sure some will imply that we should by pointing out how the space race helps us to develop technology that helps people on Earth. That would be like having a broken arm and suggesting that you don’t want your arm to be set right because you’d rather wait for the army to invent a new way to treat a broken arm. No, your arm needs setting right no 

Obviously our own people. Investing trillions in our own people through increased education funding, healthcare and environmental issues would go much further than spending the same amount on space. Even at the height of the cold war most countries spent more on their people than they did space. So we should go ahead and spend trillions on healthcare improving, education and making the environment cleaner and throw some bones to space ($50 billion a year should do it). All that funding on education would expand the number of scientist, engineers and entrepreneurs. The funding for environmental  

I always scratch my head when I see questions like this. What do you think happens when some money is spent on space? Do you think we pack rockets full of $100 bills and launch them into the sun? When we spend money on space, we spend money on people. The money is spent right here on earth. It goes to engineers and industrial workers, computer programmers and welders, sheet metal fabricators and crane operators. The money isn’t shot off into space, it’s poured into the economy on Earth. And it goes to improving people’s lives. The space program gave us everything from the medical monitoring equi 

They simply are not mutually exclusive:  Many people love to bag on this idea as “a pipe dream” or “pie in the sky” but it is the coolest alternative energy program out there by far. “Safety of Wireless Power Transmission In the proposed designs, the laser beams will operate at skin- and eye-safe wavelengths, with intensity comparable to normal sun exposure, and the intensity of the microwave radiation will be about one-sixth of that of noon sunlight. Operating at these levels ensures that either transmission mode will be safe for humans, animals, and plants. Space Solar Power Transmission The laser 

Should we invest more on space projects or on our people? People come first, that is the purpose of governments, to provide a fertile environment for the productivity of the people to bear fruit and strengthen the nation. Once you have a large country that is working effectively, you have an excess that can be used to invest in long range projects that will greatly improve a country’s situation. Space exploration is one of these things, with the eventual returns offering a return many orders of magnitude greater than the initial exploration funds. You can spend a small percentage of your budget  

Space travel. Because fuck the people.  Fuck you people in particular. This question presents a false dichotomy. It presents the idea that money spent on space projects isn’t money spent on the people. But this is false for two reasons. First of all it’s false because people like space. From a purely scientific standpoint, the best value for your dollar when it comes to space is in unmanned drones. Anything a human can do in space, a drone can do cheaper, safer, and better. But they can’t inspire us. They can’t unite humanity itself in the pursuit of something greater than ourselves. Manned spacefl 

My view of government funded research is that it should be prioritized according to these issues: Things that might kill us. In that category Meteors, Viruses and related contagious diseases, Pollution and Climate Change.Defense related threats.Breakthrough technologies of unknown or unpredictable potential ; including leading edge technologies such as nuclear fusion, 5G, AI and Quantum computing.Things that have potential to create job opportunities, improve working conditions and lessen social stresses.Things that improve other people’s lives around the planet. Such as fighting poverty, over 

This is a classic case of a false dichotomy, and one that’s endlessly used by people who oppose space travel, science, or anything that doesn’t show instant gains for them. It’s like the old saying: Give a man a fish, and he’ll feed himself for a day. Teach him to fish and he’ll feed himself for a lifetime. The equivalent would be: Spend a billion dollars on welfare support, and you’ll support a nation for a few days. Spend a billion dollars on advancing knowledge of and access to space, and you allow them new resources and improved ability to manage the resources they have, and pay dividends for 

I think we should heavily invest in less people. We have 4 billion “spare” people and growing. Besides less people we should invest in clean inexpensive energy. If you want it to be about the people then make it more about our relationship to the planet. Our planet gives us hints, like global warming with a little extra CO2 and more frequent pandemics because we are packed too close together. The answers are “out there” as well. From space we have a vantage point that tells us of how the atmosphere and oceans are doing. (A global perspective). This is a skill needed to get on better terms with  

Ah yes, because if only we only we cut that 23 billion dollar NASA line item we’d finally be able to “invest in our people”. That’s the thing that’s really holding us back. That 0.48% of US government spending is clearly the reason we have so many intractable social, economic, and environmental problems in the world. If only we could put that 0.48% to better use, we’d finally achieve peace, harmony, and social justice for all. That’s not how US government spending works. What would happen if we stopped “investing” in space? What would happen to that money? Maybe a meaningless tax break for the  

What should we know about short-term cryptocurrency investment in 2021?
Should I leave my money in Bitcoin?
Why didn't Bill Gates invest in Amazon like he did in Apple?
Is now a good time to buy Bitcoin in September 2020? How will Bitcoin do for the rest of 2020?
 Yes, I’ve been saying since May 2020 when Bitcoin had climbed to $10,000 that’s it’s not a good time to buy Bitcoin, because of high fees and market insecurities unless proven otherwise. Now, 4 months later Bitcoin is still at $10,000, however, now it is a good time to buy Bitcoin. Why? For two reasons. 1. Scalability bottleneck is a problem, but has proven to leave enough room to reach $15,000 Over the last couple of months, the market has shown that a 35% increase from $9,000 to $12,500 within 30 days like in August, does not increase fees past $6. This is sufficient proof to ensure market safet 

There never is a good time to buy bit coin. There never was. Two important points. One, who is shatoshi??, no one knows. Knowing how the greedy big banks are, i can not see them letting go of the worlds cureency. Nor the control over everyone, using a upside down financial system, which is fraudulent. Then theres the well known fact that the gov agencies dont tell you what they sre doing unless they are about to get caught out, ir expossed, or have pushed it for 20 plus years, and decided to tell us we needed spying on. Se you getting this. They told us they were looking for terrorists. When i 

I'd wait for the economy to start recovering from Corona Virus. Bitcoin seems to go up in value in bad times and drop in value in good times. You may still be able to make a little money because people think inflation is going to spike thanks to the stimulus programs but that's not actually expected to hit for 2 to 4 years. Still, since it's a panic currency I'd expect it to raise at least a few thousand dollars more before March 2021, if a Stimulus pack gets approved in time then Bitcoin won't raise as quickly or high as if it didn't. Bitcoin was born in and thrives in recessions even though i 

There is so much speculation that the price will close higher in 2020 and I cant help but think that there are some people trying subconsciously imprint the idea that the price will rally before 2020. Yes there is a chance that it might rally a bit but there is also a chance that it might take a dip. It is thus not a good idea to go by random speculation. It makes more sense to observe the patterns. People have been investing in Bitcoin because the traditional finance market has been taking a hit due to the coronavirus. Cryptocurrencies presented an alternative that is not directly impacted by  

Seriously like have a look at the big or BIGGER PICTURE! I dont have really jack shit not even investments or savings. One thing that you should consider is look where we are at now? Not very stable . im gonna say chryptocurrency or bitcoin isnt what you think . all these new investments is possibly a big stitch up regardless who u r ? Why well think about it? You have a lot of money,others have alot of money . the rich will jumo at this opportunity all of them every where globally thinking they might be world leaders with chips or digital dollars. Do you reallythink the world leaders would gi 

I’m not criptal expert, i don’t even know how to spell that word I won’t touch it with a 69 ft pole No one, no one on Quora or anywhere in the world can accurately predict how an investment will do, ESPECIALLY if it’s something like bitcoin whose value is not backed by any economics. For any “managers” “investors” who wants to argue with me, I can give you 20k right now for whatever investment you wanna do, if you promise me 15% annual return for three years. Three years later if you lost money you owe me money or your legs, if you got more you can keep the rest. Good deal! No? Rest of y’all, don’t  

Personally I don't trade Bitcoin because the systemic risk is too high for me to manage effectively. By that I'm referring to the low transaction rate forcing people to trade in unregulated exchanges, and the very high likelihood that you'll be trading against bots operated by the exchange owner who may not be legally bound to give you the best counterparty price available in that exchange at that time. I'm happier trading other markets. However, if you put a gun to my head and forced me to tag Bitcoin, I'd probably be looking to set up option straddles or strangles. Google both — that's one ap 

I really hope you all bought bitcoin as at this time the question was asked? Because I advised a lot of people to buy bitcoin in 2020. Now, you see the price of bitcoin and how much you should have made by now if you invested. Not to late to double your bitcoin on Gsrtinvest. c o m either. It's still a great time to earn more money and live a happier life. Bitcoin has changed the lives of many people across the world. You should become a part of the little percentage too. Spread the word and choose now to invest even more. Gsrtinvest gives you all the benefits. Bitcoin prediction will be above $50, 

Bitcoin is appalling because of the immense amount of electricity required to mine bitcoins. All those machines are contributing majorly to greenhouse emissions and they aren't heating someone's house or preparing food, they are just making an abstract thing that we can very well live without. Bitcoin enables cyber crime by giving criminals an untraceable income source. Bitcoin is a terrible scourge driven by greed and criminality. Bitcoin use causing huge CO2 emissions: Study 574 viewsPierre-Yves Saumont, lives in France (1953-present)Answered 6 months ago · Author has 466 answers and 74K answer views

Is now a good time to buy Bitcoin in September 2020? How will Bitcoin do for the rest of 2020? Well, one might argue whether the best time is today or in the next ten days, but as we are now September 21st, it is certainly a good day to buy Bitcoin in September 2020. In ten days, it will no longer be. But it will be a good time to buy Bitcoin in October 2020. 708 views · View upvotes1Tahir ValiAnswered October 15, 2020

Larry Page has almost $40B, but only $60M (75,000 shares) of that is in GOOG stock. According to sources, Sergey Brin has nearly 21 million shares of GOOG stock, yet both are worth almost $40B. Where is the rest of Page’s money invested?
The video game industry is a rapidly growing sector, so why are so many companies private, especially with the inflating costs of development?
Why is Warren Buffett not buying stocks anymore in 2020?
If a trader makes 100–200% annual returns, then how is Warren Buffett the best investor in the world?
I'm a professional trader. I know a lot of people who have put up massive returns for 10+ years. But not one is in Warren Buffett's league. Why? Buffett can take advantage of the eighth wonder of the world. None of us can. The eighth wonder of the world is compound interest. Imagine that you make 20% per year. If you have a little bit of money, 20% won’t give you a lot of money after just one year. But if you reinvest your profits, you have 20% more money every year. Over time you build up a lot of money — for example, $1,000 invested at 20%/yr for 30 yrs becomes $250,000. Buffett has been at it f 

I will take this question at face value…. Buffett may not be “the” best investor but he is certainly one of the most successful and famous. The way that he made the money is almost irrelevant because the results are amazing no matter how he did it (considering legal methods only of course). First- Warren Buffett has achieved market beating returns for decades. Very few professionals can say that. It's one thing to double your money in one year but to do that over 10 years is exceptiinally hard. if you did this, you would have 1000x your initial investment (2 to the 10th power or 2 x 2 x 2 … 10  

Stock market is a crazy place… one can become billionaire and beggar at same time. Earnings 3600% return in one trade or one year is significant . There is a hedge fund manager in Brazil who recently ended making more than 1000% return on investment. Here is the excerpts of the news coverage- “Luiz Alves Paes de Barros is something of an enigma in Sao Paulo’s financial circles. At 69, he’s known around town as the “anonymous billionaire” for quietly amassing a fortune by wagering on stocks almost no one else seemed to want Starting in late 2015, Barros’s Alaska Investimentos Ltda. made the batte 

Question: If a trader makes 100–200% annual returns, then how is Warren Buffett the best investor in the world? The secret is understanding the difference between being a TRADER and an INVESTOR. I wish I can make it bolder and bigger. But never mind, let’s manage what we’ve got. Before we proceed, I’d like to say I’m grateful for the question, it'll clear up lots of things, even for me.” Here we go… Who is a trader and who is an investor? Lots of people know that Sir Buffett is an investor but what they don’t really get is what separates people like him from traders who happen to also deal with th 

Buffett has been having a consistant yield of 20% per year for more that 50 years Do the math 1.2^50 means a multiplicative factor of nearly 10,000; it would take 13 1/2 years to reach this level if compounding at 2 A reverted question would be : Has any trader been able to constantly have a x2 annual result for more than 13 years? Now Buffett is having his 6th decade into the business, and 1.2^60 means a factor of 60000 The magic of Buffett is to make routinely 20% yearly, basic principles is to have a low cost source of funds, to provide funds for financing of others activities at a high cost an 

It would seem the poser of this question has no experience or knowledge of the extreme difficulties of earning triple digit returns on the kind of capital people like Warren Buffett have to deploy. First of all, returns like 100 to 200% per annum can only be achieved on relatively small sums of money. A few million dollars perhaps for a really skilled and talented trader. After that this trader runs into the brick wall of capacity limits. There is only so much capital he can deploy without actually “becoming” the market. In other words, you can’t earn returns like that unless there is someone w 

Here are my annual returns net of all expenses: Return 2007 49.95% 2008 298.39% 2009 261.16% 2010 70.95% 2011 74.09% 2012 154.43% 2013 55.82% 2014 68.84% 2015 163.92% 2016 0.71% 2017 37.58% All of this has been left to compound, so each dollar invested on 1 January 2007, grew to more than $1,500 eleven years later. I was able to turn a few thousand into a few million. One thing that might stand out to you is that the two worst years are also the two most recent years. That gives a clue that things get harder as you have more money to work with. This is from the Berkshire Hathaway Shareholder Letter of 1989:  We&nbsp;

Let’s see the formula of compound interest:  We often get stuck trying to get better r. If we know anything about exponents, we can safely say that an increase in r will only increase A by a bit, while an increase in n will increase A exponentially.Warren Buffett’s P and n, both are huge. Ultimately, it is the consistency of returns that matters, not what you do in a year or two years. While Warren buffet (or any investor) can keep all his money invested, a trader cannot trade with 100% capital all the time. The risk is way too high, specially once the capital increases in size.Talking particular

Two reasons: Warren compounds his returns.Warren gets a % of other people's investments.Warren Buffett is not the best investor in the world. He just got lucky with Coke stock and he has a lot of patience in the market. That lucky strike on his 50th birthday got him a lot of investors to put their money under his management, and then a lot of institutions did the same. If you think he manages the investments himself then you are delusional. It's a team of investors working in a very classical way. All Warren does is keep his brand name. So you can make a high profit % or more and enjoy your mone 

For one obvious reason. Total returns over a lifetime. Buffett is the third richest person in the world. He is richer than any real estate or stock market investor. If these people can get 100%-200% every year, they would be wealthier than him. So why aren't they wealthier than him? They can get 100%+ one year. Look at the bitcoin fanatics. Many of them made 1000%+ percentage points profit in a year and thought making money was easy. Now they are down dramatically this year. They certainly won't become as wealthy as Buffett through bitcoin. What Buffett has done is get `only` 15%+ over 75 years as 

Which is a better investment, Decentraland MANA or Sandbox Sand?
What is the single best financial move you have ever made in your life?
Why is money laundering necessary? Why can't people just put their illegal cash in a safe and spend it instead of laundering it?
Even if you had it in a safe, when making a large purchase like a house you have to declare where you got it. Most checks aren't on bank accounts but at the time of purchase. If one spends the money day to day he could probably move it through the banking system and still it would be hard to find. Say I put 500/day into a bank accountand use it for all my purchases via debit card, clothes, gas, rent, etc. Edit : It could raise red flags but there is no official audit as when buying property, etc. In Greece, I've never heard of a check on a bank account and most people wouldn't accept it. The b 

Over a decade ago, a gentleman I represented was a townie drug dealer. He got in a bar fight, and he hired me to help resolve an assault charge. Which we were able to do by getting him some anger management counseling. And he had a similar issue about a year later. And then, again. And that itself is somewhat unusual. But something about him always seemed… off. He always just seemed to have more money that he could explain, nor did he behave in the way I’d expect someone with that kind of money to behave. It was always an oddity. So, I had my suspicions. Maybe it was drugs. Maybe it was his some 

 My step brother worked as an internal auditor in one of the government offices. He is currently in jail serving his sentence ( won't tell you how many years was he sentenced, it just reminds me of his two kids). The charges that were placed against him included money laundering. Its becoming a common crime that puts activists, opposition leaders and other targeted public servants behind bars in my country. My brother had this nice boutique and Male's saloon in the middle of the city. He also owned one of the most famous gyms in the city. Everyone including I were a little puzzled with his quick  

2 years ago I participated in a tax amnesty program in Indonesia that allowed citizens to pay 2% of their undeclared wealth and reflect it in their upcoming tax return without prosecution or pay additional taxes. For a measly $2000 you were able to declare $100,000 in wealth, and so long as it was not derived through drugs or human trafficking, the government couldn’t do anything. This also meant that all spending from funds cleared through the tax amnesty would not cause any problems and with the certificate you were provided, you were clear nationwide for all of eternity. The amnesty was so wil 

Money laundering is not driven by individual needs, as your question alluded to, but by industrial-level activity. The annual revenue of the illicit drugs trade in the US alone is estimated at almost $150bn a year. The global value is estimated at over half a trillion dollars a year. You cannot keep this kind of cash flow in the safe and spend it at the individual level. It is an industrial-level activity. And there are of course many other such industries beyond the illicit drugs trade. There is a complicated global supply chain, really no different from any conventional industry: from the coc 

There have been a lot of great responses to this question. I was adding a comment, then felt compelled to just turn it into an answer. The big reason is that they want to have the large sums of money to be available as legitimate funds for larger purchases and investments. I don’t know about other states, but contributing to a real estate purchase in Utah, the cash has to be shown to be legitimate or at least in the account for so much time. I remember when I was purchasing my home. I had a significant sum of money to put towards the purchase. The concern was how long had it been in my account. I 

Because you want to hide the source of your funds from a hostile forensic audit and the best way to do that is to disguise it so it can’t even be found and where there are no bank records to trace. Here’s a textbook case and, surprise! It involves Trump. In the early 80s a Russian emigre ostensibly working as a cab driver showed up at Trump Tower with $6 million in cash. His name was David Bogatin, a former Soviet air force pilot. He handed the money to Trump in exchange for not one but five condos. Trump willingly sold it to him despite state laws requiring that such huge cash transactions be  

In one word? Forfeiture. Before 1978 the cops had very limited means to seize the proceeds of illegal activity. When I started working narcotics in the mid-1970s we occasionally encountered relatively large amounts of cash. There was no legal mechanism to take this away, so we frequently just gave it back to the crook (or more usually, his lawyer, who was, needless to say, extremely glad to get it). Our only remedy was to call IRS CID and ask them to do what they called a “termination and jeopardy assessment,” in which they effectively terminated the taxpayer/crook’s tax year as of that date a 

Try buying a car with cash. Just walk into a dealership with grocery bags of 20s. What do you think will happen? The manager will say no thanks, we want a check drawn from a bank. So you go with your bags of ca$h to the local Chase. “Yeah, I'd like to open a checking account. “ The teller eyes the cash and says “what is the provenance of these funds?” “Huh?” “Where's all the cash from?” “What do you care? It's mine.” “True, but unless you have a printing press, it was given to you in exchange for goods or services. How did you get the cash? Do you own a business that accepts cash?” “Um, yeah…” “Which i 

Money laundering often allows people to fit in undetected in a cashless society. Having a lot of cash on you attracts law enforcement and third parties. Having cash in a state you commit crimes in allows that cash to be swiftly seized without obstacle pursuant to civil forfeiture laws. A great example is withdrawing your large earnings into cash from a casino for the sake of privacy, driving to your security box location to deposit your gains and then only to be detained by a traffic enforcement officer on the road. Finally, this happens. Utah police seized $2.2M in cash under civil forfeiture l 

Why isn't Bush held responsible for the 2008 financial crisis to the same degree as Obama?
George W. Bush had little or nothing to do with the 2008 crisis. To understand why, you’d have to look back to 1999 and 2000, with the passage of two critical pieces of legislation. In 1999, President Bill Clinton signed the Financial Services Modernization Act into law. This bill, which was authored and sponsored by then-Sen. Phil Gramm (R-TX), repealed Glass-Steagall, the 1932 law that prohibited commercial banks, investment banks, and insurance companies from being owned by the same entity. The repeal of Glass-Steagall ushered in the existence of “too-big-to-fail” megacorporations like Citic 

I see a lot of people, recognizing the illogic of blaming Obama for something that happened before he was there, have turned to blaming Clinton, and skipping over the republican policies. However it is the latter that we know are responsible. First, this was not just a “financial crisis.” It was a housing bubble (the “biggest bubble in history” according to The Economist in 2004), an $8 TRILLION bubble (according to Dean Baker). The official investigation into the causes primarily fingered two things. The first was Greed: as the prices climbed, people jumped into buying houses because they had th 

“Why isn't Bush held responsible for the 2008 financial crisis to the same degree as Obama?” I’ll state the obvious up front that there are a lot of dimensions to this. But here are a few thoughts: To suggest that Obama was responsible somehow is mostly ridiculous. While one can debate perhaps whether Obama could have handled it better, the crisis was well underway before he ever came into office.If we are looking at the big picture, the problems that led to this originated in the 1980s when Reagan began a broad policy of deregulation. As Joe Parsons points out, during the Clinton era, a few dif

That would depend on who you ask. The problem with figuring out who to lay blame on is we are starting to develop a not so great tradition in the United Sates of, “my side right or wrong” Lets say you and I are in opposite political party's and your candidate gets elected. One year later the economy improves. You will say its because of your (just elected) candidate. I on the other hand will say its because of the policy's enacted from my candidate who was the person in charge the year before. It just took this long for results to start showing. We will both produce charts and graphs to buttress  

I’m not sure he does. The 2008 Financial Crisis had a lot of causes. I think voters in the 2008 election would disagree with your assertion that Bush and the GOP were not held responsible for the resulting economic collapse. John McCain had a roughly 2 point lead over then Senator Obama immediately prior to Lehman Brothers filing for bankruptcy. After that, his lead collapsed and Senator Obama won a decisive victory in the election. Once President Obama stepped into the oval office, the economy became his problem. That’s how it always works. Voters blame the president for economic problems, ev 

While this asks a specific political question, the fact is there were so many factors involved in the Great Recession—political, finanancial, commercial, and societal—-that a brief answer on Quora doesn’t do it justice. To give some perspective outside of political finger-pointing, here are a few aspects of the crisis that don’t involve politics, at least not directly. Not all CDOs are created equal. The “senior”, or least-risky tranches of mortgaged-backed securities were not the problem. The “junior” or equity tranches of CDOs were where the subprime mortgages were bundled, which meant that p

Bush is responsible for it. Let me tell you how it is. An American President can do almost nothing, acting in the course and scope of his duties as United States Head of State, Commander in Chief, et al, that will have any real impact on gas prices. But, when gas prices are high, the challenger will make that an issue in an election year. Because, you know what? The President takes the credit when things go well so he gets the blame when things don't. You campaign for the job; you want the job: you know that is part of the job: sitting at the desk designated as the Buck's Final Resting Place. You w 

Several answers here have explained that it was really back in Bill Clinton’s administration and a Republican veto-proof congress that legislation passed that was largely to blame. There are other factors as well, such as the GW Bush wars and the Medicare prescription drug program (neither was adequately funded) as well as housing policies from both Republican and Democratic administrations that encouraged irresponsible behavior in the housing market. But an important point that should be noted is the delay between the mistakes and the consequences. This situation serves as a very good lesson t 

Joe Parsons did a great write up. I had some additional things to say. There are two more big causes: 1) “the Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) of 1977 (particularly as modified in the 1990s), which pressured private banks to make risky loans, and 2) HUD affordable housing goals for the government-sponsored enterprises ("GSEs") — Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac — which caused the GSEs to purchase risky loans. As early as February 2004, in testimony before the U.S. Senate Banking Committee, Alan Greenspan (chairman of the Federal Reserve) raised serious concerns regarding the systemic financial risk that 

Because neither of them created the problem. The Great recession was just another land mine created by the Clinton administration that was handed off to subsequent presidents to try and clean up. Joe Parsons gives all the whys and hows for those who feel a need for that. Bush was already a lame duck by the time it came along, though he left decent plans in place to fix it. Obama couldn't leave those plans alone and ended up prolonging and deepening the crisis, but he was new, and only really good at projecting a sophomoric level of competence. It wasn't until fracking really started to shine de 

How many generations does average wealth last?
It depends. According to an Italian study - What’s your (sur)name? Intergenerational mobility over six centuries, those families which were rich in the Middle Ages, are likely to be rich even today, but those families which were poor in the Middle Ages, are likely to be poor. The often quoted “three generations” is a cliché. True, this thing happens: the first generation makes it, the second maintains it and third demolishes it, but far more common is that the fourth and subsequent generations are prosperous instead of poor. The main reason is that the wealth dilutes by generation. The first gen 

It depends on individual circumstances. But there do seem to be two typical progressions: One or two generations build wealth. There may be a first generation with limited success, but they may lay the groundwork for wealth. Then comes the key family member who becomes very successful and wealthy. But the next generation, who have been brought up to wealth, squander it and return to poverty. Or that generation realise that the wealth was hard earned and keeping it needs work. Successful businesses either expand or contract and die. If they do this, then the work ethic becomes ingrained and the fam 

Usually no more than 3 generations. Chances are slim to maintain family wealth for over a century. It has a reason for richest of the richest stay on the top of fortune list. Between 1982 and 1989, the Forbes list included 320 families, 30% of which are still on the list in 2011(only less than 30 years has passed, 70% of the original families disappeared on the top list). Most families that continue to be on the list have achieved long-term average annual growth rate of 6%, same for large listed companies. In other words, in order to exceed the long-term 6% growth rate, business families need to 

This is the key fundamental question to a lot of wealthy families and family offices. It has been studied over and over again through the family governance practice. The answer? It depends.   Full Disclosure: I spent the last 7 years in the financial services industry, more specifically within the wealth management arena. Over the last 7 years, I moved up the wealth management spectrum and went from the brokerage world (think of the Merrill Lynch's of the world), to the holistic financial planning niche, to the private banks and ultimately within the family office space.  There have been studies cite 

Easy question but not so easy to answer. It’s virtually impossible to put a figure on that. The answer to the question lies in how many generations continued to value EducationBasic values &amp; ethicsSkill buildingFlexibility, i.e. change with timesI think these are the 4 major cornerstones to manage wealth and build on it. Strong education is at the core foundation and adding values and ethics to someone’s character improves him/her further. If he continues to add skills on top of his education, like sports, art, etc. it enriches him further and provides him with a broader vision. Finally when he 

A recent article written by advisors to wealthy families discusses some of the common ways that family wealth is destroyed over multiple generations, as well as techniques to help prevent the destruction of family wealth over time:  Wealth management usually comes in two parts: financial planning to increase and manage your wealth, and estate planning to protect and pass the wealth along to heirs with as few taxes as possible. Unfortunately, 70% of family wealth is destroyed by the second generation, and family unity is destroyed right along with the wealth. After three generations, the loss of  

There is a general consensus here that wealth lasts three generations. I would like to explore the “why” part in this answer. Redistribution of wealth at death.Often times, the wealthy have numerous heirs-both children and grandchildren. This can greatly reduce the amount of money one gets. If you have 3 kids, and your kids have 3 kids and so on, by the 3rd generation, there are already 27 heirs. $100 million divided by 27 is less than $4 million-way less money than earlierEstate taxes eat up a big chunk of family wealth. Is it a bad thing? Not necessarily, but that’s not the question here. Wha

The reality is usually one to two, in America. Multi-generational wealth just isn’t a goal for people that I talk to. There is a perception that it increases inequality. I know of some people who feel like their children won’t have good values if they have access to higher wealth. Which is just plain foolish. Values and work ability are an individual choice. Someone with access to more resources just has more choices. I’ll take my multi-generational wealth as an example: My great grandfather was a general contractor, he moved to this state and started building commercial buildings. This enabled hi 

British experience observes that the first generation builds the wealth and the second builds on it but the third generation then wastes it all. Some notable families such as the Rothchilds, Guiness, Mars and Hiltons may buck the trend but that is probably because they are so large and well diversified they can absorb the occasional genetic hiccup. If you don't believe this then look at the English aristocracy. 100 years ago 100 families bestrode an Empire ( forgive the poetic licence and the alliteration ) Today they are in the main reduced to opening their stately homes as theme parks and ar 

Let’s say you have a $10M estate that you bequeath to your 3 kids. Say, each of your 3 kids have 3 children and they have 3 children each. So, you are left with 27 great grandchildren. Savings accounts today get lower than 1% return. For the sake of this discussion, assume there was no return on investment. Then, each of the great grandkids end up with about $400k which will put one kid through 4 years of private college. Even if some of the children and grandchildren did very well, it is likely to be a small number (a couple?). While these small number of descendants may do well, the rest are l 

Is it worth buying a Lamborghini or is there a fancier status symbol out there?
It’s not worth buying a new Lamborghini as a status symbol. Reading the comments, I see advice such as “buy an E63 Wagon” or “don’t buy any fancy cars at all” or “buy a Bugatti”. These are all bad ideas, as the way you expose yourself within wealthy/non-wealthy sects of society can leave you prone to being taken advantage of. Hence, I’m seeing a pattern within the comments here: people who don’t understand how many subsects of “wealth” there really are, nor how they’d spend their money. Nouveau Riche: This subset of wealth buys whatever is new and trendy (IE, an Aventador or a Huracan) in the hop

If you follow car culture closely, you will stumble upon Top Gear. The best Top Gear presenter is the original Top Gear trio, because they happen to be able to combine humour, car enthusiasm, and common sense. Having been immersed by Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond, and James May's education about cars, let me tell you what it is like owning a Lambo: It is a successful plumber's car. Just like Chevy Corvette in the US. That's how it is a status symbol among “elite crowds”. The rich sees other ostentatious impractical cars as simply “footballer's car”, those poor teens that grew up poor, skipped 

DON'T LISTEN TO THEM!! Saving money; Having a long term future; Economic independence— Puh-lease!!! We're talking about a Lambo!!!  I’ll bet my dollars to every other poster’s donuts that if they don’t recommend getting a Lambo that they’ve never heard a Lambo in the wild or seen a Lambo in person!! Bet— put your donuts up!! After I win then I’ll sell them donuts back to Dunkin’ and make money. Straight!! Caveat: they may not be “car people” is one other option There is NOTHING like it!!! I may own a Porsche 911 (I do…) and Lambo… Goodness. I still get goose bumps remembering the sound- 12 Stinking cyl 

Please read Ron Rule’s answer, also. I grew up in a small town, and worked for a few years at a grocery store in high school and college. There was a guy at the store who was a really nice guy, but very low IQ. Like, borderline retarded or high-functioning retarded. We’ll call him Joe. His aunt worked at the store and it ended up being his job to work there, too. And he learned more working there than whatever they had taught him in school. To give you an idea, he couldn’t tell time or read a clock when he started working, so they taught him to take his break when the longer hand was pointing st 

Lamborghinis are a very emotional choice. As far as a fancier status symbol, to me there is no firm answer because the people in the general public have different values and opinions on a car like a lambo. Personally, I love exotics, but I hate Lambos because of what makes them stand out. They are flashy and gaudy in my opinion, so to me it’s not a “status symbol” to me it looks like you just want attention and happen to have the means to buy one of the most attention drawing cars on the market. I prefer Aston Martins because they are more subtle and elegant. In my opinion, buy a brand of car be 

As someone that owns a Lamborghini I can tell you unequivocally that it is worth buying the car…. IF you are an enthusiast, and/or own a business that credibility is important and/or love the hilarious situations that you will find yourself whilst owning a lambo. Case and point, below you will see a local rapper that messaged me on Instagram asking to rent my Huracan Spyder for his video shoot. $4,000 and 3 hours later, I was able network with some awesome people in the music business which subsequently led to a joint purchase of a $3mm multi-family apartment complex. I also got to participate in 

Status symbol my ass! This car symbolize that you are a JACKASS! A truly pragmatic person would never purchase a Lamborghini. Here are a few reasons why: It is not a comfortable car, you are sitting just a few inches from the road surface. Getting in and out can seriously pull a muscle.The car offers very poor visibility. You can only see other Lamborghini drivers.A speed bump could damage your car beyond repair. You have to avoid them at all cost.It is a dry weather car. Very dangerous to drive if the weather is bad or foggy.Can only be driven from one safe location to another. Unpredictable scr

Is it worth buying a Lamborghini or is there a fancier status symbol out there? No, the truth is far simpler. The greatest status symbol, the gold standard of status symbols, is not one of these:  Or one of these:   Nor is it one of these:   It's definitely not one of these:  The greatest status symbol is this:  And this:  Sometimes it looks like this:  You can see it here:  Oh look, I see it here too:  It is called “The Truly Content Look”. It is the fanciest of all status symbols, it requires a lot of true grit, knowing true North, and it requires not having to look over your shoulder ever again. Because human bein 

There’s definitely a higher status than Lamborghini. At least a few. Fancier is an odd way to put it. Lamborghini isn’t really exactly a luxury car. It is a luxury but it’s not Fancy really. It’s kind of an odd choice for very wealthy fancy people. It’s more something I could see a blue collar person that climbed the ladder and became wealthy buying. Definitely not an old money type of vehicle. Fancy is more Maybach, Rolls Royce, Bugatti, G63. Im not saying Lamborghinis aren’t fancy to me by any means. It’s just too Gaudy to be considered Fancy when you’re speaking status symbols. And people o 

I really don’t think a Lamborghini is any kind of status symbol :))))A Lamborghini is just a car and pretty much anyone can own a Lambo. I mean NOT EVERYONE, but anyways, you can find used ones for about 50.000 dollars. So even if you buy the most exclusive Lamborghini which is about one million dollars with all the extras included you won’t impress me. And if you want to impress, a car is not a great choice. I am a car guy and I love cars, but JUST buying a Lamborghini doesn’t mean anything. You need to know more about cars, to build one or to have something custom to impress me. Because a st 

What is the best money advice?
For making money Get good at something. Then start your own business, rather than the other way aroundFocus on the 80/20 ruleFocus on leverageFocus on skills that aren’t easy to automateInvest in low-cost funds. It is the easiest way to get wealthy on a middle-class income.For saving money: 24 hour rule. If you want something, wait 1 day. Then buy it. This reduces needless impulse buys. You will find you will not buy 70% of these things if you wait.. Bulk buy when you see an offer. We all need toilet paper, tooth paste and other essentials.3). Don’t spend a high percentage of your income on rent 

I lately realized how much cash I save without being aware of it. What I do is... i have bank accounts, one of them is a saving account and every month I positioned a few cash on it no matter what. now and again I also spend money on gold.Calculate which ways are the most inexpensive. As an every day tea drinker, closing yr I realized with the gas fee in my u . s ., making the tea at the range changed into costing me more money than if I had an electrical tea maker, which I also use as a kettle. I save approximately $20 a month just with this.Recycling isn't always just right for the surroundin

My late grandfather lived a complete life. He died as a very happy man an 87. He was the most respected on our family. He was an epitome of planning. He planned his life so well that even major surprises which sprung up in front of him was dealt with relative ease. How could he do that!!! That was the biggest myth considering he had 4 children(3 daughters whom he had to get married), 11 siblings to take care of with absolutely no support from his parents. When I started working, i got my first salary of 5000 rupees (in 2005) which I spent till the last paise. He called me one day to his room and a 

Being cheap is not a character flaw. John Carnegie was once chided for stooping over in a dirty Pittsburgh street to pick up a coin. The real-life penny saved is a penny earned. Rich men are frugal to a fault. When I was a young attorney I used to go to the bank and get my paycheck cashed. Then I would take several crisp 20 dollar bills and drive around town exchanging them for 2 rolls of quarters. Purpose to find pre-1965 quarter dollars with high silver content. At the time they were worth several times face value. If you go to banks in farming communities, I am sure you would find old silver  

As a child, I always thought that money is of secondary importance and our family and friends always comes first. One day I had an argument with my father about money, that one should not prioritize money over friends and family, and he gave me the advice which I still remember Me: Dad! But you should not work so hard for money, money is not that important, family should come first. Dad: Yes family and friends are important, but money is equally important, because when u won’t be able to provide for your family, when you aren’t able to fulfill their wishes, they will start blaming you, even your 

“I’m rich! I’m making tons of money!” “You may feel rich, but you will never be wealthy!” I interrupted Pete who was expressing his joy after getting a new job. “What does that mean?” he asked with eyes wide open. I returned his question with a question. “What are you working for, Pete?” “Uhh, Hector! Obviously I’m working for money! I want money! Show me the money! I want to have lots and lots of money!” “Well, Pete, if you’re working for MONEY, if your goal is accumulating MONEY, you will NEVER be wealthy!” I said. “WHAT? You are wrong, Hector! I’m accumulating MONEY! I work, for money, that’s why 

Money! It is difficult to understand the advice's on money or I would rather say it is difficult to make any one understand about how to use money, because it all varies from person to person’s expenditures and income. You can just give tips or to do follow pointers related to money! A person can share their experience about what is the best advice to save or grow money in short span of time .It all depends on every individual about using their hard-core income. I will further share about my tips or my way or saving money: Money comes as a salary in your account and gets distributed in various st

Focus on making money not saving it- When you look at the financial spectrum, most of us are barely scratching the surface of what’s possible. There are a million different ways that you can make substantial improvements to your income, there are only a few limited ways to save money. If you work and average job that pays $50,000 per year, that maximum you can save is $50,000 (far less after taxes), to even save half of this amount would take extreme discipline and careful planning every single day, depriving yourself of anything extra that cost money. Alternatively there are many different wa

After three years of work, my friend at work told me he had saved $20,000. He told me it happens automatically into his savings from his paycheck. I looked at my statements and there were hundreds of dollars unaccounted for last month, no doubt spent on “women, wine and song”. I started doing what he was doing. Save when you are young to get the benefit of compounding. https://www.fool.com/knowledge-center/compound-interest.aspx I have always kept a fund called a fu*k you fund where I could leave a company if I so desired and go to another. Keep a budget, many templates online. Know your expenses 

Don't call expenses “investments.” An expense is something that predictably loses value over time. Even if it is used to increase earning potential, it is still an expense. That new car is not an investment. Even if it enables you to get a better job, or if it is required by your company so you'll present a better image to your customers, it's still an expense. It's something you buy to increase your earning power, but because it depreciates in value it is an expense. An investment is something you purchase with the expectation of increasing value, such that you may liquidate (sell) it later on,  

How do you model for local volatility surface corresponding to the implied volatility surface (local volatility, quant)?
What is your biggest financial regret?
Do executive producers in films play a part in content or finance? What’s their contribution to a film?
If you could force everyone to learn one thing about personal finance, what would that be?
The below excerpt is from my blog post, The Common Money Mistakes You Need to Avoid Completely It is inevitable that during your lifetime of getting your finances together, you’re going to make some money mistakes. Sometimes they will be pretty significant, other times they are just common money mistakes everyone makes at one point in their lives. Either way, we are all human. Below are some of the money mistakes you need to avoid and even some mistakes I made as well. But these are all important for people to learn in personal finance. 1. Buying a new car too soon While I’m generally putting these 

One thing ? That would be to buy every month presious methals. 4. Another piece of advice I always give is to buy 1 ounce of PHYSICAL silver each month and keep it until the day you retire. In the long run you will have profits. You will not easily sell the silver for other purposes (very important), so you will have your own retirement capital, even if it is a relatively small sum of money. If you are 20 years of age, you have lived for 240 months and you should have 240 ounces of physical silver. One ounce of silver costs now more or less $20, so you should not feel the buy in your budget, ev 

 I've made some terrible investment mistakes in my life. I've bought bad properties, bad stocks and invested in bad loans. But the absolute worst investment I ever made was buying a car. Here is why; Let's go back to 1996. I actually had a car that was handed from a family member. It was old and lacked working AC but otherwise it worked well. I wanted something more modern with working AC, so as soon as I got a promotion I bought a brand new car. I was 21 years old. The investment; Car $17,000 -$5,000 trade = $12,000 Loan cost (interest) $5000 Taxes $1500 Insurance (additional) $1000/ year. The new c 

I talk with a couple, mid fifties, who want to retire early. They don’t have near enough. When I point this out I immediately drop on their list of most fun people. They respond, “Yeah, we’re getting serious about it now. Save maybe 20%.” “Sounds great. But early retirement looks more like 70,” I respond. I’m conducting a 401k enrollment meeting in the midst of the Great Recession. A young man, early thirties, asks, “I cashed out. When is it safe to get back in?” “I don’t know what safe looks like but I’d buy in while it’s low rather than high,” I answer. A woman just retired meets with me. She says 

Spend less than you make-no matter how little money you think you make. Even if you start out by just investing the cost of a pizza! It’s easier to do if you set up automatic withdrawals from your checking account same date as your paycheck direct deposit. Save your money in a Roth IRA invested in diversified mutual funds that grow overtime, beat inflation, and have tax-free withdrawals. (Also, contributions are able to be withdrawn if a needed- but only do this as a last resort- you’re saving, remember?) Don’t make excuses to yourself that you can’t afford to save right now. Yes you can. Look  

Keep a strict check on how much you have vs how much you spend. I have seen some really bright people with high income earning capacity always drowning in debt because they always exceed what they earn . it's not really a smart move but hello!! You better have a sound sleep at night rather than a constant worry of how to pay back what you owe especially after the interest rate that eats you up. Please make sure you prioritize the necessities first and i would definitely force to save at least 20% of the income &amp; it doesn't matter in which form. My daughter is 11 and she gets 2$ per chore that sh 

I wouldn’t force anyone to learn anything. However, one thing I would encourage everyone to learn about is the power of compounding interest over time. This is an important concept for both savers and borrowers. There is a rule of thumb called the rule of 72 or sometimes the rule of 70. This back of the envelope technique allows you to quickly estimate the doubling time of anything growing at a compound rate. If you divide the compound interest rate into 72 (or 70), you will get a pretty good estimate of the time an investment or a debt will take to double. So at a compound rate of 3.5%, it will 

Ok, if its only one thing? Live beneath your means. And here the others: Understand the difference between mandatory spending and discretionary spending. Mandatory spending equals the bills you have to pay every month, such as a car loan, mortgage, the electric bill, food, etc. Discretionary spending is everything else that we blow our money on.Pay yourself first. That is the saying anyway. After you make a budget, force yourself to save some of that extra cash before you blow it on a bunch of wasteful discretionary items. How you save is up for debate (savings account, retirement account, payin

That it is possible to become a millionaire on a middle-class income, and most of the millionaires are actually middle or upper-middle class. Moreover, many celebrities young people idolize have been broke, or are broke. I would recommend this book:  Or if you don't like reading watch the Minimalists on Netflix or the FIRE movement online. It is easy to become wealthy and/or retire early if you: watch your spending habitsdon’t let emotions dictate your emotions towards investinghave at least a middle incomeIn comparison if you have a high-income, but have awful spending and/or investing habits, you 

Make mistakes early. This is the equivalent of “fail fast” in the Startup Strategy. There are two main reasons why this is important: (i) if you make mistakes when you are young you have enough time to recover and (ii) you probably don’t have much money when you are young so it will be a small loss. I have made a bunch of mistakes early on. At 22, I got a Porsche convertible that costed more than my annual salary - I learned about credit. I carried high interest rates in credit cards as an undergraduate - I learned about interest. I spent ridiculous sums of money getting tables at the hottest clubs 

What screams "I make terrible financial decisions!"?
Let’s say you decide to go on an 8-week adventure trip in an alien country. Your goal is to experience the best it has to offer, but also enjoy your entire stay with as little trouble as possible. You buy a bunch of suppliesYou get a limited amount of currency that you can exchange for more food, rides or other necessities along the way.You don’t know the language, and decide to learn it when you get there.A little research shows you this attractive mountain town that has amazing views and good lodgings. You decide you want to spend at least 2 weeks there before your trip is over. You’re not su 

Working in accounting you’d think that people would be somewhat decent with finances, but nope, they’re normal people, just like the rest of us. I’ll look at this from the perspective of people who make an average income, and not in terms of people who can afford luxury without needing to complain about not having money afterwards. Examples: -When Ireland went into lockdown at the start of March, most people moved back home to work remotely. However, because they thought that it’d be over soon, they kept on renting their rooms in Dublin. And rented. And rented. You’d think that after 2–3 months 

Rephrasing the question to “What can be considered a poor financial decision?”: Using debt (credit) to pay for consumables (i.e. non-appreciative assets). For example: holiday trips, a laptop/smartphone, etc. Debt/leverage should be used to maximize returns, and that is only possible if the asset you are investing in is appreciating in time. (*) (**)Buying new luxury cars. Luxury cars will depreciate in value (approximately their VAT, which in my country is 19%) as soon as you take the vehicle out of the store. (***)Keeping your money either stored at home or frozen in your bank account. That m

I should have seen it from the first 3 months of my last relationship. I was a victim of the economy for years, but I always made sure I had enough to eat and a roof over my head. I was one of the only millennials out there that didn’t live with his parents at any point between 2010 and 2016. I bought $500 beaters, I shopped with coupons, and I lived in a crap neighborhood. When I moved into a different job market, I suddenly went from making 16k a year to 35k a year almost overnight, so I felt like I was doing ok. I still actually live in the 16k mindset though, just with a much nicer truck. (n 

 What screams “I make terrible financial decisions!”? Owning a new car. Hands down. If you're not wealthy, you should absolutely never buy a new car. Ever. Many answers to this question have mentioned fancy cars, but I think it applies to even relatively more affordable ones like the Toyota Camry pictured above. I'm going to explain why. Cars are Depreciating Assets If you buy a new car, it will lose a lot of its value the moment you drive it off the lot. This is the famous “Lemons problem,” which simply means that if you buy a new car and try to sell it soon thereafter, buyers will infer from your 

So many good answers, so I'll try not to duplicate. In my experience and view there are few things that stand out. Let me first share that I have changed my own lifestyle over the last couple of years and that I am answering from a European perspective. My grandmother always told me that you can really see how well of somebody is by the contents of their fridge, I kinda took that lesson. Anyways here we go. Some poor financial decisions that I notice Buy now-Pay Later: we all know these type of offers on mostly electronics, fridges. I have done this only once. My father commented: if you don't hav

I can speak from the perspective of a twenty something year old woman who has seen peers and herself make some terrible financial decisions. Living Above Your Means Example 1 When I first graduated, I knew a few peers who had enough money for a down payment on a condo so they went for it and bought a place. That’s great isn’t it? However they forgot about the fact that they had heavy monthly mortgages when their pay was only 35k a year. I know that because of this a few of them had to sell their places rather quickly and take the move of shame back to their family home. Example 2 Buying expensive c 

Before I continue with this, I want to make it clear that this comes with the caveat that you never really know someone’s financial situation. And some of these require more than a cursory glance - many times it takes sustained observation to really know if it is a signifier of bad financial decisions or a one-off purchase in an otherwise frugal lifestyle. In other words, so much of this is situational. Dining out: Once in a while, it’s fine. But when you see someone constantly dining out, I assume they haven’t taught themselves to cook even a simple meal and are spending far more than they nee 

The below excerpt is from my blog post, The Common Money Mistakes You Need to Avoid Completely It is inevitable that during your lifetime of getting your finances together, you’re going to make some money mistakes. 1. Buying a new car too soon While I’m generally putting these in no particular order, this one is first because it came to my head right away. Why? I’m guilty of committing this money mistake. I’ve seen numerous debates about buying used compared to new cars. In all honesty, it’s your choice what to do here. We all know about depreciation and how fast new cars lose right off the lot, but 

Not just terrible financial decisions, but terrible “investing” decisions and I am not just talking about investing in the monetary sense. Here’s what: When you study worthless majors in university, racking up six-figures in student loan debt and only to ask yourself, why you are in debt and cannot find a well-paying job?When you prioritize your spending habits to having the nicest car possible, masking your insecurities—one of the greatest depreciating types of assets out there.When you barely have savings, yet dropping $400 on Jordan Brand shoes (FYI, I am one of the greatest Jordan fans out t

Is it worth buying a Lamborghini or is there a fancier status symbol out there?
It’s not worth buying a new Lamborghini as a status symbol. Reading the comments, I see advice such as “buy an E63 Wagon” or “don’t buy any fancy cars at all” or “buy a Bugatti”. These are all bad ideas, as the way you expose yourself within wealthy/non-wealthy sects of society can leave you prone to being taken advantage of. Hence, I’m seeing a pattern within the comments here: people who don’t understand how many subsects of “wealth” there really are, nor how they’d spend their money. Nouveau Riche: This subset of wealth buys whatever is new and trendy (IE, an Aventador or a Huracan) in the hop

If you follow car culture closely, you will stumble upon Top Gear. The best Top Gear presenter is the original Top Gear trio, because they happen to be able to combine humour, car enthusiasm, and common sense. Having been immersed by Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond, and James May's education about cars, let me tell you what it is like owning a Lambo: It is a successful plumber's car. Just like Chevy Corvette in the US. That's how it is a status symbol among “elite crowds”. The rich sees other ostentatious impractical cars as simply “footballer's car”, those poor teens that grew up poor, skipped 

DON'T LISTEN TO THEM!! Saving money; Having a long term future; Economic independence— Puh-lease!!! We're talking about a Lambo!!!  I’ll bet my dollars to every other poster’s donuts that if they don’t recommend getting a Lambo that they’ve never heard a Lambo in the wild or seen a Lambo in person!! Bet— put your donuts up!! After I win then I’ll sell them donuts back to Dunkin’ and make money. Straight!! Caveat: they may not be “car people” is one other option There is NOTHING like it!!! I may own a Porsche 911 (I do…) and Lambo… Goodness. I still get goose bumps remembering the sound- 12 Stinking cyl 

Please read Ron Rule’s answer, also. I grew up in a small town, and worked for a few years at a grocery store in high school and college. There was a guy at the store who was a really nice guy, but very low IQ. Like, borderline retarded or high-functioning retarded. We’ll call him Joe. His aunt worked at the store and it ended up being his job to work there, too. And he learned more working there than whatever they had taught him in school. To give you an idea, he couldn’t tell time or read a clock when he started working, so they taught him to take his break when the longer hand was pointing st 

Lamborghinis are a very emotional choice. As far as a fancier status symbol, to me there is no firm answer because the people in the general public have different values and opinions on a car like a lambo. Personally, I love exotics, but I hate Lambos because of what makes them stand out. They are flashy and gaudy in my opinion, so to me it’s not a “status symbol” to me it looks like you just want attention and happen to have the means to buy one of the most attention drawing cars on the market. I prefer Aston Martins because they are more subtle and elegant. In my opinion, buy a brand of car be 

As someone that owns a Lamborghini I can tell you unequivocally that it is worth buying the car…. IF you are an enthusiast, and/or own a business that credibility is important and/or love the hilarious situations that you will find yourself whilst owning a lambo. Case and point, below you will see a local rapper that messaged me on Instagram asking to rent my Huracan Spyder for his video shoot. $4,000 and 3 hours later, I was able network with some awesome people in the music business which subsequently led to a joint purchase of a $3mm multi-family apartment complex. I also got to participate in 

Status symbol my ass! This car symbolize that you are a JACKASS! A truly pragmatic person would never purchase a Lamborghini. Here are a few reasons why: It is not a comfortable car, you are sitting just a few inches from the road surface. Getting in and out can seriously pull a muscle.The car offers very poor visibility. You can only see other Lamborghini drivers.A speed bump could damage your car beyond repair. You have to avoid them at all cost.It is a dry weather car. Very dangerous to drive if the weather is bad or foggy.Can only be driven from one safe location to another. Unpredictable scr

Is it worth buying a Lamborghini or is there a fancier status symbol out there? No, the truth is far simpler. The greatest status symbol, the gold standard of status symbols, is not one of these:  Or one of these:   Nor is it one of these:   It's definitely not one of these:  The greatest status symbol is this:  And this:  Sometimes it looks like this:  You can see it here:  Oh look, I see it here too:  It is called “The Truly Content Look”. It is the fanciest of all status symbols, it requires a lot of true grit, knowing true North, and it requires not having to look over your shoulder ever again. Because human bein 

There’s definitely a higher status than Lamborghini. At least a few. Fancier is an odd way to put it. Lamborghini isn’t really exactly a luxury car. It is a luxury but it’s not Fancy really. It’s kind of an odd choice for very wealthy fancy people. It’s more something I could see a blue collar person that climbed the ladder and became wealthy buying. Definitely not an old money type of vehicle. Fancy is more Maybach, Rolls Royce, Bugatti, G63. Im not saying Lamborghinis aren’t fancy to me by any means. It’s just too Gaudy to be considered Fancy when you’re speaking status symbols. And people o 

I really don’t think a Lamborghini is any kind of status symbol :))))A Lamborghini is just a car and pretty much anyone can own a Lambo. I mean NOT EVERYONE, but anyways, you can find used ones for about 50.000 dollars. So even if you buy the most exclusive Lamborghini which is about one million dollars with all the extras included you won’t impress me. And if you want to impress, a car is not a great choice. I am a car guy and I love cars, but JUST buying a Lamborghini doesn’t mean anything. You need to know more about cars, to build one or to have something custom to impress me. Because a st 

Should Wall Street Bets be shut down?
Which is a better investment, Decentraland MANA or Sandbox Sand?
Why is a positive cash flow important?
Who are the most notorious hedge fund managers?
What's the biggest mistake that stock market investors make?
In my experience, the biggest mistake stock market investors make is they have no idea how to evaluate a stock. The reason most retail investors (+90% according to some estimates) lose money is they don’t understand the fundamentals of what they’re investing in. People spend more time researching the purchase of a new car than they do putting the same amount of money (or more) into buying stocks. They buy shares in firms whose names they recognize, brands they like, or dubious stock tips they saw on TV or read about online. They chase investing trends and “hot stocks” because they have a fear o 

As a professional investor, I am consistently amazed at the “expert” recommendations bandied about the internet. Most of these “expert” recommendations are naive and foolish, so rather than build a more academic list (which I have done before) I am going to take this opportunity to fight back against these dangerous and foolish “recommendations”! 1. Investing in IPOs.Let’s be VERY clear about what an initial public offering is NOT. It is NOT “the ground floor” of a company. The ground floor was the Series A investment by the Venture Capital firms. You are not getting in on the “ground floor” w 

A famous story about stock market :-Once upon a time in a small town, there were two brothers. They used to sell “Fuchkaa”. They were earning good amount of money for their daily expenses. One day, One man passed by their stalls. He met these two brothers and talked to them. He told them an idea to become a millionaire. Both brothers were on cloud 9. They wanted to listen the idea. So, they requested him to tell the idea in details. He agreed but wanted 30% in return of what they would earn profits. They agreed and deal was done. Name of brothers were : Prem and Prakash. And, let’s say his na 

Here are my views about common mistakes to avoid while building an investment portfolio. Making portfolio work for us Do not put all eggs in one basket – so goes an old investment saying. While aiming for rewards, risks need to be managed too. Diversifying risks with a portfolio is what all of us (including the big fund managers) do but there are few aspects (learned hard way) which help us get make portfolio perform better. Portfolio theory is as old as investment theory itself. I am not intending to change anything there but I would like to touch upon practical aspects and some of the best prac 

Short answer: lack exit plan. The only soldiers who go to combat w/o an exit plan are Kamikaze. They don’t need one because they expect to die. Unfortunately so do a lot of market participants. The apparent simplicity of the answer hides sophisticated concepts that can be broken down in two part: statistical and psychological trading edge I Statistical trading edge A Stock picking is overrated Most market participants believe that stock picking is the alpha and omega of alpha generation. Stock picking is merely everything that precedes entry. It excludes bet size and exit. Unfortunately, stock pic 

Hi, There are a lot of people that believe stock market is a speculation market, or gambling, if you may. But if you ask a professional, they will tell you completely otherwise. No doubt there is a little bit of speculation involved, but it is more about fundamentals and rules that you must rely on in order to succeed in stock market. Most people fail because they trade as gamblers. I am going to list a few other reasons hereon, kindly read below: No StoplossesPeople fail to realise the importance of stoplosses. For the uninitiated, stop loss in a trade is the lower limit that you can set while b 

Nobody gets investing right all the time. Even successful investors and experienced traders have to shake off common mistakes now and then. Because it’s next to impossible to avoid mistakes completely, successful practitioners learn from their missteps to minimize them in the future. The good news is that most of these mistakes can be avoided simply through awareness. We will take a look at the most common mistakes here: Lacking The Confidence To Get Started This is a mistake I made early on. Before I started investing on my own, I had a money manager who invested my money in mutual funds. I didn’ 

The biggest mistake investors make is that they tend to do things at the wrong time, and often the worst possible time. That’s a phrasing of the phenomenon that I borrowed from Marc Faber, but the following thoughts are my own. Martin Armstrong talks about one Japanese client he had who became interested in Armstrong’s work (Armstrong called the 1989 high pretty much to the day). The client had never invested in stocks before, but somehow was persuaded by an argument that seasonality meant the market would always go up during a certain period, and he ended up buying the high (and my guess is no 

Thanks for the A2A. It depends on the type of investor: Day Traders These are people who know nothing and know they know nothing, but still want to play the market. They are constantly brainwashed by Wall St, CNBC, financial advisors, discount brokers, Forex platforms, YouTube channels, etc. After all the media bombardment and reading candlestick patterns these poor souls start to think that they have figured out what to do. They become delusional and make the mistake of thinking that a guy at home in his pajamas can consistently make profits and compete with major Investment Banks , High-Frequen 

Gamboling in the markets is in equal parts an enterprise involving right psychology, right skills and right information. While there is help to counter the lack of information, psychology and skill sets are investors’ to manage. Following are some of the common investor missteps: Myth: Stock market is only about data and information. It requires first-degree decision making (I look at data in absolutes and take a decision)Sentiment. Stock market runs on it. The emotions of the millions of investors is the fuel that powers this big, bad engine. Investors, who believe that we live in a world run b 

If someone has no experience investing money, what is your advice on the first steps they should do prior to investing and early on in investing?
Making your first investment can feel like a daunting prospect. Memories of the global financial crisis — and subsequent market dips — hang heavy for savers, particularly those who came of age during the 2008 downturn. Multiple studies point to millennials’ and Gen Z’s skepticism toward investing: One Bankrate report found that just 23% of those between 18 and 37 years of age saw the stock market as the best long-term money store. That’s compared to 33% of Gen X (those between 38 and 52 years old) and 38% of baby boomers (people between 54 and 74 years old). But with low, and in some places negat 

If you are paying someone for investment advice, make sure they are at least equally exposed to the risk they are advertising to you if they are not you have no guarantee that they are not just bullshitting you. For more see e.g. Skin in the Game (book)Skin in the Game: Hidden Asymmetries in Daily Life (acronymed: SITG) is a 2018 nonfiction book by Nassim Nicholas Taleb , a former options trader with a background in the mathematics of probability and statistics . Taleb's thesis is that skin in the game —i.e., having a measurable risk when taking a major decision—is necessary for fairness, commercial efficiency, and risk management, as well as being necessary to understand the world. [1] The book is part of Taleb's multi-volume philosophical essay on uncertainty, titled the Incerto , which also includes Fooled by Randomness (2001), The Black Swan (2007–2010), The Bed of Procrustes (2010–2016), and Antifragile (2012). The book is dedicated to "two men of courage": Ron Paul , [2] "a Roman among Greeks"; and Ralph Nader , [3] "Greco-Phoenician saint". [4] [5] Asymmetry and missing incentives Edit If an actor pockets some rewards from a policy they enact or support without accepting any of the risks, economists consider it to be a problem of "missing incentives". In contrast, to Taleb, the problem is more fundamentally one of asymmetry: one actor gets the rewards, the other is stuck with the risks. [1] Taleb argues that "For social justice, focus on symmetry and risk sharing. You cannot make profits and transfer the risks to others, as bankers and large corporations do... Forcing skin in the game corrects this asymmetry better than thousands of laws and regulations." [6] [7] [8] The centrality of negative incentives Edit Actors - per Taleb - must bear a cost when they fail the public. A fund manager that gets a percentage on wins, but no penalty for losing is incentivized to gamble with his clients funds. Bearing no downside for one's actions means that one has no "Skin In The Game", which is the source of many evils. An evolutionary process is an additional argument for SITG. Those who err and have SITG will not survive, hence evolutionary processes will eliminate (physically or figuratively by going bankrupt etc) those tending to do stupid things. Without SITG, this process cannot work. Robert Rubin , a highly-paid director and senior advisor at Citigroup , paid no financial penalty when Citigroup had to be rescued by U.S. taxpayers due to overreach . [7] Taleb calls this sort of a trade, with upside gain but no or limited downside risk, a "Bob Rubin trade." [9] Many war hawks don't themselves bear any risks of dying in a war they advocate. Intellectual Yet Idiot Edit Intellectual Yet Idiot (IYI) is a term coined by Nassim Nicholas Taleb in his essay by the same name that refers to the semi-intelligent well-pedigreed  "who are telling us 1) what to do, 2) what to eat, 3) how to speak, 4) how to think… and 5) who to vote for". They represent a very small minority of people but have an overwhelming impact on the vast majority because they affect government policy. IYI are often policy makers, academics, journalists, and media pundits. The IYI pathologizes others for doing things he doesn't understanhttps://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Skin_in_the_Game_(book) If you think you can trade with leverage, only by looking at prices and guessing price movements, go and get some historical data from e.g. alphavantage, write a program in which you can, buy and sell in real time -simulated using historical data. API Documentation | Alpha VantageAlpha Vantage APIs are grouped into four categories: (1) Time Series Stock APIs, (2) Fundamental Data, (3) Physical and Digital/Crypto Currencies (e.g., Bitcoin), and (4) Technical Indicators. Examples in this documentation are for demo purposes. Claim your free API key today to explore our full API offerings! Technical Indicators Technical indicator APIs for a given equity or currency exchange pair, derived from the underlying time series based stock API and forex data. All indicators are calculated from adjusted time series data to eliminate artificial price/volume perturbations from historical split and dividend events. SMA High Usage This API returns the simple moving average (SMA) values. See also: Investopedia article and mathematical reference . API Parameters ❚ Required: function The technical indicator of your choice. In this case, function=SMA ❚ Required: symbol The name of the security of your choice. For example: symbol=IBM ❚ Required: interval Time interval between two consecutive data points in the time series. The following values are supported: 1min , 5min , 15min , 30min , 60min , daily , weekly , monthly ❚ Required: time_period Number of data points used to calculate each moving average value. Positive integers are accepted (e.g., time_period=60 , time_period=200 ) ❚ Required: series_type The desired price type in the time series. Four types are supported: close , open , high , low ❚ Optional: datatype By default, datatype=json . Strings json and csv are accepted with the following specifications: json returns the daily time series in JSON format; csv returns the time series as a CSV (comma separated value) file. ❚ Required: apikey Your API key. Claim your free API key here . Examples (click for JSON output) Equity: https://www.alphavantage.co/query? function =SMA&amp; symbol =IBM&amp; interval =weekly&amp; time_period =10&amp; series_type =open&amp; apikey =demo Forex (FX) or cryptocurrency pair: https://www.alphavantage.co/query? function =SMA&amp; symbol =USDEUR&amp; interval =weekly&amp; time_period =10&amp; series_type =open&amp; apikey =demo EMA High Usage This API returns the exponential moving average (EMA) values. See also: mathematical reference . API Parameters ❚ Required: function The technical indicator of your choice. In this case, function=EMA ❚ Required: symbol The name of the security of your choice. For example: symbol=IBM ❚ Required: interval Time interval between two consecutive data points in the time series. The following values are supported: 1min , 5min , 15min , 30min , 60min , daily , weekly , monthly ❚ Required: time_period Number of data points used to calculate each moving average value. Positive integers are accepted (e.g., time_period=60 , time_period=200 ) ❚ Required: series_type The desired price type in the time series. Four types are supported: close , open , high , low ❚ Optional: datatype By default, datatype=json . Strings json and csv are accepted with the following specifications: json returns the daily time series in JSON formahttps://www.alphavantage.co/documentation/ Include spread and commission (look up prices). You wi 

It takes a lot of time to do strategic investing by yourself, so first check that it is something you want to do. People can park money in an ETF index fund like VOO, and do just fine. The below info is just what I did, and it worked well for me. There are free university- taught investment classes on Coursera for beginners that you should take (links below). You'll also want to use the courses to develop your financial literacy, so you are not depending on someone else for all your analysis. I would buy a textbook on investment, so you can see the many different forms your investment portfolio  

Regardless of whether you’re just starting to invest or you’ve been at it for several years, I believe the important ways to learn include books, experience, and mentors (in no particular order of priority). BooksBooks are not just meant to be read and digested passively. Make sure to read actively—highlight, take notes, and most importantly, APPLY what you read.Knowledge is not power; application is power!One of my favorite books when I first began investing is called The Most Important Thing by Howard Marks. It gives you good fundamentals for investing without too much complicated inves

Don’t trade, don’t practice trading, and don’t go over most books. I read various things for many years before stepping into the market. The most important thing I learned is that most people don’t know what the hell they’re talking about. Analysts will frequently get things extremely wrong. Look at analysts giving AMD and Netflix sell ratings in 2011–2013. Netflix was trading at around $10 a share and AMD was going bankrupt at $2–5 a share. These aren’t records that are off by a small margin of error or by a standard deviation. These companies trade at 50 times their share price between 2011–201 

Realistically, you can avoid most of the pitfalls of investing by: Reading and implementingDelegating to somebody who knows what they are doingWhat is the biggest reasons why investors, newbies and even experts fail? Lack of knowledge? Lack of ideas? No! Lack of implementation, especially during the bad periods. Emotional control is difficult in those periods. Let me make a comparison. If you go to medical school and study nutrition in your spare time, it doesn’t guarantee success in terms of weight and health. Only self-control can do that. That self-control gets harder after bad life events such 

Exhale. View it as a money garden that’s easy to grow. Buy a US index fund. That’s it. As Warren Buffett said, buy the index, up or down and if it’s down, try to buy more and don’t try to dance in and out.  Warren Buffett thinks the 'elite' have wasted $100 billion ignoring his best investment advice "Over the years, I've often been asked for investment advice, and in the process of answering I've learned a good deal about human behavior," Buffett said in the letter. "My regular recommendation has been a low-cost S&amp;P 500 index fund," he said. "To their credit, my friends who possess only modest means 

It depends on the individual. Everybody has different risk tolerance ,it depends on how ready you are to take a risk. I have seeing clients without investment experience throwing $100k on a Trade,whereas i have also seeing traders with low risk tolerance. So its on the individual. (1). The Risk tolerance of the individual is Number one for me (2). Getting a mentor or a coach (just like a start up business) (3). Try to connect with other Students of your mentor or coach You can either Trade for yourself or assign it to your mentor or coach(most usually charge up to 30% as commission). I have mentorshi 

Do not consume more than you produce. I repeat. Do not consume more than you produce. Attune yourself to your limited means. Do this, first. Become stronger, than yourself. Understand that order precedes expansion. Example- I do not go to the grocery store, until not some, not most, but all of the food in my home has been consumed and I am a wealthy man.The rational man is investing not “in the stock market” but into a well thought out, predetermined, goal, no differently than a football team is when they have the ball and are moving down the field. The rational man is moving purposefully from

I believe the first thing you should do is to learn about investing, particularly the kind of investment you want to get into. Education and information will be key to ensuring you put your money on the right investments. You can read books, watch videos, attend seminars, or find mentors who know more about the investment that you want to get into. Once you have enough knowledge and information about investing, you should first start small. Invest with money that you can afford to lose. Regardless of how much information or knowledge you have, do know that there are still risks involved in inve 

How do I make money with 50,000 dollars?
What is your biggest financial regret?
I was in the baggage claim area of the airport wearing my university sweater. I was approached by this well dressed guy who mentioned to me that he was an alumnus and volunteered to offer me a ride back as it was on his way. This was 2011 and I was a masters student and perennially short of cash. 80$ odd for a cab ride was a huge expense back then. I accepted. For the good or bad, I have always been skeptical and was immediately wary of this person. He drove a flashy red Mercedes coupe and casually apologized (bragged) about the lack of trunk space for my bags. He spoke a lot on the ride over to 

Not using my biggest asset since I started working, which was TIME. First off, I started with a major that didn’t get me paid that well. I did really well for my degree, and maybe because of that started off with a decent salary, but I stayed in the field. I stayed and stayed and just waited for the yearly increment, not striving to better myself at the current job, didn’t get any promotion, never mind job-hop to find a better place (hard for my field and even worse for my country). In hindsight, a better alternative was to jump to a different field – it should’ve been much easier given that I wa 

My biggest financial regret? Well, I have four. Avoiding these mistakes could have made me a lot more money- and with less stress.  #1 Not delaying gratification With discipline and time, I think most people can accumulate far more wealth than they think is possible. But growing wealth requires change- which is precisely why most people don’t make the effort. Be willing to delay gratification. Some decisions are relatively small: Dropping a subscription music service and just listening to the free version (Pandora, for example).Making coffee at home two days a week, which means that you stop by Star

“Invested 6,00,000 rupees (9000$) at age of 19 in multi-level level marketing business” For how and why ~ below is little lengthy answer: A little long story but worth reading it as it’s one of a kind! One that you might have and will never come across. This is a story of a 19-year-old, headstrong guy. Oh yeah, that’s me - 9 years back. I always wonder how I overcame that whole situation (You will feel the same while reading this). Sometimes I laugh at myself recollecting this experience and when I share my doings with my friends. It was my sophomore year (2nd year) in college studying mechanical 

Those days I have been trying hard to get a job, I tried every way to earn money, Cause at that time only my Wife had a job. That’s the time I came across this Online Binary Options trading, the online gambling thing. It seemed like an very easy money. So I started with $20 and lost it in no time. Tried different strategies, followed so called gurus, I didn’t give up, every time I lose I used my wife’s credit cards(without her knowledge) to invest atleast to get back the loses. I win, I lose, I win, I lose and in the end I always lose all the money. From $20 I reached to a stage of investing u 

I started working in 2010 with salary of 7000 Rs. I was living in PG and using bus. Slowly i started changing company and my salary keep on increasing but i did some mistake because of which i could not able to save anything till 2018. Shopping. Being girl i always like shopping buying new dress , shoes etc. When i was studying i use to depend of parents to give money for this. But once i started earning i was free for this so i started spending money on this.Eating out. When my bf at that time (later husband) moved to same city where i was working we both use to eat outside a lot and of-course 

Four main mistakes. Invested in LIC Mutual find. I invested 1.8 lakh in this MF, and after 10 years, got 1.7 lakh. I should have got a lot much more with an FD.I bought a land at hometown when the land rates were very high. I was onsite and my father purchased for me. The land price in fact depreciated after 8 years.Invested in the shared based on sales agent's advice and based on the advices in media by financial experts. I lost money on all such shares. But when I spent time reading about the company performance and researched on the fundamentals of the companies, and invested with long term 

My biggest financial regret is buying a used car after getting my first salary. I moved to Hyderabad and felt this is a nice city to drive in I should go for it. Since I had kust moved there were not many trusted people to reach out to. Anyways I ended up finding a dealer and at some point he showed me a used car for 2l rupees, which I found appealing and thought let's drive around in this for atleast a year or 2. So I bought it! Now starts the trouble, I shared the accomodation with a few people so didn't get a proper parking, so I parked the car right outside the fence of my building. Now crow 

This happened to me back in 2016. I'm an salaried person from middle class background, and at the time of this incident, I was 29. I'm too conservative in nature and so is my wife. We (me and my wife) had a saving of around Rs. 7.5 lakh together at the time of wedding. In next one year, we saved some more money and in total we had 11 lakh. This was all we had, no other assets, bank balance, shares, FDs, nothing at all. This is really a very big amount for us. A new co-operative credit society, having head office in Nashik (Maharashtra) had open their new office in Nagpur that time. They offered 

Hi, There is not one but 2 big mistakes I made. We sold a land in 2014 because of financial needs in business.we sold it for 50 lacs where market rate was 75 lacs.we were desperate need of fund so we took decision to sale land to 50 lacs because one person offered us to pay 50 lacs immediately.we got money &amp; used 15lacs in business &amp; remaining amount invested in construction company.company was well known &amp;we trusted the company blindly ,invested entire remaining amount with them now.that was worst decision we took to place all eggs in one basket.that company is bankrupt now &amp; I lost 35 lac rs s

Where can I invest into cryptocurrency with good returns?
What is the role of patience in the stock market investing?
What should we know about short-term cryptocurrency investment in 2021?
What is cryptocurrency, and is it a safe investment?
 Cryptocurrencies are decentralized digital assets that have taken the world by storm. However, as financial instruments, they are poorly understood and the general lack of awareness has prevented their mainstream adoption. We assess if cryptocurrencies are truly a shortcut to becoming rich and worthwhile investment options. We delve into the finer nuances of how cryptocurrencies function and the opportunity that they present for investors. Here are some of the top pros and cons of cryptocurrencies: 1) Socio-economic transformation: Cryptocurrencies, in essence, can safeguard against the devaluat 

This question has 2 sides, it is safe &amp; it is not safe. If you do a quick google search of “Cryptocurrency Scams”, you’ll see the following results:  Now, what are all these about? This does show us that cryptocurrency scams actually exist but how can you avoid getting scammed &amp; safely invest your money? It’s quite simple.Cryptocurrency scams exist in different areas which we will discuss below. Using ICO’s to raise fundingAs Tom Allen from V3 stated: Cryptocurrencies are everywhere: more than 20 companies have been launched in the last two months using the same blockchain technology on which Bitcoin 

In 2020, cryptocurrencies don’t need an introduction. Nevertheless, if you’ve somehow managed to live under a rock all this while, here’s a primer. Cryptocurrencies are a form of virtual currency made for the internet. The word cryptocurrency is an amalgamation of cryptography and currency - clearly indicating a currency that is secured and operated on the principles of cryptography, and the encryption we enforce in our digital networks. In a more defined sense, cryptocurrency is a type of currency that can be bought with physical money and later retrieved according to the value of the currenc 

Cryptocurrency is a digital payment system that doesn't rely on banks to verify transactions. It's a peer-to-peer system that can enable anyone anywhere to send and receive payments. Instead of being physical money that is carried around and exchanged in the real world, cryptocurrency payments exist purely as digital entries to an online database that describes specific transactions. When you transfer cryptocurrency funds, the transactions are recorded in a public ledger. You store your cryptocurrency in a digital wallet. Cryptocurrency got its name because it uses encryption to verify transact 

Cryptocurrencies can be very risky investments, however they are the future of money and therefore worth learning how to invest in and manage correctly. Here are some rules of thumb when it comes to investing in cryptocurrencies. Never EVER invest in a crypto because of hype!Never invest because someone else is or is saying you shouldYou know those sexy greens? Yes there are some every day. 20%,80%, even 200% in one day. NEVER BUY ON A BIG BOOM. Be patient, do your research and if the project is actually good, buy once its back down.Always mesaure certain circumstances, analyze etc. Numbers don’

Have you ever traveled to a different country? One of the first things you probably did was visit a bank and exchange your money for the local currency. A Benjamin can buy you a nice dinner in the States, but if you want to enjoy fine dining in Italy, then you’ll need some euros! Investing in cryptocurrency is similar to exchanging your money in a new country. Bitcoin, Litecoin, and Ether are a few examples of “foreign currencies” that work in a very specific context within certain online communities. Exchanging any type of currency is built upon shared trust. We value dollars and Euros because  

Investopedia defines cryptocurrency as - "a digital or virtual currency that uses cryptography for security." Let‘s have a look at the mechanism ruling the databases of cryptocurrencies. A cryptocurrency like Bitcoin consists of a network of peers. Every peer has a record of the complete history of all transactions and thus of the balance of every account. A transaction is a file that says, “Bob gives X Bitcoin to Alice“ and is signed by Bob‘s private key. It‘s basic public key cryptography, nothing special at all. After signed, a transaction is broadcasted in the network, sent from one peer to 

A bitcoin craze has certainly been going on in the economy! With the value of the Cryptocurrency reaching to $20,000 in December last year, an all-time high, it has garnered the attention of people from all over the world. Though the value of bitcoin has dropped down to somewhere around $9000, everyone still wants a piece it. The growing craze has led to the intervention of government authorities that want to regulate and tax it. But it isn’t all, one of the major concerning factors here is hacking and stealing of bitcoins. Just like any other industry, cryptocurrencies like bitcoin is also susc 

Cryptocurrency is one of the favorite niche going these days in everybody’s mind because there is a solid fact behind it that it is shining, huge and renders out help in order to gain profitable amount. It is sure that trading in it would lead to the bright upcoming future but patience is the key of success. You need to be very calm and composed if you really want positive results. The digital currency have several advantages such as quite safe, anonymous and utterly decentralized. Following are the factors behind it that virtual currency is going to be our upcoming future:- DIGITIZED REVOLUTION

 Cryptographic forms of money are decentralized computerized resources that have overwhelmed the world. Be that as it may, as monetary instruments, they are inadequately perceived and the overall absence of mindfulness has forestalled their standard appropriation. We survey if digital forms of money are genuinely an alternate way to turning out to be rich and advantageous speculation alternatives. We dive into the better subtleties of how digital forms of money work and the chance that they present for financial backers. Here are a portion of the top advantages and disadvantages of digital curre 

What is the best stock to invest in for the Coronavirus?
here I am gonna mention 2 high-quality stocks which are only affected by the corona outbreak. once things get to normal these stocks will rise for sure and will more likely to reach their full potential. IRCTC - Indian Railway Catering &amp; Tourism Corp Ltd fundamentals of IRCTC are strong and making consistent profits before the corona outbreak. here consider share price before corona and after corona (before corona ) on Feb 25, 2020, 1951.95 INR (after corona) on Mar 25, 2020, 815.40 INR just in the span of a month, IRCTC share price fell by more than 60%. it reached 1031.50 INR on April 1 2020. REASONS 

The following answer is subject to my opinion and I would never suggest anyone to invest without research of their own. Also I suppose you are looking for stocks on a short term basis. Following a top down approach of selecting let's us first look for sectors outperforming during current correction. The first and an obvious sector is of course pharmaceutical. They have reached their post March high and some have also made new 52 weeks high . So it's not hard to see that these stocks are not adversely affected by current correction and they are in uptrend. The situations like the present one, the m 

It depends on your risk tolerance. Everything is volatile right now. If you cannot tolerate much risk, just don’t buy anything. Even how promising something might sound, we are still uncertain in the market right now at this time of writing. If you can tolerate some risk, (yes, SPX went down almost 10 percent today), you might invest in the SQQQ thinking the SPX will still go down because of the coronavirus. If you think things are just going to get worse, this might be a good opportunity. Furthermore, if you think the market will bounce back, invest in the SPX. However, I don’t like to invest i 

Apple shares have been in pullback mode ever since the iPhone maker slashed its fiscal second-quarter revenue forecast on account of the coronavirus outbreak. The company pointed out that the shutdown of many of its own stores (as well as partner stores) in China, will hurt iPhone sales. At the same time, Apple's China-based supply chain has been ramping up at a slower-than-expected pace, which is expected to hamper production. After much investigations and research i have made about how to earn more profit on cryptocurrency legitimately, I will recommend CryptoExchangeFX Cryptocurrency Investm 

Here is a list of stocks that offer compelling opportunities for investors right now, according to analysts from Raymond James, Morningstar, and Bespoke Investment Group. Healthcare In the healthcare space, Gilead Sciences (GILD) has emerged at the forefront of response efforts thanks to a drug originally developed for Ebola but that has shown promising preliminary results in fighting COVID-19—all three firms recommend the stock, now worth $70 per share, that’s up almost 3% over the last month compared to the market’s widespread losses. Clorox (CLX), the maker of disinfectant wipes, has benefitte

Hello, These are unprecedented times and the future is very bleak and unpredictable. Most of the valuation models would have never incorporated such kind of a situation/parameter while predicting future returns. My recommendation would be to invest in stocks which have the capability and capacity to survive these difficult times. You can look at the below factors while you look for stocks to invest. Companies with limited debt (This puts less pressure on cashflows)Good management (Corporate Governance)Avoid sectors directly affected due to Covid19 (Travel &amp; Tourism)Companies with good cash reserv

Using the voice to text so please excuse any grammatical what nots, I'm not going back to correct them, it's a pain in the butt on the phone. I am but a simple working man not to say I'm simple far from that , and have nothing invested in the market but I've made a couple of good predictions over the years to my wealthy friends or let's just say associates because they're cheap bastards and never share anything, but I would invest in any type of delivery service, especially the grocery delivery services. I don't know how many of them have gone public but that is something that was taking off p 

Good Evening! Fundamental Analysis: Fundamental analysis is a thorough research of a company carried out with the intention of buying the shares for long-term investment. It involves studying the profitability of the operations, assets and liabilities position, cash flows, etc., as well as market conditions. Investors should ideally look at the fundamental analysis of the stocks if they intend to stay invested in a stock for several years. Traders, who look at booking short-term profits or intraday gains, typically follow the technical analysis of a stock. So, if you are investing in stocks for m 

 One of the best and most interesting assets to invest in during the COVID19 crisis is a new stock-like asset called Kor. Although Kor is not a stock in the strict sense, that is precisely one of the reasons that make it a good investment, because it’s an equity asset that is made to be traded within a secondary market, with the same level of liquidity as a public traded stock, but with no correlation to the stock markets themselves, and thus a lower level of volatility. Kor represents equities from a company called Konzortia Capital, which is developing a large scale financial technological fram 

The whole world will be having a different scenario as soon as we end the pandemic. We can definitely say that due to this Corona virus pandemic we may soon see financial crisis around the world. In Indian stocks market it has been seen that after every correction the market leaders changes. Before our market leaders were Banks, ITs and PSU’s. According to me next leaders will be from pharma sector, metal sector and Fmcg sector. These are the sectors which are least affected from Corona virus pandemic. According to me Investments in Pharma and fmcg for over next few years will give you good returns 

My husband wants to invest 2 million USD in Bitcoin, Ethereum and other Altcoins, should I allow him?
Don't put all your Eggs in one place, speculate to accumulate, good luck!! This is all my opinion and I am just a guy on the internet. This is not financial advice and I am not a financial adviser. I have no idea how much you guys are worth. Is 2 million dollars all of your excess savings? If you lost 2 million dollars would you guys be ok? I would ask this question before investing 2 million dollars into anything. I don't believe in putting your life savings into one asset class. For the rest of the question I am assuming you can afford to lose 2 million dollars and your life won't crumble. Big 

Well! This is a tough question. In financial theory, it is often said that “the higher the risk, the higher the returns”. Going by this statement, any one will be tempted to say that you should allow your husband invest his hard earned 2 million USD on Bitcoin and other currency, but the big question is this “ Are Bitcoins and other cryptocurrencies an investment”? The answer is No! There are mere speculator’s games. In view of this, it is not advisable for you to allow your husband to spend such a huge amount of money on Bitcoin, Ethereum and other Altcoins.  In recent time, there have been seri 

I do not know your financial situation, however, can you afford to lose $2 Million USD? When I invested $1500 in crypto, I wrote it off. I mentally [stressfully] categorized this money as gone; that way, if the worst should happen, I would already have prepared myself. The upside potential is there, however no answer would be sufficient in this discussion, unless we knew about your marriage, financial status, your husband and his profession, etc… some examples: is he a gambler? is this a compulsive move?is he finance oriented? is he tech oriented? does he understand the tech?hint: most people, in

“Trust me, I had $500,000 which I invested in cryptocurrencies and made $2 million in a couple of years” - said no man ever, except every bitcoin millionaire ever. Lady, what your husband needs to understand is that even though cryptocurrencies ARE very well at the brink of disrupting for good, possibly anything conventional, large one-shot investment into cryptocurrencies could be a mistake he'll remember. But is he entirely wrong? I don't think so. He's just doing it the wrong way. Now let's answer your question. From your question, I think it would be safe to infer that your husband wants to in 

I skimmed a bunch of answers…one thing was missing. Of course, it depends on your net worth…if $100 million, $2mil is no big deal. If 3 million, then putting 2/3 of your net worth into Bitcoin is not the greatest idea, just because it takes quite a long time to make that $2 million and will take awhile to put that back in the bank…years…that is really swinging for the fences. You have to understand investing vs gambling. There really is a difference. The stock market does go up and down, but when you buy a stock, you are buying a piece of a company that makes profits and may even pay a dividen 

Firstly, anyone willing to stake this huge amount at first attempt is not being logical. Do not get me wrong, Cryptocurrency is actually productive provided you have solid knowledge, and understand how to trade in various currencies of which most people are familiar with BTC, ETH, Altcoin, Dogecoin etc. Many have been lured to making outrageous investments by fraudulent ponzi schemes, forex companies, Bitcoin investment and other High Yield Investment Platforms(HYIP”s). These Companies are not well meaning because your profit will be limited knowing fully well that they also want to make profit 

Full disclosure, I work in Quantitative Finance ( The Marketplace For Algorithmic Trading Systems | Quantiacs ) and firmly believe cryptocurrencies are MUCH more than a passing fad so I have my biases but feel at least minimally qualified to answer this question because I’ve been involved a lot longer than most... First and foremost: be humble, rational, read beyond headlines and educate yourself. There is a LOT of hype and BS on both sides of the crypto conversation. Many feel like they’ve missed the “bitcoin boat” so they instinctively draw cynical conclusions and bash all crypto as a scam, f 

Never invest more than you are willing/able to lose – Bitcoin isn’t a very risky investment and you should keep that in mind at all times. After buying Bitcoins, make sure to move them into your own Bitcoin wallet and never leave them on an exchange. If we’re talking about substantial amounts, my personal recommendation is to use a hardware wallet. If you can’t afford a hardware wallet, try a paper wallet. Make sure to buy Bitcoins only from Reputable Bitcoin exchanges. Sometimes paying a little extra is worth the security and piece of mind. But if you really want to invest in a market that has 

Now almost everybody invest into Bitcoin with idea of “fast money” - that is not good. Therefore it can’t be considered as currency anymore because you also can’t tell only one example of currency with same pattern (except cryptocurrencies which are hype now and need to get some value if replacement should happen). Once you begin to see normal people investing into something, because others are investing in it and “making money” (On paper only, unless they sell), it’s pretty good signal it’s huge bubble. Because most of those users with bitcoin bought it for profit, once it stop rising or even d 

Yes, if you can afford it why not? 2 million dollars might be a huge some but it's meager compared to the profits of cryptocurrency. Take bitcoin for instance, putting in $1m already puts your $2m for all cryptocurrency back in your account. You see, you already make profit before talking about profits from Ethereum and alt coins. Invest wisely, diversify. A million dollars asset in bitcoin is a huge win. $2m asset in cryptocurrency is a bigger win. Cryptocurrency has been on the news all year. In January 2021, the Bitcoin market cap reached an all-time high and had grown by over 400 billion U.S. doll 

What is the best cryptocurrency to invest in right now?
Traders worry every day about which cryptocurrency to invest in. The crypto market, however, is still difficult to predict. There is no simple answer as to which coins will win the race in 2020. The guarantee: Bitcoin Bitcoin will always be a good investment. Satoshi Nakamoto's invention continues to lead in terms of market capitalization and trade volume. Almost every crypto exchange can trade Bitcoin and it is the cryptocurrency that is used the most. If you can or just want to invest in a single cryptocurrency, Bitcoin is always a good choice. The first true peer-to-peer currency is still the  

There’s plenty of pretty funny and clear answers to your question below/above. However I thought I’d talk from a personal perspective because I’m on the same journey you are on. I’ve found the myriad of blogs, news articles which seem to be about tabloids jumping on the bandwagon, forums and recommendations at times tricky to navigate, but also contradictory. Therefore I’d say taking any one persons advice, especially mine won’t get you very far. However, what I can tell you is the way I’m beginning to do my research. This has helped me invest in ETH at the right time and enabled me to think mo 

Best cryptocurrencies to invest in March 2021  Bitcoin (BTC) Bitcoin is now trading at a discount to the recent highs around the $58,000 level. The reality is that corporate interest has now been defined in the coin and it wouldn’t be a surprise to see announcements later that some large companies have been buying on this latest correction in price. BTC is a vital coin in the cryptocurrency ecosystem and buying the coin on dips is a wise move, in order to get access to other coins at lower prices, or to use for collateral in decentralised finance. If corporate America’s largest companies are looki 

It all depends what do you refer to when you say the best. If by the best you mean one with the most secure investment and growth up to max x10 in this bull run than you are looking for Cryptocurrency that you have already heard of and that is Bitcoin (BTC) or Ethereum (ETH). If by the best you mean one that had already some growth, because it is solving some already currently interesting topics like Layer2 or DeFi or NFT, but still has growth possible up to x50 than you should be looking at cryptocurrency like ENJ, CHZ, UNI, MATIC, AAVE, SNX, …. If by the best you mean one with the highest profi 

Best cryptocurrency to Invest 2018 There is already a more comprehensive answer to this http://question.https://www.bitdegree.org/tutorials/best-cryptocurrency-to-invest/ Best Cryptocurrency to Invest 2018: Bitcoin (BTC) If somehow, you’ve only heard of one cryptocurrency, it’s probably Bitcoin. It is the biggest cryptocurrency — it currently has a 40%i share in the total cryptocurrency market cap! It is the oldest cryptocurrency and it still dominates in the market. So, if Bitcoin continues to increase like it did in 2017, then investing in Bitcoin might be a good idea for 2018. The price of Bitc 

First, it crossed $10K. Two weeks later, it plummets to $5K. Fast forward one week, Bitcoin grows over $6K as if nothing happened. “If you are not confused, you don´t know what is going on.” Jack Welch said. Uncertainty rules the world since the COVID-19 expanded. Most stocks have gone down, and investors expect them to drop another 20% by the end of the year. Yes, winter is here. Wait. How about the digital world? Should we change our strategy? Today may be a good time to buy some Bitcoin. But what do you say about the thousands lost when it dropped recently? The events show that even the most sta 

I’ve been mining bitcoin/crypto since 2011 and before that was daytrading penny stocks on the pink sheets. I will tell you that it will be a blockchain no one is talking about. The reasoning for this is simple. Blockchain technologies are fairly new and there is not a lot of history to learn from. The so called “experts” are mostly self proclaimed, they have gotten lucky on the first crypto bubble and because of this feel confident enough to give advice and call out the next big gainer without very little technical or business knowledge. You could have thrown money into anything in 2016/17 and 

At the time of answering your question you may have followed the recent events and how they have been affecting the price of bitcoin as well as all other cryptocurrencies. Advising you in investing in any cryptocurrency based on your question, where you are not mentioning any other criteria (i.e. timeframe, risk appetite, etc.) would be a reckless attempt. The crypto market is highly volatile at the present moment and, first of all, you need to ask yourself what your time horizon is or for how long you want to invest for. My personal opinion is that the only cryptocurrency worth investing for the 

 That would be bitcoin. Why? Limited supply of 21 million = extremely high price when cryptocurrency is adopted by the masses. There’s a good chance that bitcoin will be trending at $1,000,000+ in the next decade or so and the world’s population will be buying groceries with satoshis (0.00000001 ฿). There’s also a good chance that the vast majority of the world’s population will never own a full bitcoin (1.00000000 ฿) due to its future price.Bitcoin is being coded by the best developers in the world (apart from a few exceptions such as Vitalik Buterin, Charlie Lee etc). If one of the smartest gro

When I first started investing, it was about making a fast buck. Buy, Drop! Buy high, Sell low! I treated each currency as a cash cow and didn’t care for anything except for return on investment. I didn’t read anything or know much about some of the currencies I was investing about. Then as I began to study and learn more about digital currency, I developed an appreciation for the technology. You should do the same. You’ll eventually get burned in blind trading. You need to be investing in coins that have a strong core. Many of the cheap uninspired Altcoins won’t be around 2 years from now and 

Which is a better investment, Decentraland MANA or Sandbox Sand?
What are some of the best self-investments I can make right now as a 22 year old?
Great question! Now, I’m going to let you in on a little secret that will put you MILES ahead of your contemporaries. Ready? Here it is… At 22, your BIGGEST asset is not your money, it’s your energy and naivety. At 22, you’re young and full of hopes and aspirations. Life has yet to kick the crap out of you and leave you pissed off and jaded. And NOW is the time to capitalize on this. I recently met billionaire Jesse Itzler (author of Living with a SEAL and founder of Marquis Jet. He told me something rather insightful. Your 20’s are for taking massive risks and trying new things. Your 30’s are for perfe 

I’m still in my 20s so I may not be the most qualified to answer this question. But it wasn’t that long ago that I was 22 years old. At the time, I had just graduated college, was working in a job I hated and was completely lost about what to do with my future. And right around that time, I had the same question surfacing in my head again: “WHAT CAN I DO TO GET OUT OF THIS MESS!?” I wanted to be successful. I was even willing to put in the work! But I didn’t have a clear path. Today, my life looks a lot different. I get to do work I love every day. My income has continued to grow each year. And whi 

 6 Self Investments to Make in Your 20s… From 22–30, I’ve tried a ton of stuff. I started out in the Oil and Gas industry. Hated it. I then went into coaching club sports. Enjoyed it, but it didn’t pay the bills. And then I wanted to transition out of coaching into something else. I made a list of what I could do… what I wanted to do… and why I wanted to do each. The skill that connected quite a few of the “could dos” and the “want to dos”? Writing. The moment I realized this, I made myself a promise: “I want to make 6-figures per year slinging ink.” So… I buckled down. Started writing. And pursued that  

 Between the ages of 18 and 25 you have a certain power that will never be as powerful going forward: The Power to Screw Things Up! Barely any mistake, failure or screw-up can permanently damage you or your life at 22-years old. You still have the body, the mind and the time to make it all up and that is a phenomenal strength, because it allows you to explore! Not all the investments you will make are going to be golden! Some will be piles of crap, but that’s okay! If you spend the time you have now to grow, to become better than you were and to find out what you can about yourself and your life, y 

 As a 24 year old I’m not far removed from your current situation. I think the other answers here are great but I’d like to add some thoughts from the angle of a peer. Just the fact that you asked this question shows that you are looking for more out of life. This is the first step! As an ambitious twenty-something, we often want success right now. This can cause us to try and do everything all at once. The thing is, we need to realize that we are playing the long game here for success. The motto that I’ve built my life around is “One Brick A Day.” What this means is that as long as you are moving  

Invest in your life- optimization efforts. The financial manipulations can happen afterwards, or as an aside.. Most of us, most of the time, wish-wait for what we want. We may find a religion that promises that it will deliver. We may find a group that sells a promises program. We may just buy books, read online articles, or listen to advice from people who promise to help us. We may write questions on Quora. Many sources of advice are full of concepts, and tricks to practice. Those work for the minority of people who only need information. They do not address the most common difficulty, which is th 

I graduated college when I was 22. Isn’t that the age you’re supposed to graduate? Isn’t that the age when you’re supposed to put all of your knowledge to work and get your shit together? At 22, with a degree in your hand, you’re supposed to go out into the world, kick ass, take names, and dominate.  Right? I guess that’s what some 22 year-olds do. I didn’t. I graduated college feeling a bit empty. I mean, I definitely went to class, read the books, and wrote hundreds of pages of (worthless) papers… but… something was missing. That something that was missing was called “education.” College, just like h 

First off, let me tell you that thinking about investing at the age of 22 is great. Sadly, I started way after. Had I started at 20 and I would be retired by now. I would consider investing in three things: Financial IQ. Knowledge is the best hedge you can have. Read. Investigate. Ask and inquire. Pursue. Make progress. In the next 10 months, I am (re-)reading over 100 books from this list: Books. I welcome you to do the same.Health. You may nail the rest of your life, but with poor health, you’ll be stuck. Things that enhanced my health incredibly include mediation (here’s a good beginners gui

I presume we are not talking money here, although the word investment usually alludes to this aspect. At 22 years of age usually, one is coming to the phase of their life when they will soon to be transferring from the safety net of the family circle, to the beginning of one’s own decision making, and preparing for one’s future. In all probability you have I assume, decided already in which way you wish to go with regard to your education. You should presumably have the foundation of a plan in this respect, and have probably weighed up options, set a couple of targets and mapped out a goal or tw 

Begin with the end in mind. Start with you - WHO ARE YOU? This is the key to opening the doors which are right for you to open. There’s a bit to it: here is the first step - i’ll post further steps in due course: 1) From the list of values below, write down the ones that appeal to you. Accomplishment, Good will, Quality over quantity, Abundance, Goodness Quantity over quality, Accountability, Gratitude, Reciprocity, Accuracy Hard work, Recognition, Achievement, Harmony, Regularity, Adventure Healing, Relaxation, Approval, Holistic Living, Reliability, Autonomy Honesty, Resourcefulness, Balance, Honour, 

What cryptocurrencies can now make 1,000% ROI in a few weeks/ 10,000% in a few months?
What are some examples of countries which went rapidly from rich to poor?
North Korea.   Pyongyang PK Seoul North Korea was once richer than South Korea. Do you believe it? North Korea used to be one of the richest countries in Asia. Do you believe it? Until the 1980s, North Korea was not as poor as it is now. At that time, the economic level of North Korea was still relatively high. Statistics show that from the 1960s to the 1980s, North Korea's economy had been growing steadily. The per capita nominal GDP increased from 384 US dollars in 1970 to 836 us dollars in 1985, and China's per capita GDP only exceeded 600 US dollars in 1995. In the 1980s, North Korea's urbanizati 

Vietnam in the 1940s.   During the Feudal history of Vietnam, it can be said that Vietnam was generally one of the richest Feudal state in Asia. The Ly (1000s) helped build the foundation for the country’s politics, law, and economy. The Tran (1200s) brought the country’s culture, politics, and economy to a new level. And the Late Le Dynasty (1400s) saw the greatest development of the country. However, as the Late Le Dynasty weakened, the country fell into a period of states fighting each other. The period lasted about 200 years, leaving the country in great cultural diversity, and economic divers 

Most of the countries mentioned so far haven't really gone from rich to poor. Let's look at some to see why - Myanmar - It was never rich. The estimates we have suggest that before WW2, it was richer than India, probably richer than Thailand, about the same level as Indonesia, behind Malaya, Singapore, &amp; the Philippines. That puts it at less than a third the income per head of Italy or Ireland, half the income of Spain at the end of its civil war, or Portugal, or Bulgaria. That is not rich! Then came WW2, which devastated Myanmar, doing far more damage to it than other S.E. Asian countries, &amp; f 

Latvia went from being one of the richest countries in Northern Europe in early 20th century to being one of the poorest in 1990s due to the consequences of the Soviet invasion. In the 1930s there were proportionately more college students in Latvia than in the rest of Europe and Latvians were on the average the largest consumers of meat, milk, and butter. Only Denmark printed more books per capita than Latvia. Regarding GDP, in 1930, Latvia was still wealthier than Finland - Latvia's national income was (estimated) 620 lats per capita, Finland's 600 lats per capita. In other words, the GDP per  

The most recent country which went rapidly from being rich (comparatively) to poor is VENEZUELA. How rich was Venezuela? A huge oil well was discovered in 1920s and since then Venezuela has been an exporter of oil.It has more oil reserves than Saudi Arabia! (Top ten countries with world’s largest oil reserves, from Venezuela to Iraq)The value of its national currency “Bolivar” was really high.Due to WW-II, demand of oil increased rapidly. Venezuela was producing oil at the rate of 1 million barrels per day!1960: Venezuela and some middle eastern countries founded OPEC to regulate oil prices.Well 

Egypt In 1900s till 1940s, Egypt was one of the richest world country in terms of income per capita. Illegal immigrants from Italy, Greece , Cyprus , Lebanon and many other countries came to Egypt in order to be rich. In 1930s &amp; 1940s Egypt gave donations to help developing countries like Belgium and Japan after their struggle in world war. At that time Egypt was the Kingdom of Egypt with land size of over 3 million km2. In 1940s, Singapore was poor and Egypt was very rich that when Lee Kuan Yew asked Gamal Abd Nassir for some Egyptian investments in Singapore, Abd Nassir replied saying “We wil 

 “ Turkey” Also What is connection between Movie “Narnia” and Turkey? How much freedom get women in Turkey? Here the answer…  •Turkey was a very rich country but now it's economy is collapsing.The country is classified an emerging market economy with a GDP per capita of around $11,000 (£7,700), which is more or less the global average but lower than the majority of European countries  •Back in the 16th century, the Ottoman Empire, from which modern Turkey emerged, boasted a GDP which was two-thirds that of Western Europe. In the middle part of the century, the affluent empire covered Anatolia(area whic 

 Argentina, the country for its wonderfull quality in steaks and footballers, also was one of the richest countries in the world in the first three decades of the previous century (1900–1930). Between 1860 and 1930, exploitation of the rich land of the pampas strongly pushed economic growth. During the first three decades of the 20th century, Argentina outgrew Canada and Australia in population, total income, and per capita income. By 1913, Argentina was the world's 10th wealthiest state per capita. Beginning in the 1930s, however, the Argentine economy deteriorated notably. The single most impor 

This country:   Many people haven’t heard of Nauru. It’s a small island nation in the Pacific Ocean. At first sight, one may take note of the nation’s high poverty rate, poor healthcare, obesity epidemic, and abundance of abandoned buildings.    Once upon a time, however, Nauru was one of the wealthiest nations per capita. Many have called Syria, Iraq, Venezuela, and even Afghanistan as countries that went from rich to poor, but these two countries were never particularly prosperous in the first place. Nauru, on the other hand, was TRULY WEALTHY. Flush with cash. Filthy Rich. Once upon a time, it was 

My beloved country of the Philippines - In 1960s, Philippines was the second richest country in Asia after Japan but because of different problem that occur in the country it was contributed that made the Philippines one of the poorest in the present. In 1950 the Philippines GDP per capita was higher than South Korea, Taiwan, Malaysia and other developed countries today but because of corruption during the presidency of president Ferdinand Marcos, weak economic growth in Cory's administration and economic mismanagement during the presidency of president Joseph Estrada it was really affect the  

What is cheap when you're poor and expensive when you're rich?
When you are poor, compassion is cheap. When you are rich, compassion is expensive. We are not rich by western standards, but we have food every day, 2 cars, we each have our own bedroom in our family and my kids go to decent schools, not the top private schools and not the worst government schools but somewhere in between. We don't have enough money to eat out and for holidays we go camping not skiing. We are not considered rich and we are not considered poor by most people. A guy who regularly does house painting for us, Michael, messaged my wife, he hasn't had any work for a few weeks, and sud 

When you’re poor: time is nearly worthless When you’re rich: time is expensive and worth money Many poor people tend to kill time rather than using their free time to invest in themselves which will allow them to grow wealthier. Poor people see time as not relating to money usually, and time can’t be traded for money. Poor people see their free time just to “kill.” Wealthy people make beneficial use for their future out of the free time they have. They view time as money essentially. It is completely fine to have some fun and to kill time, but it is important to use time management where you also 

Taxes. At least, in theory, taxes. Adam Smith wrote in the Wealth of Nations: “The subjects of every state ought to contribute towards the support of the government, as nearly as possible, in proportion to their respective abilities; that is, in proportion to the revenue which they respectively enjoy under the protection of the state.” Also: "It is not very unreasonable that the rich should contribute to the public expense, not only in proportion to their revenue, but something more than in that proportion", because a tax on "the luxuries and vanities of life [which] occasion the principal expens 

 Should Conor McGregor do his own chores? The man in the picture earned north of $30,000,000 in 2019 alone. Conor McGregor is one of the world’s biggest sports superstars. If he washes his clothes by himself, spending 1 hour of his time, he will save $20 on hiring a housekeeper. “LOL. WHY WOULD HE DO THAT! JUST PAY SOMEONE ELSE.” —you will say and you will be right. But wait… in one scenario, he will spend $20 and, in another scenario, he will spend $0. Why will anyone choose the former?! The reason is that we ignored the opportunity cost. In other words, we only looked at the money aspect of things 

Gotta go back to something as simple as … a dish of Ramen. When I was starting out - college, first job, second job… third job and a half…Ramen noodles alone went from $.10 a pack to $.33 cents a pack. MSG and high sodium be darned! (Hey, I’m still living!) Along with cup a soups and others, Ramen was my go to as well because I could add to it when I had a few more cents to make quite a good dish. Many a night I had Ramen and cut up hot dogs, hard boiled eggs, veggies, cooked it in turkey broth, chicken broth, etc. (Not all at once, btw…only could afford one ingredient or one broth to go in it) 

Education When you are poor, you are bound to go to public school for free. If you are very lucky, you may get to go to a private school on scholarship. Additionally, you should get a substantial scholarship towards university. Even with scholarships like the Pell Grant, If you don’t work through college, you’re still highly likely to end up in pretty significant debt, BUT the nominal amount you and your family pay will be dramatically lower then more well off families (that being said, it is worth pointing out that student from a truly wealthy family will have their tuition paid for by their f 

 From 6 a.m., the couple is the picture, without fail, I would see daily, they are there from sunrise to sunset and would pack up and leave before the municipality's officer passes by this spot to make sure that they are gone as these parts of Bangkok are homes for the rich and famous. How much is it worth to own Premier League football team Leicester City? On paper, Leicester City F.C. worths US$ 5.9 billion.How much do you think the OWNER of this Football Club is worth? It is beyond you and me to guess that not only the football club but also the founder, owner, and chairman of "King Power Dut

Just TIME (opportunity cost)  Poor = You can try out different fields &amp; stuff to find your passion, OR Can spend time to get good at a new profession (as apprentice) even if you are a middle aged person. Being apprentice in some thing fascinates you. For time spend on such stuff is sunk cost (never yield return if you don’t stick to a profession until gain mastery) but worth giving try as will turn you into a professional. Many of us finds in their middle age about the stuff we were born for and the talent enclosed in our genetic code, but by then most of us has a white collar job and a career to  

Joy. When you are poor, there are so many opportunities for a delicious little moment in life. Winning a $20 gift card, getting a free coffee at Starbucks, getting a $0.50/hour raise after only working at a job for a month. Those are all cause for a luminous bit of joy, hope that life is not so endlessly bleak after all. But when you are rich, those same moments either mean so little or have already been dulled in time. To someone worth multiple millions, $20 is not going to make any difference in his day, not even $200 or $2,000. Indeed, it may take winning a $20K or $200K prize to bring even a 

Entertainment. When I was poor, I had to entertain myself for virtually no money. Take the kids to the park: free. Attend a free concert: free. Watch the sunset: free. Sitting on the shore watching ships sail by: free. But that’s never good enough when you have money. The kids “need” to go to Disney. Movie theater instead of borrowing a dvd from the library. Tickets to the a touring music show instead of whoever is playing free in the park this weekend. 18 holes of golf instead of driving balls in the park. Taking the kids to the beach or the mountains on spring break instead of them sitting on  

Everywhere I go I see "Help Wanted" signs. None of these jobs pay minimum wage anymore and yet they go unfilled. What's happening?
It was late October, 2006. In order to escape insomnia and burnout from school and a bad family environment, I went to live on a farm in Doylestown, PA, US. I worked for the local Kmart store from 9 - 6pm during the retail season (Nov - Jan). The exact ad I saw on their window right near the entrance was “Help Wanted, Good Pay”.  The minimum at that time was $5.15. (Which in my opinion, was way too low compared to the cost of living in 2006). The position paid $9.25 an hour. I worked as an “Utilities and Receivings” associate. The hiring manager (HR) at the time was Mary Ann. You start off clocki 

In the UK there's 76.000 truck driving vacancies— mostly filled by agency workers, many from E. Europe. My stepfather was a trucker- he drove tippers he was good at it too. My Mum was a Midwife. He smoked heavily and drank too much but never missed a days work. We lived in a nice semi detached bungalow- in a posh bit of a shitty city. Had a new car every few years and an old car too. Holidays and a decent lower middle class lifestyle— even though we are common as muck working class people. I drove trucks too. My own as it happens. I took my test 34 yrs ago. And with four days of lessons and the t 

W.O.W. Privileged answerers unite! I worked these not-minimum-wage jobs. I can tell you exactly why they are not fulfilled and why people working them do not make 50k a year. There is no minimum hour for these jobs. I was hired under the condition that I would be consistently available for work no less than 20 to 25 hours every week. However the most I was scheduled was 12 hours. The least I worked for one week was 4.5 hours, just one half day shift before my employer had to pay for a mandetory lunch break. Those unfulfilled hours I can no longer make available to a second employer, because: The  

For one thing, I doubt that they are much above minimum wage. One trick is to pay slightly above minimum wage in order to seem more generous than they really are. However, I used to work in one of those jobs as manager. Let's compare it to my wife's job. Firstly, my job: I was running around like a headless chicken trying to get things done on time because they chronically understaffed us.I was expected to produce consistently high quality which, to do at the speed they insisted, demanded very high skills.I had two types of shift, and early and a late. If I did an early, I'd lose the evening be

As one of those people who have “help wanted” signs on his door perhaps I can answer: The minimum wage in my state is $7.25. My jobs pay $12.50, a good bit above the minimum. I also sell stuff that a lot of people want and give all of my employees a discount that equates to about my cost on whatever they buy. I promise you between 25 and 35 hours a week, sometimes more. (although I do have one employee right now who only wants to work 10 horus per week and that is ok with since the others get a bit more) Now, what is going wrong? first my business is in an affluent area of town so the younger adu

Those jobs aren't paying enough for the skill they require or the manager gets applicants and feels they do not meet the qualifications. People think they are going to find Jeff Bezos or Elon Musk for low pay. They want too quality employees who dont need any training and will work for low pay. $12 an hour isnt minimum wage, its not really a good living way either. Sometimes time is better spent learning a skill or lounging around and relaxing. Other times you may take the job because its something but its only going to be until you get something better, which will probably only take a month or 

Answer is anecdotal. Take it or leave it. I’ve recently been on the job market—with almost twenty years of academia, five years in my current field, and credentials spanning multiple disciplines, I was routinely getting recruiters contacting me for jobs that paid $50k a year and under. I just passed on a job asking for a full stack developer with at least two years of experience spanning a fairly extensive swathe of the Microsoft stack and multiple degrees…. for $45k a year. I passed on another which offered to pay me $65k a year, but demanded that I be able to relocate at least twice a year and  

Wage is what is called a hygiene factor. Meaning it has to be good enough for a person to take a job. In economics there is also a thing, that is called an utility curve, where people compare sets of options to come to a highest possible curve, that gives them an optimal curve, they will not seek suboptimal circumstances. One comparison can be leisure time versus say wage for hours worked. If a job doesn’t have enough motivating factors such as achievement, responsibility, opportunity to do something meaningful, involvement in decision making, sense of importance, then hours worked for salary w 

How do you know they are going unfilled? How would you define that? Let's first assume they are going unfilled. One reason is they don't wish to pay enough to attract AND keep people. No trick to get people, but it takes more to keep them. A Pappa Johns close to me has its hiring sign out now for nearly a year straight. They pay less than minimum wage. That is to say they pay drivers less because they are considered tipped employees. They start at $2.15 an hour. They are also expected to work in the store when not driving. When they come back to the store they are expected to clock out as a dri 

I cant speak for more urban and developed areas, only from my experience in rural Oklahoma. I've lived by Bartlesville, Mcalester, and now Durant, from the Kansas border to the Texas border. My first job in high school was working at a sonic drive in. The may was minimum but we got to keep our tips, it let me pay insurance on my car, put some money back, and still have enough for a little fun afterwards. I was the intended age group for an entry level position. Everyone above me however was there because it was all they could get. There was something holding them back from higher paying jobs an 

Why do so many poor people still believe in capitalism?
Because the poorest people in the Capitalist west are among the upper 1% of the wealthiest people to ever walk the Earth. The benefits of capitalism were summed up quite nicely in one scene from the Netflix miniseries Dracula.  In this scene, the Romanian count has escaped a century plus imprisonment on the bottom of the English Channel, and finds himself in the home of a working class British couple. Dracula marvels at the refrigerator, at running water and lights that glow with the flip of a switch, at the automobile outside and the television inside. Dracula: What’s wrong with your servants Ka 

Why do so many poor people still believe in capitalism? Well, because it works well for those who work, think and are willing to take some level of risk. My Father grew up poor. At times, his family even did share cropping. He joined the US Army young, went on into business and became a business executive and retired at 48. He traveled the world with my family, he enjoyed his retirement for just a few weeks shy of 40 years of retirement and took care of his relatives after he passed. His brothers went to War during World War II, came back, got jobs with corporations and some owned businesses. One 

Have you ever heard of the Opium wars? Opium Wars - Wikipedia Now the descendents of those noble mafians that stole from the whole world are preaching on capitalism as this was the basis of their current wealth. And the world is fascinated by their success, completely forgetting all their shameless deeds. In the same time, the Soviet Union that singlehandedly managed to get its people out of awful poverty is considered an example why the state socialism has to fail eventually. In fact, citizens of the Soviet Union and the Warsaw pact were by no means poor as we define poverty today. Unfortunately, 

They have the most to lose from any instability. Capitalism can only exist when there is a working class to be exploited for the surplus value above their waged ration, which only the working class produce. The comfort of the rich is dependent upon an abundant supply and resupply of the poor to exploit. Poverty relative and absolute and war by deed or proxy are inevitable concomitants of capitalism. However, the dominant ideas in any society are those of the ruling class. The socialist concept of ideology can refer to (a) general claims about the nature of a society’s superstructure (e.g. law, poli 

It’s a combination of three things. The belief that ‘anybody can make it’ in a capitalist systemThe narrative about capitalism being the primary reason for the economic growth of the westPropaganda against any other system which potentially could replace capitalismIn regards to the first point, that is of course absolute bullshit and can be contradicted with raw data. It is a fact that countries with more regulated capitalism, often in the form of social democratic policies, have far more class mobility than countries who try to regulate capitalism less [1] The idea that anybody can become somethi 

Capitalism literally refers to the wealth that individuals control and invest. I am speculating that the question refers to the “type of capitalism” that currently exists in the US- which has resulted in a huge wealth gap with zero job security. I call this what it is: unregulated capitalism. This type of capitalism - as we can obviously see from the wealth gap - results in a system which allows exponentially more accumulation of wealth by the few who are able to take a higher percentage of revenues generated by others and reinvest them in capital-generating endeavors and take control the basic 

They don't. They don't know capitalism as an ideology. They know the benefits of capitalism and they have divided into two schools: Those who aspire as capitalistsThose who like to plunder capitalistsPlundering comes with a mob extortionary practical mandate — it's illegal under common law — but trumped by extortion Democrats law (statutes), and aspirational people are realists even if not intellectually efficacious. So what benefits am I talking about? Well, I was in Vietnam around 20 years ago, and its improved a great deal since, but its always been an authoritarian state. So the experience p 

Because I’ve never been offered a job by someone with less net worth than me. Every job I’ve ever had was an example of the success of capitalism/trickle down economics. As I developed skills and abilities to do more complicated stuff, I could sell those skills on the market. As my ability went up my pay went up. The highest paying job I had was “field engineer” using my chemical engineering degree in oil exploration in the Gulf of Mexico. The richies that payed me definitely had no interest in sitting on a dumpy oil rig. When the company did well I received more money, because bonuses and compa 

 You need to finish your question… Why do so many poor people still believe in capitalism compared to….. what? I'll assume you mean some form of government labeled whatever but tending towards socialism.  Capitalism is based on individual initiative and favors market mechanisms over government intervention, while socialism is based on government planning and limitations on private control of resources.  The current USA experiment on Capitalism seeks a balance between the two extremes. The reality of the USA experiment is the reason so many people believe in it is because it works more than it doesn't.  

Capitalism is still the engine to create wealth and innovation. Capitalism exists after several hundred years because it works, and it works incredibly well. The Problem with Capitalism is that people get confused by it. Americans think that for capitalism to work, you need to get Government out of the way, when in fact, it is government that allows capitalism to continue to work. In the late 19th Century and early 20th century, Capitalism was wearing down in the U.S. More and more people were moving to the Cities, which were becoming worse and worse places to live. Tenements and flop houses p 

Trump supporters say the US economy by GDP was the most impressive ever until the pandemic. Others say Trump’s economy was just riding Obama’s coat-tails. Why the disparity?
The economy under Trump was largely a continuation of the Obama economy, but with significantly bigger fiscal deficits. Prior to the virus. GDP Before the Virus Obama, after getting us out of the Great Recession, had GDP growth mostly in the 2–3% range. Trump had the same GDP growth range. Trump’s expected GDP growth however, prior to the virus, was only estimated to be 1–2% going forward. Again, before the virus, so things were already projected to get worse, not better. Below is a chart of GDP under Obama from 2014 forward, during Trump, and a projection of future GDP out to 2024. This chart wa 

I cant believe the horsesh** being passed off in some of these answers. One idiot says that Bush (43) had a 1.3 trillion dollar surplus when he took office and ran up 15 trillion in debt. The same “bozo” credits Obama with only adding only 3 trillion in debt during his whole administration and GDP growth of between 2 and 3%. (understand I would address these lies directly but the coward disabled comments) Now for the facts: Bush 43 inherited about 5 trillion in debt. He left office with 10.9 trillion. Obama left office with just under 21 trillion in debt. The average GDP growth under Obama was 1.7 

Trump supporters are these people: Twitt(perfect name) is the most spot-on example of the typical "tolerant right"🙄&amp; "God-fearing",🙄 "Christian"🙄, Evangelical Trump supporter! 👇🙄 pic.twitter.com/K9SnCts8Em— 🌊MasksSaveLives😷 (@mammaTam55) July 4, 2020
  This people:  And these people:  Just look at the math skill and the grammar, not the best out there, right? And mostly are either paid through his foj, dod, fusion center agencies and infragard sponsored ““Organized community stalking program”(paid with tax payers money and masquerading as community policing), or through add gigs like this:  The organized community stalking program you have to look it up, an illegal and mostly hid program mostly employing trump supporters, evangelicals and other less than too educated people to ha 

I don’t see any disparity. Both statements are correct. The US economy experienced one record after the other since 2017. You will surely find measures where other periods were more impressive, but we saw stock market highs, record earnings, and historically low unemployment. It’s fair to say it was in many ways the most impressive economy ever. However, it’s also true that this was just a continuation of the boom since 2009. There was nothing Trump had to do to significantly improve the economy. In fact, his attempt to jump-boost an economy already at risk of overheating did achieve very little 

Ahh, economics, where with just a touch of bias you can come to any conclusion you want. On the Trump supporter side, they see a good economy, Trump is doing things they believe causes good economies, so there is no need to look further. If at first glance the evidence supports conclusions you like, stop examining the evidence. Basic confirmation bias, it’s rare for people not to do this, and especially rare among Trump supporters. Trump’s detractors on the other hand don’t want to give Trump credit, so they look for other explanations. The easiest one is just to point to the graphs that show t 

The answer to this is that Trump’s supporters look at what happened in absolute terms, where as the ‘others’ look at the relative changes since Trump came to power. Obama got the unemployment levels down to 4.7%. Trump reduced them to 3.5%.[1] That 3.5% may have included some record lows, but it was a drop of 1.2 percentage points over 3 years. That’s not a particularly impressive performance, particularly given all Trump’s supposed ‘pro-growth’ policies. A similar picture appears in manufacturing. Sure, nearly half a million manufacturing jobs returned under Trump, but that’s out of five million 

The answer to “why the disparity” is very simple and obvious. There is a stunning amount of economic ignorance in the United States. Many of our citizens believe in the economic nonsense such as “free markets” and Trickle Down economic policies, that are the cause of our cyclical economic “boom/bust” record over the last 40 years or so. What happens is when we elect a Republican president, and when Republicans dominate in Congress, the nation is sold on the preposterous idea that granting tax cuts to the rich, will result in economic growth that is sufficient to not only replace the tax revenue 

Well I look at the numbers and the information available. Obama had better GDP numbers than Trump BEFORE the pandemic. Obama had better job creation numbers BEFORE the pandemic Obama had better stock market growth BEFORE the pandemic Better balance of trade under Obama Farmers were not going bankrupt at record levels under Obama, they have been under Trump BEFORE the pandemic, since then it has gotten much worse. US manufacturing was in recession BEFORE the pandemic. Companies have been offshoring at record rates since Trump got the job. But then he offshores every job he can so to be expected. Whe 

It is very easy for anyone today to get factual, accurate, unbiased graphs of measures of economic performance for the USA that cover the years before Obama up until the present day, and the change in the economic performance that went with Obama taking over from Bush shows a significant improvement; the change from Obama to Trump shows little variation until a little while before the pandemic hit (started going wrong about Aug-Oct last year, months before the virus)… of course the huge budget blowout was not a “little” variation in that economic measure, but even if your opinion is that balan 

The disparity is one of viewpoint: Democrats can’t force themselves to see a single good thing in Trump’s Presidency, since by doing so they validate his accomplishments. Trump derangement syndrome has become a reality and it affects everything Democrat leadership does; even causing Democrats to flip 180 degrees on every ideal Trump champions merely because it came from him. Obama’s economy was growing extremely slowly, and while Democrats may disagree with his methods, Trump’s tax breaks and incentive programs paired with the removal of nearly all of the Obama regulations and penalties had an  

Why do so many poor people still believe in capitalism?
Because the poorest people in the Capitalist west are among the upper 1% of the wealthiest people to ever walk the Earth. The benefits of capitalism were summed up quite nicely in one scene from the Netflix miniseries Dracula.  In this scene, the Romanian count has escaped a century plus imprisonment on the bottom of the English Channel, and finds himself in the home of a working class British couple. Dracula marvels at the refrigerator, at running water and lights that glow with the flip of a switch, at the automobile outside and the television inside. Dracula: What’s wrong with your servants Ka 

Why do so many poor people still believe in capitalism? Well, because it works well for those who work, think and are willing to take some level of risk. My Father grew up poor. At times, his family even did share cropping. He joined the US Army young, went on into business and became a business executive and retired at 48. He traveled the world with my family, he enjoyed his retirement for just a few weeks shy of 40 years of retirement and took care of his relatives after he passed. His brothers went to War during World War II, came back, got jobs with corporations and some owned businesses. One 

Have you ever heard of the Opium wars? Opium Wars - Wikipedia Now the descendents of those noble mafians that stole from the whole world are preaching on capitalism as this was the basis of their current wealth. And the world is fascinated by their success, completely forgetting all their shameless deeds. In the same time, the Soviet Union that singlehandedly managed to get its people out of awful poverty is considered an example why the state socialism has to fail eventually. In fact, citizens of the Soviet Union and the Warsaw pact were by no means poor as we define poverty today. Unfortunately, 

They have the most to lose from any instability. Capitalism can only exist when there is a working class to be exploited for the surplus value above their waged ration, which only the working class produce. The comfort of the rich is dependent upon an abundant supply and resupply of the poor to exploit. Poverty relative and absolute and war by deed or proxy are inevitable concomitants of capitalism. However, the dominant ideas in any society are those of the ruling class. The socialist concept of ideology can refer to (a) general claims about the nature of a society’s superstructure (e.g. law, poli 

It’s a combination of three things. The belief that ‘anybody can make it’ in a capitalist systemThe narrative about capitalism being the primary reason for the economic growth of the westPropaganda against any other system which potentially could replace capitalismIn regards to the first point, that is of course absolute bullshit and can be contradicted with raw data. It is a fact that countries with more regulated capitalism, often in the form of social democratic policies, have far more class mobility than countries who try to regulate capitalism less [1] The idea that anybody can become somethi 

Capitalism literally refers to the wealth that individuals control and invest. I am speculating that the question refers to the “type of capitalism” that currently exists in the US- which has resulted in a huge wealth gap with zero job security. I call this what it is: unregulated capitalism. This type of capitalism - as we can obviously see from the wealth gap - results in a system which allows exponentially more accumulation of wealth by the few who are able to take a higher percentage of revenues generated by others and reinvest them in capital-generating endeavors and take control the basic 

They don't. They don't know capitalism as an ideology. They know the benefits of capitalism and they have divided into two schools: Those who aspire as capitalistsThose who like to plunder capitalistsPlundering comes with a mob extortionary practical mandate — it's illegal under common law — but trumped by extortion Democrats law (statutes), and aspirational people are realists even if not intellectually efficacious. So what benefits am I talking about? Well, I was in Vietnam around 20 years ago, and its improved a great deal since, but its always been an authoritarian state. So the experience p 

Because I’ve never been offered a job by someone with less net worth than me. Every job I’ve ever had was an example of the success of capitalism/trickle down economics. As I developed skills and abilities to do more complicated stuff, I could sell those skills on the market. As my ability went up my pay went up. The highest paying job I had was “field engineer” using my chemical engineering degree in oil exploration in the Gulf of Mexico. The richies that payed me definitely had no interest in sitting on a dumpy oil rig. When the company did well I received more money, because bonuses and compa 

 You need to finish your question… Why do so many poor people still believe in capitalism compared to….. what? I'll assume you mean some form of government labeled whatever but tending towards socialism.  Capitalism is based on individual initiative and favors market mechanisms over government intervention, while socialism is based on government planning and limitations on private control of resources.  The current USA experiment on Capitalism seeks a balance between the two extremes. The reality of the USA experiment is the reason so many people believe in it is because it works more than it doesn't.  

Capitalism is still the engine to create wealth and innovation. Capitalism exists after several hundred years because it works, and it works incredibly well. The Problem with Capitalism is that people get confused by it. Americans think that for capitalism to work, you need to get Government out of the way, when in fact, it is government that allows capitalism to continue to work. In the late 19th Century and early 20th century, Capitalism was wearing down in the U.S. More and more people were moving to the Cities, which were becoming worse and worse places to live. Tenements and flop houses p 

American conservatives claim the failure of the Venezuelan economy is due to socialism. How valid is this claim?
Everywhere I go I see "Help Wanted" signs. None of these jobs pay minimum wage anymore and yet they go unfilled. What's happening?
Was the Soviet tendency to produce shoddy consumer goods the result of communism, or of monopoly?
Neither. Communism hasn’t been achieved in the USSR. Soviet rocket launchers were very good despite the monopoly of their producer. We’re still using them, 30 years after the death of the USSR. The essence of the Communist project, in the USSR or elsewhere, is to concentrate all national resources on a very narrow task: building a society without private property, where everyone contributes according to their ability, and consumes according to their needs. Hierarchy of needs In practice, this always means the following: A Socialist economy is a mobilization economy. It’s the proletarian government  

The Soviet tendency to produce shoddy consumer goods was traced directly to the bureaucracy of centralized planning. To the extent that was a feature of communism (I don’t know whether Marx ever argued for centralized planning), then you could blame that on communism. It all has to do with the differences between who got to make investment decisions in the USSR vs in normal capitalist countries. Take a jeans factory, for example. In the US, if you manufacture jeans and they turn out to be popular and sell like hotcakes, and you have a viable business operation, you can turn to the market for in 

IMHO. Communist system. The main reason for shoddy quality was absolute lack of incentives for people who were actually producing things. The only thing that may get one a little bonus was making better numbers than were assigned to him. Regardless of the quality. As a result anything that was produced at the end of the month or the year was of absolutely horrendous. When buying things I remember always looking at the day it was made. The real reason that very occasionally some products that people mention here did last for decades was that they were made from leftovers of military production. T 

I’ll illustrate with an anecdote. Some time in 1950 socialist Poland, it was noticed that the metal chandeliers made by Polish state-owned factories are incredibly flimsy. The reason was simple - the plants had a “quota” for a number of chandeliers they had to make. That quota was raised as a result of various plans made by the central government. To meet it, factories were cutting corners, using less and less metal, and the chandeliers were thus flimsy. To fix the problem, the people in central government decided that a new quota system would be implemented - each factory would have to produce a 

I will give an answer, even thou many other people have already done so, as I think I might be able to give a little more nuanced perspective. The reason that Soviet consumer goods tended to have an overall lower quality ceiling than comparable products in the west was mostly due to the amount of effort and capital that went into producing them. Often Soviet planners or factory directors would take the decision to manufacture a certain good to a lower standard of quality not because it couldn’t be built to a higher one but because the resources available limited the amount of time and effort th 

My dad spent some time behind the iron curtain working at the airport in Moscow for 5 years. One of the stories he told was his attempt to get a taxi to take him back to his apartment. He saw a row of taxis, all of them with drivers in them and indicator stating that they were available…which, being in the early afternoon, was clearly expected. He approached the first taxi and he refused to take him. Too far away he said…OK…sure. he was about 5 miles away from his apartment. So he went to the next taxi. That one just flat out refused to take him. What’s funny is that the third one said he was  

Probably you need to ask a question to modern socialist China. It seems that China will commit virtually all products of large corporations and the quality suits everyone. I am sure that you have products on which there is an inscription - made in China. You had the word communism in the question - but there was no one country in communism. There was only socialism. For example, there was the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics.  Car Moskvitch-403 1963. He has for 56 years. But now everyone is following fashion and trying to change the car. Some change the car every year. And now it is fashionabl

It is hard to answer the question uniformly. Look at it from multiple angles Soviet Republics (15 of them) prior to the split made some significant advances in many military, defense and sciences nuclear power plantsnuclear submarinesspace launch, satellitesfighter planes MIG, Sukhoi.bridge and tunnel technologygreat weapons, sold and used all over the worldConsumer technology and small/private business nearly non existent and are polar opposite. no consumer cars to be proud of other than various off-road, all terrain (бобики, уазики, зил, газ, краз, белаз) were good and sold to many countries on

Shoddy? I left Ukraine for the States 20+ years ago. Well, I still use some pots and colander my late grandma owned and used in evacuation during WWII. Some enamel has chipped but the handle is still intact and not rusting. I challenge you to find any American made. Made in China or, worse, India is something you can use for a year if you are lucky. I recall my late father fixing 20+ year bathroom/tub faucet by replacing some rubber gaskets with ones he cut out himself and it would be performing as if it were new. Depending on water quality, faucets in the States last for about 4–5 years and th 

I spent some time in the 1990s working in Russia, on consultancy projects funded by the EU, World Bank etc. I was an insolvency/bankruptcy specialist and part of broader based teams trying to help kick start a capitalist economy from scratch. There was no bankruptcy law. The last one was repealed 75 years earlier. And folk memories of it were grim… the will even to contemplate going there was muted. There was no property law. No contract law. The idea of corporate failure was alien. “But going bankrupt is illegal! We have banned bankruptcy! You want to undo 75 years of socialist progress?” Howev 

Why can't third world countries develop?
Third world mentality. I live in a shithole country and people simply have third world mentality. It’s common for people from third world coutries to blame everything and everyone else for their problems. As said in other answers the usual excuses (being a former colony, being destroyed by war, lacking natural resources, being landlocked, all these things) are BS. Another common (more modern) excuse is that “people are religious, so they are manipulated by the clergy and kept happy with the promise of an afterlife, even though their lives are sh*t”. Israel and Saudi Arabia are religious, yet they 

I guess many answers will go like this…Africans have a backwards mentality, they are lazy, they are not good at doing business, etc. But you and I know that's not the truth. You can be "lazy", or keep a laid-back attitude, but still live peacefully above the line of poverty. The reason is the same people in France –one of the wealthiest nations on earth– have been demonstrated on the streets for the 40th month in a row because they just can't make ends meet. The same reason why Greece went bankrupt. The same reason why people are living in tents on the streets of Seattle and Los Angeles. Debt. 

Its not that they aren't developing! Each country develops at their own pace. They are just not developing as fast as we are. So in fact, your question could be expanded to why arent all peoples developing at the same pace? Third world countries have been held back…..kind of like our poor have been pushed down. There are still be out there in North America that don't own and have never used a computer. During ww2, we fought over those same third world countries. Papua New Guinea was first claimed by Christopher Columbus when he stumbled upon it. Later the Japanese were there, then Germany, then 

This is a very deep and broad question. It's the sort of thing many scholars have written many books and dissertations about. I will very briefly talk about two of the important aspects: governance and demographics.  Most less developed countries have been kicked around by bigger countries in the past. This is especially true of former colonies that were robbed of their resources by imperial powers, and then abandoned. Situations like this give rise to political instability and massive corruption, and in a climate like that, progress is very difficult. Money that could be used for development i 

People in “developed” countries think that having more money and infrastructure is a sign of “development” and “advancement”. In their eyes, the so-called “third world” countries can't develop. What people don't understand that not all countries in the world give priority to having more money and taller structures etc. There are quite many countries where people give more importance in developing oneself and the community. Not every place in the world are materialistic, but somehow people in the “first world” have managed to convince everyone that having money and infrastructure is the best way 

Because of third world mentality. Even to this day after so many decades of third world countries getting their so-called independence most of them are still relying on laws, rules and regulations given to them by their respective colonising country. When USA declared itself an independent nation it created its own constitution free from any British influence. US founding fathers were going to establish a new nation and for that they need a new framework in which to establish a new nation which will help it to become what it is today. But then we can’t compare USA of 1776 with just any third w 

Because they’ve all been colonies. Well, 5 or 6 of the 10 richest countries in the world (per capita) used to be British colonies or under British rule Because they lack natural resources Well, Macau, Singapore, Luxemburg and Hongkong don’t have many natural resources, if any. Because they are overpopulated Well, the Netherlands, Germany, Taiwan, Belgium, Hongkong, Luxemburg, Qatar, Singapore are densely populated OK, because they are underpopulated No, Norway, Canada and Switzerland don’t have a lot of people living within their borders Because they are pretty big, almost too big to manage Well, the U 

There are many issues that plague the so called “Third World” countries, as mentioned in other answers such as hygiene, mentality, corruption etc, which disable them from fully achieving developed status. However I would disagree that these problems are the fundamental causes of their underdevelopment. They are, rather, a result of their underdevelopment.  Picture: Young children trying to row their boat amongst garbage. Many communities are trapped in substandard living condition with poor hygiene and no access to education or training because their country cannot provide them with anything bet 

Everybody wants to eat the piece of the pie but nobody wants to make the pie.Corruption: in some countries, it has become a culture so much so that people don’t even think that its necessarily a bad thing.The rise of stupid people in power, the biggest problem in a democracy is that the most popular lead the country not the most intellectual.Fake propaganda: major media is controlled by the government so people are always told how great there country is doing, ignorance is bliss, people don’t even know how under-developed they are.High population: the local parties may have incentives to keep 

Is development western-style industrial development? The west stole cheap raw materials and agricultural products from poor third world countries while lying to them that democracy was a godsend. Sub-Saharan Africa alone has a population of over one billion people - one billion potential new consumers with purchasing power that the west exports to lying that they are increasing standards of living and quality of life for the African people. In the colonial era, third world countries were needed to more efficiently extract, process and ship natural resources to the west. Western consulting firms w 

How much did you spend on your wedding dress? Was it worth it?
 I’ll start by saying that my fiancée and I had saved for our wedding and were prepared to pay for it all. We didn’t want to put our wedding as a burden on anyone. My mum wanted to contribute so she wanted to have a dress made for me from whichever styles I liked. I’m not a girly girl and have never enjoyed dresses, so had NO idea where to start! My father had died of cancer when I was 20, a few years before we got engaged… he never got to meet my fiancée but I’m sure he would have loved him! I hadn’t given time to how much of an emptiness without him on our special day was going to leave. I avoi 

My dress was about $1200 and I was in LOVE with it. Here is a pic of me in almost 100 degree weather…keep reading…  The “right” answer is to say how frugal I was and how that somehow will or did correspond with the success of my marriage. Not so. People with 100$ weddings divorce just like those with 10,000$ or 40,000$ divorce. Anywho… I hope to one day pass my dress onto my daughter. I loved the intricate details, the buttons in the back and the train. My goal was to look like the Duchess of Cambridge. I absolutely adored it. It was worth every penny. I never thought that I was pretty enough to g 

About $100. These are there dresses I admired.      But all of them were much more than I wanted to spend for our fairly simple wedding.   I found this dress at an outlet store for $45. My sisters tried to talk me out of it because of the low cut, but I was determined.  But it didn't have the lace I admired around the bodice. So I spent about $50 more to buy lace and beads. I tea-dyed the lace to match the dress and then spent the summer beading the lace with beads around the roses in the lace and a bead fringe. The dress was too long for me, so a friend hemmed the front, which created a small train in the 

I had a typical bihari wedding in Dhanbad, my in-law’s place. All the shoppings were done in Mumbai as I lived there before marriage. Below are the series of events. Mehendi ceremony(23rd Jan 2019)I was really excited to apply bridal heena(mehendi). Initially I was sceptical if I would get what I am looking for, as it was Dhanbad , but to my utter surprise the guy was really good. He knew his job well and done it very nicely and in a clean manner. Coming to the question, Attire: bought a kurti worth 1.5k Rs paired with a golden pair of leggings worth 699 Rs. Makeup: Minimal, self done with existin 

Way, WAY too much, but only because I bought way, WAY too many! In total, I purchased seven (7!!!) gowns, plus an extra one for photos. Starting from the top! I knew I was getting engaged soon and we had discussed having a small, very casual wedding. I found this Jenny Yoo dress at Nordstrom Rack for $99 and it was on clearance because it had been altered already. It was seriously like it was altered to fit me. It fit *perfectly* so I bought it. Photo is the stock image, and not on me.  Fast forward a bit and now we are actually engaged. My mom decides she wants to go shopping together and buy me  

Marriage is the special day in one's life. You spend lot of money not only on dresses but on every function and every arrangement. I started doing shopping few months ago my marriage , before 1.5 yr from my marriage I stopped purchasing new clothes as my mom used to say no need of buying new clothes now will do shopping before your wedding don't spend lavishly now it's going to help on your wedding day. I was not convinced by her idea but decided to agree and really I am lucky that I listened to her. Few months ago my mom buy me 5 sarees total costing 20k. I haven't wear them yet so now I feel 

My wedding shopping story is a really amusing one. So the deal was, I had only 5 days for wedding shopping. You heard it right, just 5 days. I was in Belgium for a year long project when my wedding date was fixed and as expected from an IT company, I got just 3 weeks off. The second week was for the wedding functions, third week for honeymoon, which left me with first 5 days for shopping. I landed in Delhi and started my wedding dress hunting from the very day my plane landed. I had to utilise this time in the most optimised manner as I had no time to research and certainly no time for regrets. C 

How much did you spend on your wedding dress? Was it worth it? On the dress alone? Zero dollars. And it was ten million percent worth it. When I was about 18, my mom and I were not seeing eye to eye about a lot of things. And at some point, she mentioned that she had preserved her 1965 wedding dress and hoped I would wear it someday when I got married. I replied that I thought her dress was ugly and no, I wouldn’t wear her old dress. (I’m not proud of it. I was a horrible little brat at 18.) Fast forward almost a decade. I’m now just a few months shy of 27, and I’m engaged. Mom and Dad are willin 

I spent 74000 INR (roughly 1000 USD) on my wedding dress. And yes, it was worth it. I set a budget of 30 to 40k rupees initially for the main wedding dress and 20k total for the rest of the items. However, I couldn’t find anything good in this range. So yeah, I had to fit in something way more expensive.  Have a look! And here are the details! The haldi and pooja ceremonyI wore a yellow cheap saaree for both the ceremonies. We are supposed to give it to off to someone poor after the ceremony, so I didnt splurge much on it. It was for 800 rs INR. With the blouse and some more finishing it cost me aro 

$89 USD almost 41 years ago. I saw it in Bride’s Magazine and instantly loved it. It would be hopelessly old fashioned by today’s standards, but back then, it was the height of fashion, and I REALLY wanted it. Unfortunately, it cost $3000, which was a LOT of money in 1979, so I knew it was out of reach. Still, I showed my grandmother (my grandparents raised me) and said I wanted to look for something similar. One of the big bridal stores was going out of business, so we headed there first. We looked through racks and racks, I tried a couple on, but nothing I really liked or that was flattering t 

How do the poor often waste the little money they do have?
This question is written with so much bias and stigma. Axiomatically the poor have little money and the question is how do they waste it. In my life, I’ve been both poor and well into the middle class. These days I’m more at the higher end of that range. There is an entire economic system determined to exploit the poor. When I was in University, I wanted to get a credit card. The credit card company was very condescending and explained how they were doing me favor by giving me a credit card. A while later my card was cloned and I had to swear under penalty on a recorded line that the transaction 

I see a lot of somewhat altruistic answers here related to systematic perpetuation of the poor. While that may be true in many examples, I interpreted the original question to be more about what do poor people choose to spend money on that is wasteful instead of trying to no longer be poor. Yes there’s a systematic process whereby it costs more to live poor than it does middle-class, but I also suggest that many of those systematic pressures are self-inflicted. The below summaries aren’t intended to cover everyone that’s considered poor or lower class, just those that I felt the question was ai 

When you’re broke, you can’t take advantage of sales, buy in bulk, or invest enough in prevention and maintenance. You might skimp on oil changes and end up needing a rebuilt engine, or put off going to the doctor until what could’ve been fixed with some rest now requires surgery. The psychological toil zaps your energy. You have trouble sleeping, which makes it more difficult to work and think clearly in general. Your mind becomes so preoccupied with worry you worry you’re forgetting about something if it isn’t. It’s difficult to enjoy the few good breaks you get because you always have to be  

Oh this is easy for me because I was dirt poor and worked my way out of it. Yes, when poor you lack some of the benefits of the wealthy. But I know how determined I was to get out. I studied every night to get straight A’s in school. My parents wouldn’t pay for college and I decided I was going anyway. Not one day did I sit back and wait for anything to be given to me. I wanted to EARN IT! I applied to small private schools and they offered me scholarships to go there. I worked 16 hours a day, every day I was home in the summer. I cleaned houses, was a crossing guard, worked for some veterinar 

Being poor in America is expensive. In my area, it costs $7 to cash your paycheck without a bank account. Most of the poor never have enough money saved to open an account. It costs them $4 to get a cashier’s check to pay one bill. If they have to get a check to pay power bill, garbage bill, electric bill, water bill and sewer, that is $20. Some have a credit card they can pre-pay in order to pay bills. That costs a $5 fee and the bank may charge a similar fee for every transaction. If they got their furniture at a rent to own center, they are paying over 50% interest on a sofa marked up by 100 

OK, here’s an example: For seven years my wife and I rented an apartment to a family. We rented to them because they were originally from the same Asian island nation as my wife and she thought she would be more comfortable with them. They were late on their rent almost every month. But the recycling bin was always full to the brim with take-out containers and I would see delivery drivers coming to the door a lot. She had a perfectly fine 10 year old Toyota compact car in good condition, but she traded it in for a used Kia at one of those “We Finance Anyone” places. The car lot even put their own 

When your poor everything cost more. Because stores like costco you need a membership which most poor people can’t afford. And stores like Ralps cost more to buy items in singles than packs. Even having a place to live, for example my friend and wife was poor, and didn’t have credit so he couldn't rent a apartment, so they had to live in a motel. For him to live in a shitty single room motel which was probably 200 square feet in a shitty neighborhood cost $80 to $100 a night. So every month he has to pay almost $3,000 a month. At the end they couldn't afford it anymore so he had to go back to h 

Over a lot of “stupid shit”! My Aunt Mary (mid 80’s age and frail) makes some poor financial and mental decisions and this is what keeps her in “da poor house" First , she NEVER saved for her retirement. She believed her narsasistic husband would always provide for her. Unfortunately he just gave enough only for her to exist- even after her divorce from him (she should have filed with ss and would have gotten half his check but noo!!!! $250.00 a month from her ex was good cause he “loved her”). Only when he does croak did she get a “windfall" from social security which is social security surviv 

When we were first married, we were broke. Broke. We lived from very small paycheck to really small paycheck. We got an extra $100 and blew it on fun at a go cart track. We got a credit card, and bought a boat motor. We got a big windfall of cash, we bought a camper. After all, we didn't have much fun. We deserved some fun. After a few years of fun, we were up to our nostrils in debt. We had a wallet full of maxed out credit cards. Every time the phone rang, we cringed. Debt collectors hounded us to death. We needed to buy a home, but couldn't muster up enough credit to make a down payment on a 

A little over 5 years ago i graduated high school and joined the Marine Corps. As most at the time i had a previous job at a fast food restaurant but nothing that could really prepare me for what was coming next. I was out of my parents house earning a bit over $1,400 per month. It’s not much looking back but at the time that was a lot for me. Specially since i was only making 100–200$ per week a few months back. I had no rent or mortgage, no car or any loans of the sort. However i somehow manage to spend my entire paycheck every month without exception. Most of it went to “fun” times and busines 

How do you spend your monthly salary?
29, Male, living in Australia, Educational qualifications Masters, But working as a Security Officer in the control room for one of Australia’s finest university. My monthly salary is around 5500–7000 AUD before tax, it always fluctuates depending on the overtime hours. I have given a loan to someone, which gives me around 600 AUD per month in the form of interest payment. My Monthly expenses I live in 3 bedrooms shared house, my monthly rent is 530 AUD, I pay around 150 AUD in utility bill (Electricity, Water, Gas and Internet) per month and around 150–200 AUD for grocery bill. Mobile Bill: 60 AUD 

I spent most of my money on travelling. I’ve been in more than 20 countries over the past 5 years. (I’ve been in some of them multiple times) I live by the motto: “The only real treasure is in your head. Memories are better than diamonds and nobody can steal them from you.” Because of that, I don’t waste money on luxury materialistic possessions and rather travel. I could have new Mercedes A-Class Sedan for the money I spent on holidays but I would never trade it back. I really treasure adventures that I had a chance to embark upon. Some of the people that I met on my holidays became almost like m 

I just left my full-time this month after being able to save 80% of my net salary for the majority of my employment term. I am now pursuing entrepreneurial endeavors. I took my budgeting very seriously and had my own custom Excel spreadsheet to track my spending each month. This was generally how my spending went.  Before the check even hit my bank account, almost 45% of it would already be deducted for various taxes, social security, Medicare, health benefits and contributions to my pre-tax 401K and HSA accounts. Fixed Expenses: HomeMy home expenses consist of principal, interest, property tax an 

I am a 30yr old female currently living in New York working as a Pediatric Critical Care Physician and I make $405k pre-tax per year and additional bonus which I typically receive at the end of each fiscal year. A lil background about me, I graduated from one of the top med schools in my state in India and moved to the US to pursue my residency. IMGs (International medical grads) have fewer residency opportunities when compared to AMGs (American medical grads). I wanted to get into a surgical field but being an IMG, I had to resort to a non-surgical field. My salary (or stipend) was $62–65k/yr  

I am a recently married expat staying in Singapore. One thing to consider while staying is Singapore is the rent. The real estate prices are so high that it ends up taking bulk of your salary just to pay rents unless you own a place of your own. My spending habits majorly consists of the following. All values in Singapore dollars Rent: Since i was a bachelor and was ok with sharing my place with others. I used to pay around 800-900 $ for rent while sharing my place with 2 others. This is the highest single expenditure I made. Since being married we do not share our place with anyone. I pay rent  

31 y female living in Germany. For the last year I have been trying to adapt to a more minimalistic lifestyle. These are my expense per month Expenses Rent 500 Euro ( I share rent with one other person) Groceries ~300 Euros Gym ~50 Euros Internet / Mobile ~75 Euros Spotify ~5 Euros (Family account) Eating out / Take away ~100 Euros Total : ~1100 Euros Savings Savings account (Easy Access) 500 Euros Investment account 1000 Euros Vacation fund 200 Euros Total: 1700 Euros Give Away Sponsoring Education 100 Euros Sponsoring Home/Living Expenses 300 Euros Random acts of kindness 100 Euros Total : 500 Grand Total : ~3 

I live in Bangalore, I am ~30 years old and I make around INR 6L per month (after tax). This is how I waste it: I pay 60K as rent and live in a lavish house in a good part of the cityNetflix subscription which me and family useI pay for dropbox annual subscription to keep my docs safeI pay for bills (milk, internet, grocery, medicines, fuel etc) which amount to almost 40K as I buy all things top notch quality(read: claimed as organic)I pay for help: 4 maids (2 for cleaning, 2 for cooking), 1 car cleaner, 1 laundry person, 1 gym trainer, 1 driver. This amounts to about 50KEating out: We eat out 

Writing anonymously as many of my friends, relatives on Quora. So I am an IT Manager 32 year old, married with a kid. So how I waste or spent, Salary around 1,20,000 per month after tax and VA yearly around 1.5- 2.0 l House Rent = 22000 I am living in Bangalore. Car loan emi = 11000 - I own a sedan. Fuel Expenses - 8000 pm Kids School fee - 5000 pm paid annually Maid, dth, electricity, mobile - 6000 pm Grocery,milk, vegetables, fruits - 15000 - dmart helps in control it. Annual Travel and wandering last year was 1,20,000 - means around 10k we usually visit at least 1 new place every month globe trotters 

I am a married woman, Age 27, working in a digital marketing company. My monthly salary is INR 27,500. If I don't take any leave in a month, I get an additional INR 1500 added to my salary as attendance bonus (and I try to achieve it every month as this pays me additional money. Also if you don't take any leaves, paid leaves in your bucket don't get utilized and one can get them encashed at the end of the year = more money). I take a leave only in case of an extreme emergency. Even if I am not well, I take a medicine and reach office as I like to be regular, also don't like money getting deduc 

I used to live in Bangalore(before Quarantine ;)). I work for Robert Bosch as an Vehicle communications Engineer. My current CTC is 8.4Lakhs/annum. We have concept of 10% of variable pay so my “take hand” rounds to 61,550 rupees. My philosophy about money is, If there is a need to spend, don’t even back out to spend any amount; but not even a single penny should be wasted. In my initial days of my job I made a lot of mistakes with money. After realization I became super conscious about spending it. My expenses: House rent : 8000 Rupees. I live alone in a single room at Maratahalli. It’s not a lav

What are the everyday household items that are worth spending the extra money on?
How do you spend your monthly salary?
29, Male, living in Australia, Educational qualifications Masters, But working as a Security Officer in the control room for one of Australia’s finest university. My monthly salary is around 5500–7000 AUD before tax, it always fluctuates depending on the overtime hours. I have given a loan to someone, which gives me around 600 AUD per month in the form of interest payment. My Monthly expenses I live in 3 bedrooms shared house, my monthly rent is 530 AUD, I pay around 150 AUD in utility bill (Electricity, Water, Gas and Internet) per month and around 150–200 AUD for grocery bill. Mobile Bill: 60 AUD 

I spent most of my money on travelling. I’ve been in more than 20 countries over the past 5 years. (I’ve been in some of them multiple times) I live by the motto: “The only real treasure is in your head. Memories are better than diamonds and nobody can steal them from you.” Because of that, I don’t waste money on luxury materialistic possessions and rather travel. I could have new Mercedes A-Class Sedan for the money I spent on holidays but I would never trade it back. I really treasure adventures that I had a chance to embark upon. Some of the people that I met on my holidays became almost like m 

I just left my full-time this month after being able to save 80% of my net salary for the majority of my employment term. I am now pursuing entrepreneurial endeavors. I took my budgeting very seriously and had my own custom Excel spreadsheet to track my spending each month. This was generally how my spending went.  Before the check even hit my bank account, almost 45% of it would already be deducted for various taxes, social security, Medicare, health benefits and contributions to my pre-tax 401K and HSA accounts. Fixed Expenses: HomeMy home expenses consist of principal, interest, property tax an 

I am a 30yr old female currently living in New York working as a Pediatric Critical Care Physician and I make $405k pre-tax per year and additional bonus which I typically receive at the end of each fiscal year. A lil background about me, I graduated from one of the top med schools in my state in India and moved to the US to pursue my residency. IMGs (International medical grads) have fewer residency opportunities when compared to AMGs (American medical grads). I wanted to get into a surgical field but being an IMG, I had to resort to a non-surgical field. My salary (or stipend) was $62–65k/yr  

I am a recently married expat staying in Singapore. One thing to consider while staying is Singapore is the rent. The real estate prices are so high that it ends up taking bulk of your salary just to pay rents unless you own a place of your own. My spending habits majorly consists of the following. All values in Singapore dollars Rent: Since i was a bachelor and was ok with sharing my place with others. I used to pay around 800-900 $ for rent while sharing my place with 2 others. This is the highest single expenditure I made. Since being married we do not share our place with anyone. I pay rent  

31 y female living in Germany. For the last year I have been trying to adapt to a more minimalistic lifestyle. These are my expense per month Expenses Rent 500 Euro ( I share rent with one other person) Groceries ~300 Euros Gym ~50 Euros Internet / Mobile ~75 Euros Spotify ~5 Euros (Family account) Eating out / Take away ~100 Euros Total : ~1100 Euros Savings Savings account (Easy Access) 500 Euros Investment account 1000 Euros Vacation fund 200 Euros Total: 1700 Euros Give Away Sponsoring Education 100 Euros Sponsoring Home/Living Expenses 300 Euros Random acts of kindness 100 Euros Total : 500 Grand Total : ~3 

I live in Bangalore, I am ~30 years old and I make around INR 6L per month (after tax). This is how I waste it: I pay 60K as rent and live in a lavish house in a good part of the cityNetflix subscription which me and family useI pay for dropbox annual subscription to keep my docs safeI pay for bills (milk, internet, grocery, medicines, fuel etc) which amount to almost 40K as I buy all things top notch quality(read: claimed as organic)I pay for help: 4 maids (2 for cleaning, 2 for cooking), 1 car cleaner, 1 laundry person, 1 gym trainer, 1 driver. This amounts to about 50KEating out: We eat out 

Writing anonymously as many of my friends, relatives on Quora. So I am an IT Manager 32 year old, married with a kid. So how I waste or spent, Salary around 1,20,000 per month after tax and VA yearly around 1.5- 2.0 l House Rent = 22000 I am living in Bangalore. Car loan emi = 11000 - I own a sedan. Fuel Expenses - 8000 pm Kids School fee - 5000 pm paid annually Maid, dth, electricity, mobile - 6000 pm Grocery,milk, vegetables, fruits - 15000 - dmart helps in control it. Annual Travel and wandering last year was 1,20,000 - means around 10k we usually visit at least 1 new place every month globe trotters 

I am a married woman, Age 27, working in a digital marketing company. My monthly salary is INR 27,500. If I don't take any leave in a month, I get an additional INR 1500 added to my salary as attendance bonus (and I try to achieve it every month as this pays me additional money. Also if you don't take any leaves, paid leaves in your bucket don't get utilized and one can get them encashed at the end of the year = more money). I take a leave only in case of an extreme emergency. Even if I am not well, I take a medicine and reach office as I like to be regular, also don't like money getting deduc 

I used to live in Bangalore(before Quarantine ;)). I work for Robert Bosch as an Vehicle communications Engineer. My current CTC is 8.4Lakhs/annum. We have concept of 10% of variable pay so my “take hand” rounds to 61,550 rupees. My philosophy about money is, If there is a need to spend, don’t even back out to spend any amount; but not even a single penny should be wasted. In my initial days of my job I made a lot of mistakes with money. After realization I became super conscious about spending it. My expenses: House rent : 8000 Rupees. I live alone in a single room at Maratahalli. It’s not a lav

What do people spend a six figure salary on?
What are some clever ways to live below your means but not notice it too much?
How can I spend my hours usefully rather than wasting it?
What is the psychology behind wealthy people who don't spend their money and act as middle class?
I am going to speak from experience: I had a family member who grew up in poverty, barely scrapped by to finish trade school. However, he had a huge work ethic and he performed well at his first job and eventually partnered with someone to start his HV/AC business. Fast forward to when I was born, he had 2 houses by the country club and a couple of rental properties through the city, on top of his business. I looked at it as normal as a kid, rich guy buying himself nice things. However, when I grew older I began noticing the genius behind his financial moves: He sold his first country club home fo 

There are 3 types of rich people: The classic rich (old money)The nouveau riche (newly rich)The incidentally rich The Classic Rich are the ones who are legacy at Harvard or Oxford or whatever. Their families have had money for generations and built it up over generations. They tend to look like this:   The nouveau riche are people who made a lot of money in their own lifetimes. They tend to be the CEOs of very profitable industries.  That’s Mark Zuckerberg in his Acura TSX. $30,000  And then, there’s the incidentally rich. These are anyone who made their money from skills that have nothing to do with m 

I am daughter of an old family. My family is not aristocratic nor rich, but we can trace our family beyond the 30 Years War, and we have a lot of military, engineering, science and politician characters in our family. Our sense of belonging together is strong. My father always taught me that money is like manure; it is to be used to grow things. If you hoard it, it stinks. If you display it, it stinks. When it is used to grow things ( = invested in real estate, stock or other assets), it will provide you security and ability to acquire nice things in life. Not happiness, but sense of security. T 

I am probably not what you would describe as wealthy, but I do have a lot of experience with being a lot richer and better off than my peers and most people not realising it. And you know why that is? It’s awesome. For the past ten years, since I was at university, I have been making a lot more than all of my friends. They have struggled with tough times. Graduating university in the midst of the recession. Struggling to get a job. Living in increasingly lower quality accommodation in worse areas as London prices got more and more unaffordable while their salaries remained stagnant. I could have sk 

Please keep in mind, when reading this reply, that it comes from someone who afford dental care. We survive by living without grid-supplied electricity or on-demand hot water. That's just to let you know that we aren't in a position to identify with being rich. So here goes. Nice question, but permit me to digress from a direct answer and hop on my hobby horse, vis a vis the general challenges facing the rich in a country like America, where the social safety net is rather weak and being poor has real, fear-inducing consequences. So,,,,,,,,, Once all one's basic needs are well taken care of, and  

Not sure there is always a deep psychological reason. Sure, sometimes there is. Almost all wealthy people have seen some friends and associates become `previously wealthy` due to: Spending habits and/orTheir business has gone bad, and they didn’t have multiple streams of income in the bad timesMost people only become wealthy because they are the type of person that places more emphasis on security, stability and freedom than on consumption. Those with high incomes but bad spending habits either don’t become wealthy in the first place, or lose it as soon as their income power goes down. That is one 

Like most of my friends, I came from a middle class family and built an upper middle class lifestyle slowly over time. In truth, based on my net worth, I can no longer claim to be any part of the middle class. The more my wealth grows, the more desperately I cling to my middle class roots and simultaneously feel like a fraud. My reasons include: I want to maintain my relationships with my friends and family. I find that most middle class people misunderstand the nature and power of wealth which can cause friction or jealously. It’s easier to maintain the appearance of status quo.At my core, I a

 Warren Buffett, the fourth wealthiest individual in the world, still lives in the same house he bought for just over $30k in the late 1950s. His diet consists of fast food and he doesn’t carry around a cellphone. “I have everything I need to have, and I don't need any more because it doesn't make a difference after a point,” says Buffett, explaining why his cost of life doesn’t have to reflect the amount of money he has. We all wish we could be in the same position: “I have billions of dollars, but I don’t need to spend it all.” Instead, we can only fathom what it’s like in the upper echelons o 

Forget for a moment the convoluted snobbery involved in “acting middle class” because it’s considered gauche to do otherwise. It strikes me that the people who make a big deal about, say, driving an old car when they could afford a fancy one are way too caught up in class consciousness. Forget for a moment that the state of wealthiness is not static, and that most people we consider wealthy-ish (2 million dollars net worth) are not guaranteed lifetime membership into the upper class. A bad investment here, a gambling problem there, and suddenly they find themselves back in the 80 percent. Most p 

They’re money hoarders. To most people, they’re the type of wealthy people to be admired and should be a role model of all wealthy people. It makes perfect sense for people who don’t have money to buy “extravagant” things like $30k purses, $1M cars, $500M houses, $80M planes and $200M yachts. If you have the money, these things aren’t extravagant. What people think is extravagant is relative. Buying a thick steak and grilling it in your backyard like what average middle class Americans do is extravagant to someone who can’t even afford a cup of rice. The thing is very wealthy people who act like 

If you were given a huge amount of money to spend then suddenly they took it away, how would you feel?
What is cheap when you're poor and expensive when you're rich?
When you are poor, compassion is cheap. When you are rich, compassion is expensive. We are not rich by western standards, but we have food every day, 2 cars, we each have our own bedroom in our family and my kids go to decent schools, not the top private schools and not the worst government schools but somewhere in between. We don't have enough money to eat out and for holidays we go camping not skiing. We are not considered rich and we are not considered poor by most people. A guy who regularly does house painting for us, Michael, messaged my wife, he hasn't had any work for a few weeks, and sud 

When you’re poor: time is nearly worthless When you’re rich: time is expensive and worth money Many poor people tend to kill time rather than using their free time to invest in themselves which will allow them to grow wealthier. Poor people see time as not relating to money usually, and time can’t be traded for money. Poor people see their free time just to “kill.” Wealthy people make beneficial use for their future out of the free time they have. They view time as money essentially. It is completely fine to have some fun and to kill time, but it is important to use time management where you also 

Taxes. At least, in theory, taxes. Adam Smith wrote in the Wealth of Nations: “The subjects of every state ought to contribute towards the support of the government, as nearly as possible, in proportion to their respective abilities; that is, in proportion to the revenue which they respectively enjoy under the protection of the state.” Also: "It is not very unreasonable that the rich should contribute to the public expense, not only in proportion to their revenue, but something more than in that proportion", because a tax on "the luxuries and vanities of life [which] occasion the principal expens 

 Should Conor McGregor do his own chores? The man in the picture earned north of $30,000,000 in 2019 alone. Conor McGregor is one of the world’s biggest sports superstars. If he washes his clothes by himself, spending 1 hour of his time, he will save $20 on hiring a housekeeper. “LOL. WHY WOULD HE DO THAT! JUST PAY SOMEONE ELSE.” —you will say and you will be right. But wait… in one scenario, he will spend $20 and, in another scenario, he will spend $0. Why will anyone choose the former?! The reason is that we ignored the opportunity cost. In other words, we only looked at the money aspect of things 

Gotta go back to something as simple as … a dish of Ramen. When I was starting out - college, first job, second job… third job and a half…Ramen noodles alone went from $.10 a pack to $.33 cents a pack. MSG and high sodium be darned! (Hey, I’m still living!) Along with cup a soups and others, Ramen was my go to as well because I could add to it when I had a few more cents to make quite a good dish. Many a night I had Ramen and cut up hot dogs, hard boiled eggs, veggies, cooked it in turkey broth, chicken broth, etc. (Not all at once, btw…only could afford one ingredient or one broth to go in it) 

Education When you are poor, you are bound to go to public school for free. If you are very lucky, you may get to go to a private school on scholarship. Additionally, you should get a substantial scholarship towards university. Even with scholarships like the Pell Grant, If you don’t work through college, you’re still highly likely to end up in pretty significant debt, BUT the nominal amount you and your family pay will be dramatically lower then more well off families (that being said, it is worth pointing out that student from a truly wealthy family will have their tuition paid for by their f 

 From 6 a.m., the couple is the picture, without fail, I would see daily, they are there from sunrise to sunset and would pack up and leave before the municipality's officer passes by this spot to make sure that they are gone as these parts of Bangkok are homes for the rich and famous. How much is it worth to own Premier League football team Leicester City? On paper, Leicester City F.C. worths US$ 5.9 billion.How much do you think the OWNER of this Football Club is worth? It is beyond you and me to guess that not only the football club but also the founder, owner, and chairman of "King Power Dut

Just TIME (opportunity cost)  Poor = You can try out different fields &amp; stuff to find your passion, OR Can spend time to get good at a new profession (as apprentice) even if you are a middle aged person. Being apprentice in some thing fascinates you. For time spend on such stuff is sunk cost (never yield return if you don’t stick to a profession until gain mastery) but worth giving try as will turn you into a professional. Many of us finds in their middle age about the stuff we were born for and the talent enclosed in our genetic code, but by then most of us has a white collar job and a career to  

Joy. When you are poor, there are so many opportunities for a delicious little moment in life. Winning a $20 gift card, getting a free coffee at Starbucks, getting a $0.50/hour raise after only working at a job for a month. Those are all cause for a luminous bit of joy, hope that life is not so endlessly bleak after all. But when you are rich, those same moments either mean so little or have already been dulled in time. To someone worth multiple millions, $20 is not going to make any difference in his day, not even $200 or $2,000. Indeed, it may take winning a $20K or $200K prize to bring even a 

Entertainment. When I was poor, I had to entertain myself for virtually no money. Take the kids to the park: free. Attend a free concert: free. Watch the sunset: free. Sitting on the shore watching ships sail by: free. But that’s never good enough when you have money. The kids “need” to go to Disney. Movie theater instead of borrowing a dvd from the library. Tickets to the a touring music show instead of whoever is playing free in the park this weekend. 18 holes of golf instead of driving balls in the park. Taking the kids to the beach or the mountains on spring break instead of them sitting on  

Why is capitalism so successful?
Capitalism is better at marshalling resources than its other nearest competitors, feudalism (and other “ancient” systems) and Marxist/Maoist socialism. “The free market” is just flat-out superior compared to planned economies and whatever else the old systems were doing. Because of its seeming invincibility, it’s very difficult to actually imagine an alternative to capitalism, which perpetuates capitalism as everyone just goes along with it. That’s the TL;DR answer. Read on for rambling.  Examples of capitalism’s triumph over other systems:  US Civil War: Union (capitalist) victory over feudal, slav 

Capitalism is so successful because it is the political system (the only political system) that respects the conditions necessary for humans to succeed. Those conditions are identified by the concept of individual rights. There is only one fundamental distinction between political systems, underlying all superficial variety and mixtures: are individual rights protected? "Capitalism" refers to a political and economic system that was developed in Europe and America during the Enlightenment. It is characterized by private ownership of property, rather than state control. More fundamentally, it res 

Capitalism is often regarded to as the single most prosperous, successful and egalitarian economic system in human history. Capitalism is an economic system where private entities own the factors of production. The four factors are entrepreneurship, capital goods, natural resources, and labor. Capitalism is a pretty good economic system. It allows people to work and earn their eay through life. If we look at the global wealth distribution, we can see that 86% of the wealth is owned by 10% of the people. In the last 10 years, the number of billionaires have doubled with one billionaire being creat 

Why is capitalism so successful? Because it is easy Capitalism is so easy that worms and germs do it Not sharing, how hard is that? Animals do not share the fruits of their labor BY DEFAULT It is NOT a human invention, living things have been capitalist BEFORE complex lifeforms have evolved It is like asking Why is walking so successful? It is easy to do and so it is widespread And being widespread and so easy to do People think it must be successful … Lol Roads, libraries, nations, even inventions They would not be possible if humans are ONLY capable of capitalism Some humans are capable of doing things for 

Capitalism is the only economic system that is natural to man’s nature. Also, the options available under Capitalism are the only alternative to political power, which has almost always been pure and naked force of desire by the rulers and status quo. If the Emporer of China feels that his trade junks cause a threat to his cultural might, he orders them sunk, the shipyards raised, and the increase in wealth that is lost is of no concern to him or his Court, and the seamen and merchants are just SOL, with no power for remedy. The dictator of Korea literally has power over what hairstyle one can  

This question is incomplete. It assumes the meaning of the word “successful” is immediately given. But success implies an end, goal, or purpose. A given thing or activity cannot be successful san phrase, without qualifications. It must be successful in a particular way, namely— by performing a particular function well. What’s interesting about this question is the assumption that everyone immediately knows what it means for capitalism to be successful: the creation of wealth or material things. This can be assumed because no informed person can argue the point. There is no doubt. Capitalist soc 

Oh it is just great, if you are a member of the privileged economic parasitc social class called the capitalist class. Why? Well, it reproduces the relative and absolute poverty, from its Great Money Trick of the waged ration system, where the wealth creating and producing working class 90–95%, have to continue to re-present themselves for their rations in order to live. But in the process, the producers create a surplus value above their waged rations, from which the economic parasitic class, the 5–10% capitalist class, can derive accumulated profits after sale on the markets. The capital being  

So, there’s going to be your slew of obvious answers. I’m not an economist or historian, but I’ve been pondering something that might not be contained in most. I think about entropy. That is, the natural moving of ordered states to disorder. It’s one of the most fundamental forces in nature, and is enshrined in the second law of thermodynamics: “The second law of thermodynamics states that the entropy of any isolated system always increases.” We tend not to think about this when we look at human systems, but it applies to us all the same. Things break, civilisations fall, people die. When you con 

I believe it is because of the Economic calculation problem - Wikipedia. Other reasons are the flexibility and resilience of such system. It simply means that more heads think better. So since everyone is stimulated to act in own interest and can have a vote on the economic policy (expressed by the individual economic actions), then the “crowd intelligence” will beat the “central planning”, because the central planning means that a small group has to get all data, analyze all of it and make all the decisions, which is exponentially growing task with the growth of the population. So “central pla 

Capitalism is so successful because it works. Other systems are not successful because they do not work. The only mainstream proposed altenatives are socialism and communism (where socialism is, in practice, simply a trojan alias for communism), and these systems have failed every single time they were implemented (and yes, they were implemented). When I say that a system “works”, what I mean is that it provides a good quality of life for individuals within that system, defined by their ability to have their basic needs fulfilled, for them to express their ideas and opinions freely, and to follow 

Everywhere I go I see "Help Wanted" signs. None of these jobs pay minimum wage anymore and yet they go unfilled. What's happening?
It was late October, 2006. In order to escape insomnia and burnout from school and a bad family environment, I went to live on a farm in Doylestown, PA, US. I worked for the local Kmart store from 9 - 6pm during the retail season (Nov - Jan). The exact ad I saw on their window right near the entrance was “Help Wanted, Good Pay”.  The minimum at that time was $5.15. (Which in my opinion, was way too low compared to the cost of living in 2006). The position paid $9.25 an hour. I worked as an “Utilities and Receivings” associate. The hiring manager (HR) at the time was Mary Ann. You start off clocki 

In the UK there's 76.000 truck driving vacancies— mostly filled by agency workers, many from E. Europe. My stepfather was a trucker- he drove tippers he was good at it too. My Mum was a Midwife. He smoked heavily and drank too much but never missed a days work. We lived in a nice semi detached bungalow- in a posh bit of a shitty city. Had a new car every few years and an old car too. Holidays and a decent lower middle class lifestyle— even though we are common as muck working class people. I drove trucks too. My own as it happens. I took my test 34 yrs ago. And with four days of lessons and the t 

W.O.W. Privileged answerers unite! I worked these not-minimum-wage jobs. I can tell you exactly why they are not fulfilled and why people working them do not make 50k a year. There is no minimum hour for these jobs. I was hired under the condition that I would be consistently available for work no less than 20 to 25 hours every week. However the most I was scheduled was 12 hours. The least I worked for one week was 4.5 hours, just one half day shift before my employer had to pay for a mandetory lunch break. Those unfulfilled hours I can no longer make available to a second employer, because: The  

For one thing, I doubt that they are much above minimum wage. One trick is to pay slightly above minimum wage in order to seem more generous than they really are. However, I used to work in one of those jobs as manager. Let's compare it to my wife's job. Firstly, my job: I was running around like a headless chicken trying to get things done on time because they chronically understaffed us.I was expected to produce consistently high quality which, to do at the speed they insisted, demanded very high skills.I had two types of shift, and early and a late. If I did an early, I'd lose the evening be

As one of those people who have “help wanted” signs on his door perhaps I can answer: The minimum wage in my state is $7.25. My jobs pay $12.50, a good bit above the minimum. I also sell stuff that a lot of people want and give all of my employees a discount that equates to about my cost on whatever they buy. I promise you between 25 and 35 hours a week, sometimes more. (although I do have one employee right now who only wants to work 10 horus per week and that is ok with since the others get a bit more) Now, what is going wrong? first my business is in an affluent area of town so the younger adu

Those jobs aren't paying enough for the skill they require or the manager gets applicants and feels they do not meet the qualifications. People think they are going to find Jeff Bezos or Elon Musk for low pay. They want too quality employees who dont need any training and will work for low pay. $12 an hour isnt minimum wage, its not really a good living way either. Sometimes time is better spent learning a skill or lounging around and relaxing. Other times you may take the job because its something but its only going to be until you get something better, which will probably only take a month or 

Answer is anecdotal. Take it or leave it. I’ve recently been on the job market—with almost twenty years of academia, five years in my current field, and credentials spanning multiple disciplines, I was routinely getting recruiters contacting me for jobs that paid $50k a year and under. I just passed on a job asking for a full stack developer with at least two years of experience spanning a fairly extensive swathe of the Microsoft stack and multiple degrees…. for $45k a year. I passed on another which offered to pay me $65k a year, but demanded that I be able to relocate at least twice a year and  

Wage is what is called a hygiene factor. Meaning it has to be good enough for a person to take a job. In economics there is also a thing, that is called an utility curve, where people compare sets of options to come to a highest possible curve, that gives them an optimal curve, they will not seek suboptimal circumstances. One comparison can be leisure time versus say wage for hours worked. If a job doesn’t have enough motivating factors such as achievement, responsibility, opportunity to do something meaningful, involvement in decision making, sense of importance, then hours worked for salary w 

How do you know they are going unfilled? How would you define that? Let's first assume they are going unfilled. One reason is they don't wish to pay enough to attract AND keep people. No trick to get people, but it takes more to keep them. A Pappa Johns close to me has its hiring sign out now for nearly a year straight. They pay less than minimum wage. That is to say they pay drivers less because they are considered tipped employees. They start at $2.15 an hour. They are also expected to work in the store when not driving. When they come back to the store they are expected to clock out as a dri 

I cant speak for more urban and developed areas, only from my experience in rural Oklahoma. I've lived by Bartlesville, Mcalester, and now Durant, from the Kansas border to the Texas border. My first job in high school was working at a sonic drive in. The may was minimum but we got to keep our tips, it let me pay insurance on my car, put some money back, and still have enough for a little fun afterwards. I was the intended age group for an entry level position. Everyone above me however was there because it was all they could get. There was something holding them back from higher paying jobs an 

Did Ronald Reagan's tax cuts permanently affect the U.S. economy?
How do poor people in Spain, Italy and Greece keep their houses cool?
How do the poor often waste the little money they do have?
This question is written with so much bias and stigma. Axiomatically the poor have little money and the question is how do they waste it. In my life, I’ve been both poor and well into the middle class. These days I’m more at the higher end of that range. There is an entire economic system determined to exploit the poor. When I was in University, I wanted to get a credit card. The credit card company was very condescending and explained how they were doing me favor by giving me a credit card. A while later my card was cloned and I had to swear under penalty on a recorded line that the transaction 

I see a lot of somewhat altruistic answers here related to systematic perpetuation of the poor. While that may be true in many examples, I interpreted the original question to be more about what do poor people choose to spend money on that is wasteful instead of trying to no longer be poor. Yes there’s a systematic process whereby it costs more to live poor than it does middle-class, but I also suggest that many of those systematic pressures are self-inflicted. The below summaries aren’t intended to cover everyone that’s considered poor or lower class, just those that I felt the question was ai 

When you’re broke, you can’t take advantage of sales, buy in bulk, or invest enough in prevention and maintenance. You might skimp on oil changes and end up needing a rebuilt engine, or put off going to the doctor until what could’ve been fixed with some rest now requires surgery. The psychological toil zaps your energy. You have trouble sleeping, which makes it more difficult to work and think clearly in general. Your mind becomes so preoccupied with worry you worry you’re forgetting about something if it isn’t. It’s difficult to enjoy the few good breaks you get because you always have to be  

Oh this is easy for me because I was dirt poor and worked my way out of it. Yes, when poor you lack some of the benefits of the wealthy. But I know how determined I was to get out. I studied every night to get straight A’s in school. My parents wouldn’t pay for college and I decided I was going anyway. Not one day did I sit back and wait for anything to be given to me. I wanted to EARN IT! I applied to small private schools and they offered me scholarships to go there. I worked 16 hours a day, every day I was home in the summer. I cleaned houses, was a crossing guard, worked for some veterinar 

Being poor in America is expensive. In my area, it costs $7 to cash your paycheck without a bank account. Most of the poor never have enough money saved to open an account. It costs them $4 to get a cashier’s check to pay one bill. If they have to get a check to pay power bill, garbage bill, electric bill, water bill and sewer, that is $20. Some have a credit card they can pre-pay in order to pay bills. That costs a $5 fee and the bank may charge a similar fee for every transaction. If they got their furniture at a rent to own center, they are paying over 50% interest on a sofa marked up by 100 

OK, here’s an example: For seven years my wife and I rented an apartment to a family. We rented to them because they were originally from the same Asian island nation as my wife and she thought she would be more comfortable with them. They were late on their rent almost every month. But the recycling bin was always full to the brim with take-out containers and I would see delivery drivers coming to the door a lot. She had a perfectly fine 10 year old Toyota compact car in good condition, but she traded it in for a used Kia at one of those “We Finance Anyone” places. The car lot even put their own 

When your poor everything cost more. Because stores like costco you need a membership which most poor people can’t afford. And stores like Ralps cost more to buy items in singles than packs. Even having a place to live, for example my friend and wife was poor, and didn’t have credit so he couldn't rent a apartment, so they had to live in a motel. For him to live in a shitty single room motel which was probably 200 square feet in a shitty neighborhood cost $80 to $100 a night. So every month he has to pay almost $3,000 a month. At the end they couldn't afford it anymore so he had to go back to h 

Over a lot of “stupid shit”! My Aunt Mary (mid 80’s age and frail) makes some poor financial and mental decisions and this is what keeps her in “da poor house" First , she NEVER saved for her retirement. She believed her narsasistic husband would always provide for her. Unfortunately he just gave enough only for her to exist- even after her divorce from him (she should have filed with ss and would have gotten half his check but noo!!!! $250.00 a month from her ex was good cause he “loved her”). Only when he does croak did she get a “windfall" from social security which is social security surviv 

When we were first married, we were broke. Broke. We lived from very small paycheck to really small paycheck. We got an extra $100 and blew it on fun at a go cart track. We got a credit card, and bought a boat motor. We got a big windfall of cash, we bought a camper. After all, we didn't have much fun. We deserved some fun. After a few years of fun, we were up to our nostrils in debt. We had a wallet full of maxed out credit cards. Every time the phone rang, we cringed. Debt collectors hounded us to death. We needed to buy a home, but couldn't muster up enough credit to make a down payment on a 

A little over 5 years ago i graduated high school and joined the Marine Corps. As most at the time i had a previous job at a fast food restaurant but nothing that could really prepare me for what was coming next. I was out of my parents house earning a bit over $1,400 per month. It’s not much looking back but at the time that was a lot for me. Specially since i was only making 100–200$ per week a few months back. I had no rent or mortgage, no car or any loans of the sort. However i somehow manage to spend my entire paycheck every month without exception. Most of it went to “fun” times and busines 

What is it like to be a child in poverty in the US?
How can small businesses survive with a minimum wage of $15/hr?
I'm not an economist, so I may be missing any amount of minutiae, but this is what I perceive from even my simple understanding of raising minimum costs and shifting from a burden of choice on the employee (to request a higher salary or find better work) to a burden of cost on the employer (who can't decline this 'raise' to their workers and needs to adjust): The small business:Generally, small businesses aren't well-to-do to begin with and many operate on ephemeral margins (or even at losses) for years. Fortunately, they tend not to hire a lot of staff. Unfortunately, each worker may be criti 

Thanks for asking.  Some of my answer will probably be a re-phrasing of some of the points made by other postings but you are correct in your idea that it is not going to be good for small businesses.  However, a complete answer is a complicated dynamic of the forces that drive an economy and not merely a simple proclamation of, "We need to pay these people more money because what they make won't support a family at the poverty level." When anyone stands on a stump and starts proclaiming that the minimum wage needs to be raised, in this instance, to $15 an hour I would be willing to bet that he 

How come people can't see that raising the middle wage to $15 an hour would crush small businesses? The premises have been laid out enough times in this thread, but to repeat: There is no state in the United States where $7.25 an hour for a 40 hour week will allow an independent adult to pay all their bills.Statistically, most people who make minimum wage receive some sort of government subsidy, e.g. food stamps or rent assistance, even if they work full time.So when you talk about keeping the minimum wage low in order to help small businesses, what you’re really asking for is the government to  

When I was born in 1960, the minimum wage in the United States was $1.00. Today that dollar is the equivalent of $8.84 when adjusted for inflation, which is more than the current minimum wage. I started working at the age of 13 (under the table) in 1973, when the minimum wage was $1.60 ($9.43 in today’s money). By 1990 the minimum wage was $3.80, the equivalent of $7.61 today, which means that the minimum wage actually decreased to less than it was in both 1960 and 1973. Ten years later it appeared to increase to $5.15 ($7.82), but was still below what is was when I was born 40 years earlier. In 2 

Knock off the politics people.  The small businesses which are taking advantage of the lower labor to beat the costs will succumb to those which are paying quality staff already above the minimum wage. People act as if you have to hire minimum wage if you're a small businesses. Now that company is dead, the competition is going to have a higher demand for his services, and can hire on some of those lost. Companies can lean out the top heavy salaries. Everyone in the company making over 400K receives 5% less pay, and you could pay all the entry level and retain the same profits and employ more qu 

The question: How can small businesses survive with a minimum wage of $15/hr? Plenty of small businesses currently pay a minimum wage of $15 per hour. It’s not a death sentence to businesses to pay out up to $31,200 per year to each employee, and plenty do it. Indeed, we know this is the case, because we have case studies like Seattle, where they implemented a $15 minimum wage and small business didn’t die and where take-home pay seems to have gone up. So, how can small businesses survive with a minimum wage of $15 per hour? I dunno, the obvious answer seems to be “by not being incompetently run. 

I’ve been involved in small business for over 40 years, as an employee, as a small business President for a company I didn’t own. And as the owner of my own small businesses. I’ve also been hired as a consultant by other business owners in various aspects of their business. I’ve also known and worked with hundreds of other small business owners and discussed business with them. I have made the hiring decisions for literally thousands of employees. And decided how much they would get paid. Interviewed managed fired when necessary. So to say I’ve got a lot of relative experience on this issue is a 

The other answers here have mentioned how it wouldn’t actually crush small businesses and all, but my answer’s going to focus on the other bit. Namely… is it a bad thing if it does? Now I’m a socialist, and one who leans heavily on the libertarian side of things. I am entirely in favour of small independent businesses and I very much dislike large corporations and monopolies. However the reason I am anti-corporation is not just for the sake of being anti-corporation. I am anti-corporation because corporations, when given too much power, always make the lives of workers and the rest of the popula 

Too many people think small business owners make millions and are screwing the workers. There are people who seem to think that if you can’t pay a living wage you shouldn’t have a business. These same people have never owned a business. Most small business like my wife’s franchise do not make and can not make enough to pay 15 an hour. It would come out of her small income that she makes. Now the employees job. Grading papers. How many people here think paying a 16 - 18 year old in school to grade papers is worth 15 an hour. She been working 70 hours plus since COVID with less customers because 

The small business that is flexible to change will adjust. Either prices of goods and services offered will increase OR employee hours will change. The following are examples of businesses I'm connected with in my area and what they're doing in response to a local increase in the minimum wage: Retail boutique with 4 sales people on the floor: One will be let go, the other 3 will have reduced hours and the owner will work more hours. Prices will increase 15% across the board. The hair salon with 7 employees and 6 contractors will reduce the hours of the employees OR recommend that they become con 

Everywhere I go I see "Help Wanted" signs. None of these jobs pay minimum wage anymore and yet they go unfilled. What's happening?
It was late October, 2006. In order to escape insomnia and burnout from school and a bad family environment, I went to live on a farm in Doylestown, PA, US. I worked for the local Kmart store from 9 - 6pm during the retail season (Nov - Jan). The exact ad I saw on their window right near the entrance was “Help Wanted, Good Pay”.  The minimum at that time was $5.15. (Which in my opinion, was way too low compared to the cost of living in 2006). The position paid $9.25 an hour. I worked as an “Utilities and Receivings” associate. The hiring manager (HR) at the time was Mary Ann. You start off clocki 

In the UK there's 76.000 truck driving vacancies— mostly filled by agency workers, many from E. Europe. My stepfather was a trucker- he drove tippers he was good at it too. My Mum was a Midwife. He smoked heavily and drank too much but never missed a days work. We lived in a nice semi detached bungalow- in a posh bit of a shitty city. Had a new car every few years and an old car too. Holidays and a decent lower middle class lifestyle— even though we are common as muck working class people. I drove trucks too. My own as it happens. I took my test 34 yrs ago. And with four days of lessons and the t 

W.O.W. Privileged answerers unite! I worked these not-minimum-wage jobs. I can tell you exactly why they are not fulfilled and why people working them do not make 50k a year. There is no minimum hour for these jobs. I was hired under the condition that I would be consistently available for work no less than 20 to 25 hours every week. However the most I was scheduled was 12 hours. The least I worked for one week was 4.5 hours, just one half day shift before my employer had to pay for a mandetory lunch break. Those unfulfilled hours I can no longer make available to a second employer, because: The  

For one thing, I doubt that they are much above minimum wage. One trick is to pay slightly above minimum wage in order to seem more generous than they really are. However, I used to work in one of those jobs as manager. Let's compare it to my wife's job. Firstly, my job: I was running around like a headless chicken trying to get things done on time because they chronically understaffed us.I was expected to produce consistently high quality which, to do at the speed they insisted, demanded very high skills.I had two types of shift, and early and a late. If I did an early, I'd lose the evening be

As one of those people who have “help wanted” signs on his door perhaps I can answer: The minimum wage in my state is $7.25. My jobs pay $12.50, a good bit above the minimum. I also sell stuff that a lot of people want and give all of my employees a discount that equates to about my cost on whatever they buy. I promise you between 25 and 35 hours a week, sometimes more. (although I do have one employee right now who only wants to work 10 horus per week and that is ok with since the others get a bit more) Now, what is going wrong? first my business is in an affluent area of town so the younger adu

Those jobs aren't paying enough for the skill they require or the manager gets applicants and feels they do not meet the qualifications. People think they are going to find Jeff Bezos or Elon Musk for low pay. They want too quality employees who dont need any training and will work for low pay. $12 an hour isnt minimum wage, its not really a good living way either. Sometimes time is better spent learning a skill or lounging around and relaxing. Other times you may take the job because its something but its only going to be until you get something better, which will probably only take a month or 

Answer is anecdotal. Take it or leave it. I’ve recently been on the job market—with almost twenty years of academia, five years in my current field, and credentials spanning multiple disciplines, I was routinely getting recruiters contacting me for jobs that paid $50k a year and under. I just passed on a job asking for a full stack developer with at least two years of experience spanning a fairly extensive swathe of the Microsoft stack and multiple degrees…. for $45k a year. I passed on another which offered to pay me $65k a year, but demanded that I be able to relocate at least twice a year and  

Wage is what is called a hygiene factor. Meaning it has to be good enough for a person to take a job. In economics there is also a thing, that is called an utility curve, where people compare sets of options to come to a highest possible curve, that gives them an optimal curve, they will not seek suboptimal circumstances. One comparison can be leisure time versus say wage for hours worked. If a job doesn’t have enough motivating factors such as achievement, responsibility, opportunity to do something meaningful, involvement in decision making, sense of importance, then hours worked for salary w 

How do you know they are going unfilled? How would you define that? Let's first assume they are going unfilled. One reason is they don't wish to pay enough to attract AND keep people. No trick to get people, but it takes more to keep them. A Pappa Johns close to me has its hiring sign out now for nearly a year straight. They pay less than minimum wage. That is to say they pay drivers less because they are considered tipped employees. They start at $2.15 an hour. They are also expected to work in the store when not driving. When they come back to the store they are expected to clock out as a dri 

I cant speak for more urban and developed areas, only from my experience in rural Oklahoma. I've lived by Bartlesville, Mcalester, and now Durant, from the Kansas border to the Texas border. My first job in high school was working at a sonic drive in. The may was minimum but we got to keep our tips, it let me pay insurance on my car, put some money back, and still have enough for a little fun afterwards. I was the intended age group for an entry level position. Everyone above me however was there because it was all they could get. There was something holding them back from higher paying jobs an 

Everywhere I go I see "Help Wanted" signs. None of these jobs pay minimum wage anymore and yet they go unfilled. What's happening?
It was late October, 2006. In order to escape insomnia and burnout from school and a bad family environment, I went to live on a farm in Doylestown, PA, US. I worked for the local Kmart store from 9 - 6pm during the retail season (Nov - Jan). The exact ad I saw on their window right near the entrance was “Help Wanted, Good Pay”.  The minimum at that time was $5.15. (Which in my opinion, was way too low compared to the cost of living in 2006). The position paid $9.25 an hour. I worked as an “Utilities and Receivings” associate. The hiring manager (HR) at the time was Mary Ann. You start off clocki 

In the UK there's 76.000 truck driving vacancies— mostly filled by agency workers, many from E. Europe. My stepfather was a trucker- he drove tippers he was good at it too. My Mum was a Midwife. He smoked heavily and drank too much but never missed a days work. We lived in a nice semi detached bungalow- in a posh bit of a shitty city. Had a new car every few years and an old car too. Holidays and a decent lower middle class lifestyle— even though we are common as muck working class people. I drove trucks too. My own as it happens. I took my test 34 yrs ago. And with four days of lessons and the t 

W.O.W. Privileged answerers unite! I worked these not-minimum-wage jobs. I can tell you exactly why they are not fulfilled and why people working them do not make 50k a year. There is no minimum hour for these jobs. I was hired under the condition that I would be consistently available for work no less than 20 to 25 hours every week. However the most I was scheduled was 12 hours. The least I worked for one week was 4.5 hours, just one half day shift before my employer had to pay for a mandetory lunch break. Those unfulfilled hours I can no longer make available to a second employer, because: The  

For one thing, I doubt that they are much above minimum wage. One trick is to pay slightly above minimum wage in order to seem more generous than they really are. However, I used to work in one of those jobs as manager. Let's compare it to my wife's job. Firstly, my job: I was running around like a headless chicken trying to get things done on time because they chronically understaffed us.I was expected to produce consistently high quality which, to do at the speed they insisted, demanded very high skills.I had two types of shift, and early and a late. If I did an early, I'd lose the evening be

As one of those people who have “help wanted” signs on his door perhaps I can answer: The minimum wage in my state is $7.25. My jobs pay $12.50, a good bit above the minimum. I also sell stuff that a lot of people want and give all of my employees a discount that equates to about my cost on whatever they buy. I promise you between 25 and 35 hours a week, sometimes more. (although I do have one employee right now who only wants to work 10 horus per week and that is ok with since the others get a bit more) Now, what is going wrong? first my business is in an affluent area of town so the younger adu

Those jobs aren't paying enough for the skill they require or the manager gets applicants and feels they do not meet the qualifications. People think they are going to find Jeff Bezos or Elon Musk for low pay. They want too quality employees who dont need any training and will work for low pay. $12 an hour isnt minimum wage, its not really a good living way either. Sometimes time is better spent learning a skill or lounging around and relaxing. Other times you may take the job because its something but its only going to be until you get something better, which will probably only take a month or 

Answer is anecdotal. Take it or leave it. I’ve recently been on the job market—with almost twenty years of academia, five years in my current field, and credentials spanning multiple disciplines, I was routinely getting recruiters contacting me for jobs that paid $50k a year and under. I just passed on a job asking for a full stack developer with at least two years of experience spanning a fairly extensive swathe of the Microsoft stack and multiple degrees…. for $45k a year. I passed on another which offered to pay me $65k a year, but demanded that I be able to relocate at least twice a year and  

Wage is what is called a hygiene factor. Meaning it has to be good enough for a person to take a job. In economics there is also a thing, that is called an utility curve, where people compare sets of options to come to a highest possible curve, that gives them an optimal curve, they will not seek suboptimal circumstances. One comparison can be leisure time versus say wage for hours worked. If a job doesn’t have enough motivating factors such as achievement, responsibility, opportunity to do something meaningful, involvement in decision making, sense of importance, then hours worked for salary w 

How do you know they are going unfilled? How would you define that? Let's first assume they are going unfilled. One reason is they don't wish to pay enough to attract AND keep people. No trick to get people, but it takes more to keep them. A Pappa Johns close to me has its hiring sign out now for nearly a year straight. They pay less than minimum wage. That is to say they pay drivers less because they are considered tipped employees. They start at $2.15 an hour. They are also expected to work in the store when not driving. When they come back to the store they are expected to clock out as a dri 

I cant speak for more urban and developed areas, only from my experience in rural Oklahoma. I've lived by Bartlesville, Mcalester, and now Durant, from the Kansas border to the Texas border. My first job in high school was working at a sonic drive in. The may was minimum but we got to keep our tips, it let me pay insurance on my car, put some money back, and still have enough for a little fun afterwards. I was the intended age group for an entry level position. Everyone above me however was there because it was all they could get. There was something holding them back from higher paying jobs an 

I am 18 and my mom wants to take all my money out of my bank account. How do I stop her?
Bare with me, I didn't bother reading most answers here. Your parents cannot take the money from your account if you are 18 if your name is the only name on the account. If they do, file a police report. I don't care if they are your parents. When I was 16 my uncle gave me and my siblings stock In his company he helped found with two other people(it was about to be sold, and this uncle was a bit absent from our lives and wanted to do something nice(laymen terms), we each wound up with just over $17,000, his company, even after being sol, is a pioneer and you probabaly use what he made every day  

When I was about to graduate college, a lot of messed up stuff went down between me and my mom that has virtually destroyed my relationship with her. See, I had some money in two spots: I had a savings account in which bonds that were given to me as a gift when I was a baby were stored and a social security account where money was being placed for me after the death of my late step father until the time that I turned 18. I paid for my own college applications, and when I got accepted and time came to put down a deposit for my dormitory(which was required for freshman at my university) I called m 

The same thing happened to me when I was about 16. My parents took all the money out of my account. It was over $300 and that was all the money I had in the world. I would check the balance every day on the phone. I would check the interest: pennies deposited. That was my birthday money I saved. It was my work money saved from part-time work. And here is the gut-wrencher: they took it without even telling me or asking me! It’s a terrible feeling to have to go through that. Sure, they pay for the roof over my head. They pay for the food and for my clothes, most of them. But when you are a teenag 

There are a number of things you can do however it depends on whether you want to confront your mother or not. Open up a separate bank account that only you are the signatory on and hopefully with an entirely different bank. Rather than congratulating you for your good saving habits your mother (and probably your father also) has decided she wants a huge slice of the pie.Once you have opened up and transferred all the money into your own savings account, then sit down with hopefully both parents and have a discussion on how you may like to contribute towards the household expenses, responsibly 

I know that you’ve gotten a lot of great responses here and hope that you’ve somehow dealt with this issue already but, to add my 2 cent’s worth to this. Since you are 18 years of age, even with a “Joint Account” with your mom, she cannot take the money without your signature. She can’t take anymore than 50% of the account (half) unless you were to sign for your half to go as well. Do NOT sign anything.I don’t know where you are (country wise) but, the laws are that at 18 years of age, your mother would need YOUR consent to take your money at all if your money weren’t in a joint account.If you 

As someone who works for a bank; if the mother name is the only one on the account you cannot withdraw money from the account even if it’s your money. In fact bank employees aren’t allowed legally to released any inform about the account owner unless you are an signer on the account. So even if you were to go in and try to take all the money out; it would not be allowed. Also is the same the other way if you were the only name on the account then the mother could not access your account at all. Bank employees would be legally obligated to not released any information even if it’s your mom ( we  

There is a very important detail missing from this question, and the answers. Do you live at home still? If you still live there, your mom can set rules and expectations. If you choose not to follow them, she can set her expectations for what will happen. That could entail you giving her the money in your bank account, whether she is on the account or not. As I’m pretty sure this question is really do I have to give my mom the money she wants since I won’t follow the house rules, I am going to give you my ordinary solutions for this type of problem: ignore the situation/rules and give her the m

I know the feeling, growing up, my parents took all of my money, birthday money, new year money, savings, working money. Even when I paid for my car and they sold it, the took my money. I never argued with them, or showed them the disappointment I had when they didn’t lift a finger to help me through college. My parents felt they had the RIGHT to do that because they raised me, offered a roof over my head, fed my TV dinners, and purchased my clothing, and transported me to school. Maybe they did, maybe they didn’t. What I’ve learned is, money ALWAYS comes, so fighting with your mom about money i 

This is one very interesting question! The answers aren’t simple! Question: I am 18 and my mom wants to take all my money out of my bank account. How do I stop her? Answer: Try going into the bank with SS Card, Birth certificate and photo id like a drivers license and moving the money. You have nothing to lose to do this. Age 18 is the legal age in some states,, 21 in others. If they wont let you move the money, ask that they put a freeze on the account.Maybe you can take the money out and move it. It depends on HOW the account was created, and the majority age in your state. FinAid | Saving for 

My parents took $1000 out from my account. I was 18. My bank knew my parents. They frequented the place. I had a minor banking account, then I turned 18. I thought that when I turned 18 they couldn't have access to it anymore. I guess I was wrong. I asked them to make the account into a regular student account. They said I needed my parents to sign a paper to change the account. I had some more money in the account from my job, and I didn't want them to take anymore. I drove across town to another branch, and explained them the situation about my parents taking money out and I was over 18. Why  

Can Moro attain Ultra Instinct from his copy ability transfer move?
How much money should I send to my Thai girlfriend?
How can I track my SWIFT transfer?
How does TransferWise work?
How do people steal money from people's bank accounts, deposit them in other bank accounts, and not get caught?
I had an employee do this - €47,000! My company turnover was around US$6m, around 25 employees at the time. The thief was Mary, a highly trusted employee, had been with the company for five years. She started in mid-level management, and was promoted for her excellent work to General Manager, salary of €90k (about US$120k in 2014). When I took long absences from work (eg, six months), she ran the company, and did well. 1.5 years into Mary’s tenure, we relocated the business from Australia to the Netherlands, and Mary was instrumental to making such a complicated move work well. Three years in to  

How do people steal money from people's bank accounts, deposit them in other bank accounts, and not get caught? People are more careful with credit card numbers than bank account numbers, because they assume that a thief needs their signature to withdraw money from their bank account. But, this isn’t true. All a thief needs is your bank account number and the bank routing number to drain your bank account using a “demand draft”. A signature is not needed. In most cases, the thief will get caught. There is always a trail for the transactions. Banks have cameras everywhere. ATMs have cameras. A pho 

Unfortunately, in the US it is extremely easy to do and, contrary to what anybody else tells you, the chances of getting caught are slim. The odds of getting caught directly and inversely correlate to your IQ and knowledge of the system. Those you see on TV that got caught are just the tip of the iceberg. First of all, one only needs two pieces of data to drain your account: account number and name of your bank. With just that data one can create checks to drain your checking account and, sometimes, your money market account. With just that data one can initiate ACH pulls from your account to a 

Sure, but it's also worth noting that the first $250,000 in US bank accounts is FDIC insured. So as long as you have less than $250,000 in your account it will be returned. In terms of how this is done, the answer varies. In most cases, there's not a computer guru rapidly typing on a keyboard. This is simply what Hollywood depicts because actual hacking is not as interesting to watch. But even then, most thefts are not from hackers, but rather phishing schemes. In short, the thief send out hundreds of thousands of emails that appear to be from your bank. Of course they don't know what bank(s) yo 

Stealing it is easy, not getting caught is not so easy. The most common way people steal from others is to get hold of their checks, or debit card and passwords to someone’s account. Statements only come out once a month (not always on the 1st) so if you time it right and don’t completely drain someone’s account it might be 30 days before they start looking for you. You can be a long ways away in that time. Now the hard part. It won’t be the person you stole from looking for you. The bank will make things right with their customer and the bank will be looking for you. All kinds of law enforcem 

The easiest method people use is identity theft. People steal credit card numbers make small purchases getting cash back. Another activity is to buy things as legitimate exspenses and return them for cash. The biggest problem I see is coupon theft. A buisness issues coupons. An employee accepts the coupon but then charges the customer full price for the items. Post dating or predating sales is another tactic. There are ways to steal and never be caught regardless of the measures one has in place. Smart thieves are much more a danger than dumb thieves. Consider the following from a loss prevent 

They get caught! Everything can be traced back to the time, date, hour, minute, microsecond of the transaction. The person who moved the money without consent is stealing. The transaction will be traced from their phone, their computer, another persons phone, another persons computer, etc. There are cell phone towers, signals, location devices, etc. Do not even think about it! I used to work with a lady who is in jail because she tried this. She is in jail in Alabama. She worked in a call center in 2016 - 2018. Do not listen to the devil and his deceitful lies to make you think that you could  

To answer the second part of the question. They get away with it because modern banks do not have the security controls the pretend they have. The one thing modern retail banking has screwed up is HUMAN security procedures. I worked in a medium sized clearing bank (now referred to as retail- because all they do is sell, there is no qualified bank manager any more) between 1980 and 1984, and a retail lender which had a banking arm, between 1984 to 1988. When was in clearing banks the work for each branch was processed by that branch. It was reconciled and “proved” before it left the branch, and th 

Well, I knew a lady who worked pretty high up at a bank. At the time I was hanging out in ghetto’s and living a bad lifestyle and she approached me asking for help with a bank heist. This lady was for all intensive purposes in charge of a branch of Wells Fargo and wanted to transfer thousands of dollars from accounts that had more than a few million. Now we never did it, because to me it sounded like a fantasy lol. But she seemed convinced she could just transfer small somes of money that people wouldn’t notice. The trick is to move 2 thousand dollars from an account with 2 million, just don’t  

The problem here is that they mostly do get caught... unless they transfer the money overseas.  This type of theft is rampant with id theft.  Once a thief can get access to your on line banking, you are toast.  They will write checks to various accounts and bam... money is gone.  By the time anyone does any research on this, the accounts to which the money was transferred to are closed, and the thief has gotten away with it.  The key is to be with the right bank... one which will act in such a way as to protect your interests, not theirs.   10.1K views · View upvotes6Dion Shaw, Author of 50 Ways to Make a Buck or More with part-time jobsAnswered 4 years ago · Author has 18.8K answers and 22.3M answer viewsOriginally Answered: How do people steal money from peoples bank accounts, deposit them in other bank accounts and not get caught?

Is there a legal way to deposit a large sum of cash money into your bank account without the IRS getting involved?
Have you ever inherited a large sum of money? What did you do with it?
What justifies Virgil Van Dijk's 75 million pounds transfer fee?
What is the cheapest way to transfer money between countries?
There is no general answer to this question. The question is more from which sender country to which receiver country you want to transfer money. The differences between the providers are the countries they serve. And so the fees depend on that answer. Especially services like Worldremit, Azimo or Transferwise are fast growing. It is essential to find a viable and pocket-friendly firm to use for bank transfers.  Money Transfers With Worldremit WorldRemit is an online money transfer firm. It supports money transfers from almost everywhere in the world. WorldRemit offers various forms of money transfe 

There is none - too much would depend on from-to where you are sending money, how much, preferred send-receive methods, etc.. There are tons of blogs-articles that describe same old rules for finding the cheapest way, but industry and competitors are constantly evolving so even some answers in this thread dated just 1-2 years ago are already WRONG (see more details of how old "golden rules" are no longer true in our blog: Money Transfer Internationally from USA: Review and Tips - The SaveOnSend Blog). Two pieces of good news though1) There are now comparison apps like ours that save people tim 

XENDPAY MONEY TRANSFERRED RIGHT Our mission is to offer the best low cost global money transfer service FAIR Transparent exchange rates Pay What You Want fees FAST Same day payments on selected currencies 24/7 online payments SAFE Secure online payments Over 5,000 5* Trustpilot reviews To get joining bonus click on xendPay&gt; xendpay  World remit : Why choose WorldRemit? An illustration of a piggy bank Low cost Our low fees and exchange rates are shown upfront An illustration of a spaceship Fast Get your money to family and friends in minutes An illustration of a desktop PC and a mobile phone Simple It’s easy to use an 

I researched this pretty extensively when I first moved to Thailand because I was really poor and couldn’t spare unnecessary money. Transferring from an American bank to a Thai bank can cost around $100, because my American bank would charge me around $60 and my Thai bank would charge me around $40 for the transfer. Debit cards get you an ATM fee of about $6 every time you use them and many ATMs charge about 3% of your transaction on top of giving you a low rate for your currency exchange. I asked my Thai bank if I could write a check to myself, and the processing fee was going to be around $40 f 

Like many modern money transfer providers, Transfergo uses a local account which you pay into, and then they use their own accounts to pay out in the recipient’s country. In that way they can keep costs lower and transfers faster than banks or traditional money providers. But some online providers still take a good sized cut from every transaction through either transfer fees or exchange rate. So it is best to always shop around and find the provider that gives you the most transparent and cost effective way to transfer money.One such provider is TransferWise , which also lets you compare rate 

I spend a considerable amount of time traveling. As of July 2020, I have traveled to 23 Countries and I am currently residing in Japan. So I send a part of my saving every month from Japan to India. I am a researcher by profession and I think from the past 4–5 years, I have developed this habit of finding the best deal. Sometimes I try hours to find the secret coupon code so I can get the best discount available. Here I will present to you a case study, wherein I will be comparing 10 different options of sending money from India to the USA. I will here include the online remittance companies as  

When it comes to money transfer, don’t always look for the cheapest one but also reliable sources. You shall consider these seven points when you decide on a remittance service Rates, Fees and CostsHow to Sign UpHow TransferWise Works (and when it doesn’t)If Things Go Wrong and Trustworthy Reviews?SpeedSafety and SecurityBottom LineBased on these guidelines I can strongly recommend Transferwise, not because I make some money when you click my referral link, but because it's super reliable, gives the best rate and is fully online. See a breakdown of TransferWise's charges here » Transferwise is doi 

There are details that anyone who answers this question needs to be able to provide the most accurate answer. This is all dependent on the services and/or technology of the people that you are sending to. Do they have a bank?Do they have a mobile smart phone? Do they have access to the internet?In my experience Venmo has been a pretty easy method to transfer funds. I believe you need both a bank and a smart phone and obviously to take the 2 or 3 minutes to download the Venmo app. Obviously, both people who are in the transaction need the app. It used to be free, but now its .25 to send funds, wh 

If you have family and friends outside India, you may need to regularly wire funds to their overseas bank accounts. This is most often seen in the case of students who are studying abroad; they may need funds urgently to cover their living expenses, pay bills, remit tuition fees, or manage an emergency. Whether you are looking to make a large international money transfer or small periodical outward remittances, high transfer charges can eat into the useable amount. As someone who has a child studying abroad, I have found an international money transfer service such as Western Union to be the mo 

Contrary to common belief, banks shouldn’t be your go-to destination if you’re looking for the cheapest forex rates. Banks apply sending charges that some online firms waive off. I would really like to recommend BookMyForex for all your remittance needs. I have been using their services to transfer money internationally for years now. Ask them about their wire transfer and demand draft service. They’re credible in every conceivable way. -The Best Benefit right now is that they can take your orders online. Just connect with them from their website and do away with the hassle of going anywhere. It 

What is the greatest paradox of becoming wealthy?
Becoming wealthy create conditions that make it very easy for you to become petty, or to become an asshole and stop treating everyone with the respect they deserve. One of the best analogies for the human psyche that I have heard is that it operates like a thermostat. Our emotions are calibrated such that we have internal emotional cadences, where we will spend a certain amount of our time happy, a certain time stressed out, sad, etc. I believe our emotions evolved to focus our energies on solving the problems we needed to solve in order to survive - finding enough food and shelter, finding a m 

What sums it up for me is the famous Lennon quote "Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans." Back when I was single sharing an apartment with two friends had zero money, just living paycheck to paycheck was some really happy times. We would train and go dancing and clubbing and had a ball. Then I fell in love with this girl in 2000: (my housemate)  Then I got married in 2003 and still had no “wealth” but we were happy. We both worked and paid for our own wedding and 5 week honeymoon across Canada. Arrival of the bride:  Then we worked and saved and bought a house in the subur 

A few years ago I was invited to a gathering at the house of a very rich man in one of the upscale desert cities southeast of Los Angeles. For the sole purpose of parties and weekend retreats, he had built an Italianate villa on a large piece of land opening up onto the wilderness. The house was partially circumscribed by a crescent shaped infinity pool that fell off into nothingness before the great rolling hills of the Sonoran landscape. The walls retracted so that the entire dwelling seemed intimately joined with this outdoor paradise. Its interior was appointed in the most opulent manner,  

Growing up in a totalitarian state, we’ve had a very limited access to consumer goods. There were shortages in the stores and if you were fortunate to obtain some shoes or a piece of furniture, they were usually grim and misshapen. I remember the moment when I held a foreign magazine in my hands - the aromatic pages were glossy and cool, the gorgeous models looked like no one I knew in real life and the life they showed was like a magical fairy tale. It was a little glimpse of paradise. When I first immigrated to US, a couple of decades ago, I became desperately poor. Despite being in the land o 

When I was younger, there was this rich man who was friends with my family. He would often visit me, and I asked him something akin to this question. He never directly answered me, rather he explained it using the game I was playing at the time. (He was a gamer oddly enough.) The game was Minecraft. Yes, I was taught the biggest paradox of being wealthy by Minecraft. He directed me to start a new world with one goal: Build my entire house from diamond blocks in survival mode. Yes, I'm serious.  So, I hopped into a new world, I built a house out of wood, and after securing a good amount of food, I wen 

Wealth is assets that earn while you sleep—businesses, products, media, robots, investments, land. Money is how we transfer wealth; it’s the social credits and debits of other people’s time. Money isn’t going to solve all your problems, but it’s going to fulfill your basic requirements, like healthcare and education. Status is your rank in a social hierarchy like politics or sports. It’s a zero-sum game: to be a winner, there must be a loser. Status is an old game that predicted survival in the hunter-gatherer days, before we had technologies for creating wealth. Politics is an example of a st 

There are several. Here are a few of the most common ones I’ve noticed: Most people put off doing the things they really want to do until they hit some arbitrary number in their business or career. Then, when they hit that number, they continue putting the things they want off because they are “too busy” to pursue them.At a certain point, wealth becomes a hindrance to happiness. I know a lot of very rich men (who make 10–20X what I do) who are miserable. They don’t use their wealth to buy back their time or enjoy themselves, they only use it to make more wealth.The best things in life are always

I went from being skint to wealthy (net worth approx. GBP 2 million) by the time I was 40. Some of the wealth came from shrewd (or lucky) investments and some from my wife’s inheritance. I saw my brother go from being skint (left school without qualifications) to wealthy ($200K / year job) to mega-wealthy (net worth approx. USD 50 million). He started a very successful company that was sold. What have I concluded?For me, with financial security came a realisation that there was no longer any value in working very hard to try to get a better paying job, e.g. being paid GBP 10K more per year to t 

For me, there are so many: My income and income taxes are significantly lower than when I was far less wealthy.I am in more debt (mostly real estate) than I’ve ever been in my life.It is a bit lonely. I no longer work full time but all my friends, my siblings and my wife still do.I stubbornly cling to my middle class roots and lifestyle despite my high net worth. I do it so that my relationships with my friends, family and spouse aren’t ruined by money and my young kids don’t get spoiled.Generally, my friends are less wealthy but live in larger and newer houses than me, yet my unassuming 3 bedr

In the grand scheme of things, I have always been wealthy. Even when I was poor, compared to the ~100 billion humans who’ve walked the earth, I was despicably wealthy. Judged by American standards, I’ve been desperately poor once (homeless as a drug addict), quite poor a few times including most of my childhood (welfare, government food, free school lunches). I was solidly middle class from 2002–2017. After that, we moved and moved again. The pay followed. We’re substantially more well off than we were five years ago. I’ve promised myself that I’ll be as transparent as decorum (in this case, I  

What's the safest place to hide money in your home?
There really is no best place. Rather, you’re trying to hide money in places that are fairly easy for you to get to while still being secure. Ultimately, it’s worth knowing that with proper planning, your plan can be foiled. So go about this thinking like a criminal instead of someone trying to keep their money safe. If I were to keep cash in my home, I would install a safe in the floor of the master bedroom closet. Inside the safe, would be the cash in a quality zip lock bag. I’d likely have a false floor over the safe door as well.  Before you run to the comments I'm well aware that when a home 

Since we have an old and creepy house, there are lots of places to hide things. We have a huge carriage house with an attic full of junk that my sister collects, so something hidden up there would never be found. Probably not even by us. But…. Since we don’t keep a whole heap of cash in our house, we never found the need to hide any of it. We just keep a couple of hundred bucks in the desk that sits in our parlor. It’s convenient just to grab some of it if we need it a few dollars. However…. We do have a safe upstairs in our office with our passports and other important stuff. We had it for quite a 

No place! Police have long said, “If you can think of it (a hiding place) a burglar can too.” My father was a cop in the 60s. There was an older couple in town had who had had lost everything in the Depression. They worked hard and recouped, in their golden years they owned several storefronts and a few houses that they rented out. They remembered the Depression well and didn’t trust banks, they paid all of their bills in cash and collected their rents in cash. What wasn’t kept in his money belt or her purse was hidden in their home. They didn’t exactly advertise this, but it was a small town, an 

Just about every good idea for this has been done over the years. So, one has to be very creative in finding a way to stash money, jewelry, etc. in a place or area most people would never think of. Also, when you are creating this space, think of something you can do yourself or learn how to do yourself. You involve other people, you do not have a safe stash. There are people on this site who know me so I am not going to describe what I recently developed. Here is one idea I created years ago. I have always liked working with wood. I lived in a house that was 2 stories and had banister supports 

Given enough time, a good thief can find anything you have hidden. The best thing you can do is hide money in a place that will deprive them of the most valuable asset: time. If they KNOW you have money hidden in the house, they will not be as easily dissuaded, so first- keep your mouth shut about any money you have hidden in your home. If they are not CERTAIN the money is in your home, they are less likely to keep looking if they are having trouble. If they know it’s there, a good, novel hiding spot will deprive them of the time they need. If you need access to the money regularly, a good safe  

The best place is a heavy safe in a secure area. And secure the safe. This biggest issue is TIME. If it takes a long time to access your valuables, then they are safer. One example of that is a dark bound book with pages cut out. It takes TIME to check every book in your house and a dark binding won’t show finger oils over time. Don’t use the underwear drawer or a cookie jar in the kitchen. Another trick is to keep some money in a cookie jar in the kitchen. After they find that stash, they will stop looking in other places for more money. PS I forgot to mention. MOST likely the thieves will be fr 

Wherever you decide to store cash, make sure you tell at least one trusted person where you’ve hidden it. Preferably someone who does not live in your house. Why? Because otherwise I might be the one who finds your hidden money after you die. I own an estate Liquidation company. When someone dies, we are hired by the family to sell everything in the house. If your family doesn’t know that you hid money, I usually find it. And it is in my contract that I get a percentage of all found money. After all, it was because of my hard work that it was found at all. Without me or another company like min 

When I dealt drugs, I had a safe bolted into my floor. Once, away on a family trip to Disney, someone broke into my house and stole the safe, including guns and drugs inside. Years later, my daughter told me she had told some kids at high school I had a safe, and admitted she knew who had broken in. By then I was sober and had cleaned up and didn’t go after them. Back then I hid everything, everywhere. It was amazing what we found when we moved. Old habits die hard. hide. I still hide small caches of cash. I have 3 problems with hiding money—-1. Good hiding places are hard to get to and take ef 

When I was a kid, my mother had an antique drop-leaf table with gate legs. It looked somewhat like this:  It was narrower, about six inches across the top, and the drawer didn’t have a knob. With the drawer closed, the front of it was hidden several inches back from the edge of the table, and looked like it was simply part of the apron (the trim under the edge). If one turned the table around and looked under the other edge, both ends looked exactly alike. Indeed, unless one actually reached under and tugged on it, there was no way of knowing that it was a drawer. In fact, nobody except my mothe 

There’s already 40+ answers to this question so I don’t know what good one more will do but here I am. These are a few of the good hiding places I’ve come across both for myself and seen from others. 1.) Toilet Tank You simply ziplock your money, double bag it, maybe even put plastic wrap around it and stick it in the tank of your toilet. If you’re worried about it clogging up the system, press all the air out and weight it down to the bottom of the tank. 2.) Hide it under the sink below the floor Most kitchen and bathroom sinks have a cabinet underneath. At my old house there was a precut square  

Does money really buy happiness?
Can money buy happiness? YES!!! Absofrigginglutely it can buy happiness. Anyone who says otherwise has never been in a position of not having enough money. I challenge anyone to feel peaceful and happy when you’re worried about the consequences of not having enough money, because those consequences are very harsh. Can you feel happy when you’re watching your car get towed away for nonpayment? Since I depended on this vehicle for making money, it was not a particularly joyful experience to hand over the keys. In fact, it was a period of great anxiety, shame and fear. Getting it back was similarly  

Rather than taking this question as a debate let us call it a discussion. Well, first of all, we have to understand the meaning of true happiness. For that, we have to understand what is the source of true happiness. Before that let us first analyze the question. The question is about true happiness and not just happiness. The first one is happiness which gives you the feeling of happiness forever (i.e. each moment of life) while the latter one can be defined as just excitement. So the source of true happiness can be defined as that one you are not fed up with. Money is made by we people only for  

Does money buy happiness? The answer is - Yes or ... No! It depends really. A lot of people go through life chasing money. It makes perfect sense. Money is needed to provide us food, clothing, medical care &amp; a roof over the head. If you don't have any money, you are unable to fulfill those basic needs. This is why "Money is a great predictor of happiness".  Living paycheck to paycheck, and constantly worrying if you are going to be able to pay the bills and make it through the end of the month. It causes a lot of stress, depression, anxiety, hopelessness, and lower life evaluation. But when it com 

Let's take a ride with Micky and Minnie here, shall we? Here's Micky, looking at something with an eager face:  But what's that? Oh it's a chain for a watch.  He wants it as a Christmas gift for Minnie. But he doesn't have money. So he offers his favourite harmonica to the shop owner.  But he doesn't accept it.  Poor Micky  He sits with Pluto and plays it with a sad tone.  The melodious tune strikes the shop owner and he looks back.  He thinks a bit.  And then he approaches Micky and tells him that he can buy that Harmonica and in exchange, he can give Micky the chain he liked.  Now Micky has bought the best gif 

I think the answer has to be “no” to that question. You cannot buy happy relationships, a positive outlook and an appreciation for what you have. Those things are generated from your internal attitude, values and your personal approach to life. And you know what they say…the best things in life are free. A walk in the park, sunshine on your face, a cuddle with a loved one, the laughter of your children. All of these cost nothing and can bring the greatest joy. However, that being said, money is still important to us. We all need enough money to pay for our needs (food, shelter, warmth, clothing)  

Directly no and Indirectly yes. Here’s why in 3 points. According to a study that was explained in a tedtalk about poverty and UBI; stable financial situation lower stress levels. Which allows an individual or community to make better decisions over all not just financially. Lower stress levels tend to lead to more contentment in day to day life thus not desiring more than what they already have. Which in Buddhist philosophy it is believed desire and ignorance is the root of all suffering. Which brings me to my next point, education. It’s widely known that a better educated populations has bette 

 Did you all see the picture above? Let me introduce her to you all. She sells flowers by roaming all around the area she lives. Her age is around 80 years as per her estimation and my mother is her favourite customer. Let me call her by the name cutie in this answer (she looks too cute to me) and give a brief introduction about her life. Her only son is dead. She lives with her Daughter-in-law and grandson in a small unbearable house. DIL has a condition that cutie has to earn her own bread if she wants to stay with her or else she would return to her parent's house. Cutie has no way but to accep 

It sure can! Wealth doesn't make people happier, but poverty sure can increase sadness. I hail from a middle class family. So, most of my neighbourhood is upper to lower middle class. The people who I communicate with ,every day are all people with a lot of commitment issues. I have seen how ,their entire lives revolves around some EMI, bank loans , debts ,interests, gold loan, or EMI on commodities like house ,car and what not. A small vacation is still not a priority to anyone even after earning decent money . This constantly put a lot of stress in their life. Or they bring upon stress.If you

Money buy you acquaintance, Happiness is a peace of mind. If you are unhappy without money then you would still be unhappy with money.  Money lets you get all the comfort you need and materialistic stuff and you must have heard a common sentence that money is the source of all root problems, its defiantly not true abundance of money is!  Happiness is a perspective, you control your joy. If you are cheerful from inside, world will feel invigorated and unique. SECRET OF HAPPINESS In the event that you are stating yes to anything it mirrors that you are disapproving of every single other thing which you 

Happiness means a lot of different things for different people. What does it mean for you? I strongly believe that MONEY CAN BUY HAPPINESS. I have done that for myself. People generally see money as the root of all evils. I am not that person. My relationship with money is very cordial and we love each other. I am not wealthy yet, but I am not broke either. We both take care of each other, and make each other happy by helping each other all the time. Incident 1: My Dad was diagnosed with stage 2 Prostate Cancer in 2019. The world turned around for me completely. I have never seen him sick, apart  

What is cheap when you're poor and expensive when you're rich?
When you are poor, compassion is cheap. When you are rich, compassion is expensive. We are not rich by western standards, but we have food every day, 2 cars, we each have our own bedroom in our family and my kids go to decent schools, not the top private schools and not the worst government schools but somewhere in between. We don't have enough money to eat out and for holidays we go camping not skiing. We are not considered rich and we are not considered poor by most people. A guy who regularly does house painting for us, Michael, messaged my wife, he hasn't had any work for a few weeks, and sud 

When you’re poor: time is nearly worthless When you’re rich: time is expensive and worth money Many poor people tend to kill time rather than using their free time to invest in themselves which will allow them to grow wealthier. Poor people see time as not relating to money usually, and time can’t be traded for money. Poor people see their free time just to “kill.” Wealthy people make beneficial use for their future out of the free time they have. They view time as money essentially. It is completely fine to have some fun and to kill time, but it is important to use time management where you also 

Taxes. At least, in theory, taxes. Adam Smith wrote in the Wealth of Nations: “The subjects of every state ought to contribute towards the support of the government, as nearly as possible, in proportion to their respective abilities; that is, in proportion to the revenue which they respectively enjoy under the protection of the state.” Also: "It is not very unreasonable that the rich should contribute to the public expense, not only in proportion to their revenue, but something more than in that proportion", because a tax on "the luxuries and vanities of life [which] occasion the principal expens 

 Should Conor McGregor do his own chores? The man in the picture earned north of $30,000,000 in 2019 alone. Conor McGregor is one of the world’s biggest sports superstars. If he washes his clothes by himself, spending 1 hour of his time, he will save $20 on hiring a housekeeper. “LOL. WHY WOULD HE DO THAT! JUST PAY SOMEONE ELSE.” —you will say and you will be right. But wait… in one scenario, he will spend $20 and, in another scenario, he will spend $0. Why will anyone choose the former?! The reason is that we ignored the opportunity cost. In other words, we only looked at the money aspect of things 

Gotta go back to something as simple as … a dish of Ramen. When I was starting out - college, first job, second job… third job and a half…Ramen noodles alone went from $.10 a pack to $.33 cents a pack. MSG and high sodium be darned! (Hey, I’m still living!) Along with cup a soups and others, Ramen was my go to as well because I could add to it when I had a few more cents to make quite a good dish. Many a night I had Ramen and cut up hot dogs, hard boiled eggs, veggies, cooked it in turkey broth, chicken broth, etc. (Not all at once, btw…only could afford one ingredient or one broth to go in it) 

Education When you are poor, you are bound to go to public school for free. If you are very lucky, you may get to go to a private school on scholarship. Additionally, you should get a substantial scholarship towards university. Even with scholarships like the Pell Grant, If you don’t work through college, you’re still highly likely to end up in pretty significant debt, BUT the nominal amount you and your family pay will be dramatically lower then more well off families (that being said, it is worth pointing out that student from a truly wealthy family will have their tuition paid for by their f 

 From 6 a.m., the couple is the picture, without fail, I would see daily, they are there from sunrise to sunset and would pack up and leave before the municipality's officer passes by this spot to make sure that they are gone as these parts of Bangkok are homes for the rich and famous. How much is it worth to own Premier League football team Leicester City? On paper, Leicester City F.C. worths US$ 5.9 billion.How much do you think the OWNER of this Football Club is worth? It is beyond you and me to guess that not only the football club but also the founder, owner, and chairman of "King Power Dut

Just TIME (opportunity cost)  Poor = You can try out different fields &amp; stuff to find your passion, OR Can spend time to get good at a new profession (as apprentice) even if you are a middle aged person. Being apprentice in some thing fascinates you. For time spend on such stuff is sunk cost (never yield return if you don’t stick to a profession until gain mastery) but worth giving try as will turn you into a professional. Many of us finds in their middle age about the stuff we were born for and the talent enclosed in our genetic code, but by then most of us has a white collar job and a career to  

Joy. When you are poor, there are so many opportunities for a delicious little moment in life. Winning a $20 gift card, getting a free coffee at Starbucks, getting a $0.50/hour raise after only working at a job for a month. Those are all cause for a luminous bit of joy, hope that life is not so endlessly bleak after all. But when you are rich, those same moments either mean so little or have already been dulled in time. To someone worth multiple millions, $20 is not going to make any difference in his day, not even $200 or $2,000. Indeed, it may take winning a $20K or $200K prize to bring even a 

Entertainment. When I was poor, I had to entertain myself for virtually no money. Take the kids to the park: free. Attend a free concert: free. Watch the sunset: free. Sitting on the shore watching ships sail by: free. But that’s never good enough when you have money. The kids “need” to go to Disney. Movie theater instead of borrowing a dvd from the library. Tickets to the a touring music show instead of whoever is playing free in the park this weekend. 18 holes of golf instead of driving balls in the park. Taking the kids to the beach or the mountains on spring break instead of them sitting on  

What small change for a company resulted in the most money saved?
There is a button in front of you, every time you push it you make 10,000,000 dollars but lose 10 IQ points. How many times would you push the button?
How do the poor often waste the little money they do have?
This question is written with so much bias and stigma. Axiomatically the poor have little money and the question is how do they waste it. In my life, I’ve been both poor and well into the middle class. These days I’m more at the higher end of that range. There is an entire economic system determined to exploit the poor. When I was in University, I wanted to get a credit card. The credit card company was very condescending and explained how they were doing me favor by giving me a credit card. A while later my card was cloned and I had to swear under penalty on a recorded line that the transaction 

I see a lot of somewhat altruistic answers here related to systematic perpetuation of the poor. While that may be true in many examples, I interpreted the original question to be more about what do poor people choose to spend money on that is wasteful instead of trying to no longer be poor. Yes there’s a systematic process whereby it costs more to live poor than it does middle-class, but I also suggest that many of those systematic pressures are self-inflicted. The below summaries aren’t intended to cover everyone that’s considered poor or lower class, just those that I felt the question was ai 

When you’re broke, you can’t take advantage of sales, buy in bulk, or invest enough in prevention and maintenance. You might skimp on oil changes and end up needing a rebuilt engine, or put off going to the doctor until what could’ve been fixed with some rest now requires surgery. The psychological toil zaps your energy. You have trouble sleeping, which makes it more difficult to work and think clearly in general. Your mind becomes so preoccupied with worry you worry you’re forgetting about something if it isn’t. It’s difficult to enjoy the few good breaks you get because you always have to be  

Oh this is easy for me because I was dirt poor and worked my way out of it. Yes, when poor you lack some of the benefits of the wealthy. But I know how determined I was to get out. I studied every night to get straight A’s in school. My parents wouldn’t pay for college and I decided I was going anyway. Not one day did I sit back and wait for anything to be given to me. I wanted to EARN IT! I applied to small private schools and they offered me scholarships to go there. I worked 16 hours a day, every day I was home in the summer. I cleaned houses, was a crossing guard, worked for some veterinar 

Being poor in America is expensive. In my area, it costs $7 to cash your paycheck without a bank account. Most of the poor never have enough money saved to open an account. It costs them $4 to get a cashier’s check to pay one bill. If they have to get a check to pay power bill, garbage bill, electric bill, water bill and sewer, that is $20. Some have a credit card they can pre-pay in order to pay bills. That costs a $5 fee and the bank may charge a similar fee for every transaction. If they got their furniture at a rent to own center, they are paying over 50% interest on a sofa marked up by 100 

OK, here’s an example: For seven years my wife and I rented an apartment to a family. We rented to them because they were originally from the same Asian island nation as my wife and she thought she would be more comfortable with them. They were late on their rent almost every month. But the recycling bin was always full to the brim with take-out containers and I would see delivery drivers coming to the door a lot. She had a perfectly fine 10 year old Toyota compact car in good condition, but she traded it in for a used Kia at one of those “We Finance Anyone” places. The car lot even put their own 

When your poor everything cost more. Because stores like costco you need a membership which most poor people can’t afford. And stores like Ralps cost more to buy items in singles than packs. Even having a place to live, for example my friend and wife was poor, and didn’t have credit so he couldn't rent a apartment, so they had to live in a motel. For him to live in a shitty single room motel which was probably 200 square feet in a shitty neighborhood cost $80 to $100 a night. So every month he has to pay almost $3,000 a month. At the end they couldn't afford it anymore so he had to go back to h 

Over a lot of “stupid shit”! My Aunt Mary (mid 80’s age and frail) makes some poor financial and mental decisions and this is what keeps her in “da poor house" First , she NEVER saved for her retirement. She believed her narsasistic husband would always provide for her. Unfortunately he just gave enough only for her to exist- even after her divorce from him (she should have filed with ss and would have gotten half his check but noo!!!! $250.00 a month from her ex was good cause he “loved her”). Only when he does croak did she get a “windfall" from social security which is social security surviv 

When we were first married, we were broke. Broke. We lived from very small paycheck to really small paycheck. We got an extra $100 and blew it on fun at a go cart track. We got a credit card, and bought a boat motor. We got a big windfall of cash, we bought a camper. After all, we didn't have much fun. We deserved some fun. After a few years of fun, we were up to our nostrils in debt. We had a wallet full of maxed out credit cards. Every time the phone rang, we cringed. Debt collectors hounded us to death. We needed to buy a home, but couldn't muster up enough credit to make a down payment on a 

A little over 5 years ago i graduated high school and joined the Marine Corps. As most at the time i had a previous job at a fast food restaurant but nothing that could really prepare me for what was coming next. I was out of my parents house earning a bit over $1,400 per month. It’s not much looking back but at the time that was a lot for me. Specially since i was only making 100–200$ per week a few months back. I had no rent or mortgage, no car or any loans of the sort. However i somehow manage to spend my entire paycheck every month without exception. Most of it went to “fun” times and busines 

What secret was revealed that ruined you financially?
In late 2017s when I was working on my entrepreneurship course I launched an online store that provides grocery, fruits, vegetables, medicines, and other necessary fast-moving consumer goods at the customer doorstep. In Pakistan, people are less aware of this idea and they believe in the conventional way of shopping and doing business. I wanted to save time and make shopping more convenient beyond their imagination so that they may not be stuck in a busy environment. Keeping in mind this gap I wanted to fill it and introduce this idea to a society which they didn’t imagine by just on some click 

I 1996, I started a paint contracting company going in partnership with a long time friend of mine. Using the phone book and the post office, I was able to immediately pick up plenty of work. After about a year, my long time friend decides he going take a job as a golf course supervisor in Texas. I knew he was going through some tough financial situations because of his austintatious life style and living beyond his means but I assumed he was paying the invoices as they came in. I soon learned that was not the case. The day he leaves for Texas, I stop by and pick up the checkbook and what ever el 

Let me make it clear that the secret I am to divulge and describe did not ruin me financially but it stopped me from making easy money than the difficult hard work I had to go through to earn my living. When young, I was brought up to think that Religious and Political laws and religious, political members, and employers should be fully and blindly trusted and are there to help and assist me, while the social secular law and courts, lawyers and police and insurances, etc. are there to help me, while full devotion and respect for those who employ me will turn out to be in my favor one day, as t 

My mother had passed away when I was 18 and my brother was 20. It was unexpected and happened quite quickly, shocking us all. When the time came to sort through the files and paperwork for her estate and life insurance, we thought we would at least be able to pay off some debts and finish school without some loans. Wrong. Turns out my mom was in so much debt before she died- an amount she never disclosed- that she had forged our signatures on her life insurance and signed it all away as collateral. Not only that, but she used my aunt and stepdads name to get loans - of which they defaulted- an 

I am writing this story with a heavy heart.  Seven years ago, when I started my first job, I rented an apartment through an online marketplace. A girl had advertised that she was looking for a girl to share a room. The rent was nominal, and the apartment was furnished. I met the girl and had a brief conversation on the way to livings. She was a sweet girl and working as a cafe manager. I shifted my luggage and started living with her. I mingled with her and got to know more about her. Her family was struggling financially and dependent on her. She was a hard-working girl and fixed to the routine.  

December two years ago, my husband asked my help to help find a loan for his job. because his work is in the field of contractors, and involves craftsmen who must be paid. I realized I had to help him, apart from being his wife, and I knew that he didn't have many friends. I want to know how he will solve my loan problem, I know the details of the problem in his office, and I am sure that this problem will not be solved easily. but considering my husband's type I am sure he won't listen to me. I got him a loan for a very large amount with my name as collateral. as I thought, it turns out that t 

I am from Aligarh, Uttar Pradesh, India. My husband Architect Sanjay Varshney was a renowned builder and Architect there. After a brief period after my marriage we decided to a bigger city to expand our business. We were married for 7 years, had two kids and our big savings of 54 Lakhs Indian Rupees (68000 USD approx)were with Mr. Anwar Hashmi (Alig Builders) as he was working with him as a consultant with Mr. Hashmi, and his beloved wife Mrs. Zeba Hashmi. Their own two kids were studying in the most expensive school in Sanavar of India. After moving to Noida, we worked hard and had a plan to bu 

I trusted my husband with our finances. I was raised to trust a husband and do whatever he wanted. He seemed so knowledgeable. He was knowledgeable about cheating me. He ran up the credit cards and talked me into paying them off. He did this 3 times. You would think that I would learn. He took the checks that were supposed to go into my IRA and spent them instead. Then I found out he was cheating on me for years and that’s where a lot of the money went. When I had enough and filed for divorce, he stopped paying my health insurance and I didn’t find out until after I had surgery and the insurance  

One of my ex wives decided it was a good idea to ignore all the bills and hide them under drawers , under the wardrobe , under the bed . She did it for several months then told me she wanted to move back to Canada for six months or so to see her family there . I discovered how bad things had gotten when I came back from driving her and the kids to the airport and found my landline had been disconnected , and a big brown envelope from the sheriff / bailiff office was lying on the floor in front of the letterbox . Her six months turned into 18 months and I needed all 18 of those months just to c 

I once had a friend tell me her husband left her out of the blue. He paid all the bills and 6 months before he left her. He paid his credit cards off then only made minimum payments on hers. All major purchases were made on hers so hers were still high when he left her. The day he left her he walked in to the bank and cleaned out savings and checking. They had joint checking and savings. Oh yeah he paid his truck almost off and made the minimum payments on her car too. Lawyer told her the only way to get half back was to have a contested divorce. She couldn't afford it so he walked away w every 

What was the most expensive thing you ever got for free, because someone made a mistake and didn't charge you?
I went online to buy a pistol from Walmart in Brazil, added it to my shopping cart, filled out my credit card information and clicked the submit button. A text message popped up on my phone saying my credit card had been charged for the correct amount. A few seconds later an email notification followed, I opened the email, read through it and realized the delivery address was my old address which was way on the other side of the city three hours from my new house. I went back to the website to change it, but the button to select another address was greyed out. So, I called their customer servi 

A house! This house.  The result was a gain of either a £105k or £60k depending on your point of view. I know I’m going to get lots of people calling bullshit on this and I can’t provide too much evidence as I don’t want this coming back on me so you’ll just have to bear with me. In 1999 my girlfriend (now wife) was expecting, so we scraped, grafted and begged to get a deposit together for our own home. The 10% deposit required was £6000 and we managed to negotiate a great deal from a retiring couple who had raised a family in that home and they wanted to see it go to a new family. We struggled to f 

I have received something expensive but not through a mistake. It was because of a very kind person. In September 2008 I managed to live my lifelong dream and visited Graceland in Memphis. I am from the north east of England so this was a really big deal for me - as I never holiday abroad - I have always had other priorities, but I saved up for a year for this trip. On my second day there I met someone, a young man on his own, who was chatting to my two daughters (they came with me) at the bar of the Heartbreak Hotel and he came to sit with us. It turned out that this young man had a meeting with 

Not quite free but a huge discount. A long time ago I was a junior engineer, about 22, on a project building a radio communications system, and I was given the job of buying an Intel “in circuit emulator” or ICE. These were very expensive pieces of equipment for testing computer software, you take out the CPU and plug in the ICE. You can then run your programs at full speed and trace what happens, put in conditional break points (so you can say “if this happens then stop running”) and do lots of clever debugging not possible with embedded microcontrollers which don't have screens to monitor act 

So far the best deal I got in my history of expensive purchases is a new car which was advertised highly below its market value. Basically I was looking for a brand new car, either with a pre-registration or without. Here in Germany we have lots of car import companies; they buy new or pre-registered cars from eastern european countries such as Slovenia (as in my case) for a much lower list price and ship them to Germany to re-sell them to their customers. There is a wide range of cars available in stock with those companies, so I had lots of opportunities to choose one for myself. After a few m 

A set of 18V battery powered Ryobi tools from Home Depot. I got them free but not because somebody forgot to charge me, instead, the cashier forego the $0.01 I should have paid for them and let me go without getting my one red cent. Backstory, if you are in the US and you are a deal hunter, you may have heard a now defunct site called fatwallet . com (thanks ebates a-holes for shutting it down by the way). On this site people used to discuss deals and every once in a while an incredible deal like this one used to fall into people’s lap. So, one day I am working from home due to an early phone co 

How about a crazy discount? When my husband and I got married we set up a registry. We didn’t register for a lot, but we weren’t getting married in the city we lived in. We got married in the city our parents/siblings lived in, and we didn’t want to be flying with gifts. It was easier to register and pick up at home. One thing I really wanted was a big Le Creuset, a 9 qt one. Even a decade ago they were REALLY pricey, in the 450 range in Canada, but, hey, registry, why not? My former graduate school roommates, who were very good friends of ours,got it for us. I was THRILLED. They ordered it from  

To be clear, I DID pay for it - they chose to return my money….. Two years ago, just before Christmas, our refrigerator died (of course). Please understand, we RV full-time — RV refrigerators have multiple sources of power (electric, propane) and even the smallest of them starts at something like $1500 (new, and this is NOT the kind of thing I’d be comfortable with doing DIY installation). Because we stay in parks, I don’t really “need” to replace the dead one with another 2-way… I just need a fridge, a regular house fridge will work fine as long as it fits the space. Yay! Surely I can find some 

My father was a very neat guy that was in the restaurant business and the antique business. He had a thing for Lighting, Furniture and Timepieces both old and new. A book could be written about him and his exploits, but that is another story. When I was very young my parents divorced. My mom stayed in Connecticut, and my Father stayed in New York City. As I got a little older My father's interest in timepieces rubbed off on me a little bit. My brother and I went to visit him one weekend and my father showed my a really cool new watch that he had picked up. It was a Rolex Daytona Chronograph. Stain 

I really can’t afford this, I reluctantly admitted. The salesman who I’d let in two hours ago to do a free demonstration on my carpet replied, “I’ll just leave it here tonight so you can finish the rest of your carpet and be back tomorrow afternoon to pick it up.” It was an $2000 Rainbow Vacuum cleaner with all of the attachments and a carbon copy contract outlining payments for the next two years… I would have loved to own it, but it was 1996, I was 22 years old with a small new home and newborn baby. This guy, his name was Chris, wasn’t going away anytime soon, but as an appreciation gift to 

What are some common ways that rich people mispend their money?
Yesterday, I was putzing around shopping for a few hours, and a fancy furniture store with an interesting exterior caught my eye. Inside, the furniture was beautiful and ornate. The lighting was perfect in each room. Chill, strategically chosen music played overhead. Every room was presented as a magazine. The rugs I walked on were the highest quality. Probably made/imported from all over the world.  Walking around, I was quickly met by a sales agent, “Hello siiiir, how can I help you?” “Just browsing, thanks.” I continued to walk around in this showroom, sitting on a few couches. Running my hands o 

There tends to be different kinds of wealthy people: The self made wealth people - from business or from salaried income and gradually increasing their wealth. So this group can include executives but can also include “millionaire next door” types that have gotten rich slowly.The self made wealthy - from sports and entertainment and some outliers like lottery winnersThe inherited wealthy people - self-explanatoryThe first group, tends to be quite careful with money. A 55 year old person, who has taken decades to get very wealthy and has done it gradually, is unlikely to waste too much money, un 

There’s a saying “beware the third generation”. Billionaires/millionaires are usually pretty smart with their money. (Let’s assume they have a business, and didn’t get lucky with art or something). Their sons usually see the work their dad did, and can kind of copy it. They spend a little more, but more or less still know how to save, and budget correctly. More times than not, the 3rd generation is born spoiled, has no idea how to work, and ends up losing the money. They did not see the effort that went into creating such wealth. This wealth is all they know. People who become rich over night, whe 

Wasting money puts people in a real party mood. And rich people like to have fun when they’re free. They are also the only ones who can afford that. It doesn’t depend if they’re first-generation rich or third-generation rich as some people suggest. If there is enough money in your pocket, you’ll always find a way to waste it. So, what are the most common ways in which people do that? They gamble, and they gamble big: Michael Jordan is by far the greatest sports icon the world has ever seen. His game turned him into a brand, which has resulted in incredible monetary returns. But Michael likes to g

(When money is not a servant it is a master.)  Water tank: Well, some affluent villagers in Punjab have installed water tanks in shape of air planes. These are not only expensively but also an eye sore to many.[1] Restaurant: It may sound bizarre; but an affluent entrepreneur has turned an air plane (Air bus 320) into a restaurant known as Run way 1 in Ludhiana,Punjab. Well, it does serve pure vegetarian but multi cuisine food and affluent visit it to enjoy its hospitality[2] Nevertheless; it is also involved in legal tussles with authorities. Offering: It may sound strange; but many who seek visas or 

I’m glad this question asked rich, instead of wealthy. Because wealth is a system that works for you. Wealth grows over time. A wealthy person gets richer every year. A rich person just has money. Read This answer if you wanna hear me talk about people that came from the bottom, and still managed to squash it all Drug dealers, Rappers, Entrepreneurs, etc. Common ways are spending their money on things that don’t grow. 1.) Divorce, child support, Marriage, etc. I hate to be cynical, actually cross that I love to be cynical. And I mean this when I say that marriage is one of the worst legal contracts 

This is only a direct observation of some of the nouveau riche I’ve known. Not all. But you’ve asked for examples of misspending, so… Even after having made it financially, some nouveau riche can have great inferiority complexes. They suffer to compete and compare themselves with others. Deep down they know money does not confer or infer character or intellect. Outwardly, as a form of spending/misspending, I’ve seen this expressed in two stages of evolving neediness: In the first stage, you must have ten times more of everything, ten times larger, and if there are gaudy brand names and interestin

CHARITY !! They sometimes donates money to NGOs without proper research if these organisations are worth the money and support they get. This not only leads to waste of their money but can also be curse to the society at times. If the money is not properly channelized it becomes nothing but “Black economy” which has its own cons , although most of the rich people are smart enough but still a few sentimental fellows among them gets trapped by these so called “ nobel ” organisations and no body even rich or poor would like their money they have donated for a good cause to be misused. Not every NG 

The most common way a rich person's money is mispent is when they buy things they don't need at all, they see a neighbor or friend with a new car, and even though they already have a few cars or trucks, they go buy a brand new more enhanced version of the car and it's simply to show up whoever had the new car, they also do that with possessions and clothing and basically everything, and it's the most stupid thing, imagine buying something you don't really want just to be a big shot, I could never understand that, and the worst part is that they usually don't donate any real money to homeless s 

Have you ever been to a flower shop in your nearby, those are pretty prevelant in and around cities, their number splunges during V-Day and during the times of marriage season.  These flower bouquets are sold for anywhere between INR 500–1500 ( 7 $- 21 $) depending upon size, flowers and time of the year. Not only those are bought/sold quite frequently. I have seen people posting pictures of it on instagram and glorifying and portraying it as romantic gesture and all. It must be romantic, no arguing on that. But what happens to it after that ?? It spoils, the petals and leaves all demoisturises and 

You get $10 million, but for the rest of your life, there is a super snail that is invincible and kills you by touching you. It follows you, trying to kill you. It can board a plane. What would you do?
I’m amazed that I haven’t seen this answer yet. Clearly you all didn’t spend enough time playing tower defense games in middle school computer lab classes. So this snail can’t be trapped or stopped, and can use human transportation. The last rule is a kicker; otherwise you could just fly to the other side of the world and have at least 50 years to enjoy your $10 million before the snail caught up to you. Some answers have tried to deal with invisible snails that can move though walls or destroy objects in their path to reach you. While these kill all the loopholes, they also kill all the fun—the 

This is already the case, minus the $10,000,000USD. Metaphorically speaking, of course. (Well, metaphorically for most people, I'd imagine.) . I will be liberal with my acceptance of your binding terms: -If I am in a place where the snail cannot actually follow, or have something to continue on (like a freefall), it will follow mid-air, at pace. -Obstacles do not stop it---it moves at pace through matter, or taking the same path as me, whatever that entails. -This is an average sized snail, as sampled from the modern population of snails and adjusted for regional incidence and my being in North Ameri 

That's a simple answer. Let's establish some ground rules, just to make sure: The snail is a normal snailThe snail can and will only kill meThe snail will pursue the shortest path possible at each timeEssentially, the snail is a Tower defense AI enemy. Luckily, I have some hundreds of hours of experience at these types of enemies and surely know how to trick them. Now for the plan. I buy a large house in China with a large basement. Ok, but what's special? I hire an engineer and ask him to build a large continuous maze for the snail. With a 5x5 section, and looping around.if the walls that seal the  

So I checked out the speed of a snail… Cornu aspersum: 0.047 km/h - In a year, this beast can travel 411.72km. It can board a plane, has super intelligence, and can fly through solid concrete, so trapping it isn’t an option. It knows exactly where I am, but I never know where it is. It has super-human intelligence and can predict exactly where I am, and can conceal itself. It’s only limit is speed. This would mean a life on the run, at least to the extent that I couldn’t stay in any one place. I’d have to stay away from flight paths, because it could air-drop on me, and generally, there’s a prett 

To determine the best strategy of surviving with the money, I looked up the speed snails travel at.  0.029 mph.   Then I realized that while it could board a plane, it would need to be able to catch the plane to travel on it.  If it missed the plane, then it would have to travel by ground.   So how long would it take for a snail to travel from say Sydney, Australia to Say, Chicago, IL?  (I chose Chicago because I'm from near there, and Sydney because I hear the weather is very nice there when it's crappy here, and it's far away).   The distance according to Google is 9,241 miles.  That would take 

Right, so there’s a snail that’s following me, is out for me, and kills me by touching me. However, I‘m now also £8,272,000 richer. To begin with, let’s assume that the snail will spawn right outside my house, and will slip in through a crack sometime very soon. A snail moves at ~0.013 metres per second, and so if it was 10 metres outside my house, it would take around 12 minutes to get in, and from then on, I’d be unbelievably vigilant. I’d get up on a chair for a greater field of view, and get a glass. I’d hand this glass to my mum, and tell her that sometime soon, a snail will come in, and that 

“You get $10 million, but for the rest of your life, there is a super snail that is invincible and kills you by touching you. It follows you, trying to kill you. It can board a plane. What would you do?” It’s. A. Snail. OK, so, I can’t kill it, and the question details also say it can’t be trapped… let’s even extrapolate that and say it can pass through any barriers to always pursue in a straight line. It can board planes, but as we’ll see, that turns out to be utterly irrelevant. Even if we assume this is the fastest species of snail known to science, the garden snail Cornu aspersum,[1] it still ha 

The simplest answer is to live on a boat.   So long as you keep moving the snail will never catch up. The snail is following you not getting ahead of you so it will be reasonably easy to avoid. I need never fear it waiting for me where I land unless I am backtracking. It will follow me at a snail's pace which is less than I can walk let alone travel in a boat. I can get new supplies quite easily and so long as I time my travels carefully based on the speed of a snail I can visit many places. Only pick up supplies in new locations as you move along and never backtrack. Make sure you factor how lon 

I changed the answer slightly when the question made the snail invincible. I’m surprised that no answer thus far, with all of the ingenuity of travel and calculation of snail speeds and treadmills, has involved something that looks like this:  He would become my little buddy, and over time, our differences might be forgotten. I’m not saying it would happen over night, but over time. First off, $10 million isn’t that much, so I’d try to grow it first. Once that was successful, I implement phase 2. We’d travel everywhere together. We’d go scuba diving together, and travel the world side by side whe 

No.  Absolutely not.  Let's start with the fact that $10 million dollars in today's economy is a lot of money but it's definitely not what it used to be. A typical person, if they wanted to devote a lifetime of effort and dedication to a single cause (like keeping a death snail away), could very likely earn millions, no death snail involved. So is the extra money worth living in fear over?  Many answers are focusing on methods to prevent the snail from reaching you or somehow evading the snail for the rest of your life.  Really?  Even though I'm a fairly normal person who can do normal every day thi 

What is the most effective yet efficient way to get rich?
You become rich by either solving a problem or creating one then solving it. Under arm deodorant is a good example of the latter... was it a real problem to solve or one created by advertising? Facebook, Instagram, twitter all fall in this category. The easiest path to a million is working for someone else, learning the business and figuring out what is a continual issue or problem and resolving it. Being 18 does not give you lots of life experience --- so you wouldn't know of any issues in oil and gas, road building, airplanes, cars, pollution, politics, etc. So coming up with something new ma 

This is perhaps one question we ask ourselves the most as we look to increase our income for any number of reasons. Conventional wisdom on the subject does not have a stellar record for make people wealthy, yet naive societies continue to follow conventional financial wisdom which has not changed in will over 2,000 years. Yet with well over 5,000 years of written history, you would think that knowing how to become wealthy would be common knowledge and that everyone would be financially free, independent, and secure. Therefore, with 5,000 years of written history, and an untold number of books  

“I’m not allowed to be rich.” I literally used to think that. It wasn’t in a negative way. It’s just what I thought. It’s like I knew I’d never be seven feet tall. Am I mad that I’m not seven feet? No. I’m just not seven feet. It’s a fact of life. That’s what I though about being rich. Being rich was for other people. A different group of people that I wasn’t a part of… and would never be a part of. Ironically, I was very lucky growing up because I went to a school with lots of wealthy families. I was literally surrounded by the children of millionaires. I’d hang out with them at school, we played spo 

I know what worked for me and I’ve spent a lot of time thinking about it over the years. Keep in mind, the term “rich” is relative. First, I’ll start by saying there are a lot of people who make a living telling you how to become rich. They make it sound easy. It’s not, and it’s not impossible or even all that rare. These people are around you every day. They just have no reason to tell the world. I have a friend who’s got a massive net worth, yet nobody would know he exists. I’m also the co-founder of Exotics at Redmond Town Center, where exotic cars show up all summer long for the Saturday eve 

Paul Getty said Rise earlyWork hardStrike oil*** Shakespeare said Have more than thou showest,Speak less than thou knowest,Lend less than thou owest,Ride more than thou goest,Learn more than thou trowest,Set less than thou throwest,Leave thy drink and thy whoreAnd keep in-a-door,And thou shalt have moreThan two tens to a score.*** Though most answers will be related to studying; having initiative; working harder; or some advantage that gives you a lead, in the UK there is a saying"Where there's muck there's brass"Meaning, there's always money if you are prepared to do dirty work tha 

If you have absolutely no money then you need to take tips from How To Start A Business With No Money Your Success is Guaranteed – If You Do This “Here is a rule that will guarantee your success – and more times than not will make you rich: Invest 3 percent of your income back into yourself.” That’s great advice from Brian Tracy. I’m going to show you the formula that can double, triple, or quadruple your income. Stocks, bonds and mutual funds are for conservative people who just want to protect the money they already have. I will describe the only investing strategy I recommend if you want to e 

There's a story of an Italian Billionaire who, when asked what he'd do if he had to start over from scratch (I searched Google 50 times to find the original without luck), he replied that he'd take any job to make $500, buy a nice suit, then go to parties where he'd meet successful people. The implication was that he’d meet someone who'd offer him a job, share an opportunity, etc. I'm almost 40 and of the 5 career type jobs I've had in my life (I run my own business now), 4 came through networking. Only 1 came out of applying to a job listing. But networking isn't something you just go out and d 

From my own experience. I was driven by the desire to be financially independent and not to have to work for someone else. I hated wasting my time doing someone else's work. I always saw a better way of doing things (from my perspective). I wanted to lead my own life doing what I chose to do. I absolutely had to make enough money to be independent or .... well there was no other option. I worked out, that to do what I wanted, when I wanted, for the rest of my life you needed a good lump of cash, that after tax that you could put in a low risk investment (4% sounded reasonable from my research). T 

Most effective-start your own business because that is how most people become self made millionaires (including me). Most efficient-Start your business  and make sure you put management in place as soon as you can so that you do not have to run it day to day. Millionaire in 3-7 Years My message that I repeated in different ways is almost anyone can start a ordinary business and be a millionaire in 3-7 years. I am defining rich as $1,000,000. You do not need a new and innovative idea.You do not need your own money (I was broke when I started my business)There is tons of free help in the U.S. to in

First, realize that you need to average over $700,000 a year starting today to reach your goal. But that can't be your salary; it has be the growth in your assets (since, as you requested, it pertains to net worth). People earn money by solving problems. The bigger the problem, the more money you earn. So if you really want to make a lot of money, you need a solution which can be scaled, meaning your one solution can be used by many paying customers at once. (Software is a good example of this: you can charge $20 for the same software a million times.) If you are really, really committed to this 

Why will most people not become millionaires?
Many people will not become millionaires because of the following reasons MindsetMany people have broken mindsets. What do I mean by this? well, many people have poor mentality, they have certain ways that separates them from how millionaires think, fortunately one’s mindset can be changed. 2. People are trying to make a quick buck let's say you're running two adverts, one says “ Make $500 within the next 24 hour” while the other says “ Great strategy to grow your business in 6 months” , I bet the first one will have more clicks than the other. As much as people try to make money quickly here and  

Most people will not become millionaires.  Sad reality but true… Frankly speaking, most people do not have what it takes to become millionaires. Here’s why: 1. Lack of Purpose The majority of people in the world lack purpose. What this means is that most people don’t really know why they exist. The most important question is not HOW TO BECOME A MILLIONAIRE but WHY YOU SHOULD BECOME A MILLIONAIRE. Many millionaires didn’t just start off following selfish interests and goals to buy luxury cars and expensive homes. They had bigger purposes and goals to uplift the lives of their families and communities. 2 

There are so many reasons why most people will never become millionaires. Most people have already given tons of reasons but let me narrow it down to 4 main ones: They’re not avid readers.One of the reasons millionaires become millionaires is because of their constant desire to learn. To them, leadership books and biographies are much more important than the latest reality show or who got kicked off the island. When they have free time, they use it wisely—by reading. They don't understand delayed gratificationEveryday millionaires spend most of their lives sacrificing temporary pleasures for long 

Look, it's easy to Google or ask your crazy second removed cousin about 'how to make a million dollars' but...BE CAREFUL WHO YOU GET ADVICE FROM! Everyone loves to give money advice, and 9/10 times, it’s not good advice. Why? Whoever gave it to you could have the best intentions for you when they give it, but unless they’ve actually amassed that amount, it all comes being nothing more than second or third-hand information at best. In short: Most people won’t become a millionaire because they’re not taking advice from actual millionaires. That’s why I wanted to bring you expert insights from not  

Because their parents aren’t multi-millionaires. Most people would agree we learn from our mistakes, only those from a upper middle class/wealthy background have the familial and social support to recover from such mistakes. Certainly there are people from poor or migrant backgrounds who become wealthy, but many more remain poor or end up in prison. Unusual stories are more interesting and everyone loves a “rags to riches” story, it’s more uplifting than the depressing reality. Many people who claim to be “self made” millionaires de-emphasise the role familial and peer group support played in thei 

Quesrion: Why will most people not become millionaires? Answer: Because of lack of fairness and equality. We all know that we all work in life. Some get paid better for the same job and some get paid less. Some like our politicians are still paid no matter if , they do anything or not and there are plenty of people in this world like that. Who think that they deserve those privileges even if they aren’t doing anything. Now, the world mostly has two types of people doers and don’ters The doer is the person that acts rather than merely talks or thinks. The don'ter moans about what they want but never a 

Because money is a force. You have to have the skill to hold it and make it work for you. Only 1 out of 10 can save or keep money even when they are given it. The rest are not disciplined and never will be. As any skill anyone “can” learn them. However, most people will never learn to play music, sing, or just about anything that requires you to master it. Why? Because they are not wired or interested in it. You have come into the world with your skills. You do not choose them. Most of the people that try to become rich only really like the IDEA of being free of financial stress. They have no  

There are three reasons why most people will not become millionaires. First, given the amount of wealth in the world, it is literally impossible for the majority of the 7.53B people on the planet to become millionaires. So, let me respond to a more restrictive question: Why will most people who want to become millionaires, not become millionaires? To put it simply, most people are not equipped to succeed in the primarily capitalistic, winner take all, food fight that forms the economy throughout the developed world. To be really successful in today’s economic world takes, as others have noted,  

There are lots of books on the subject, yet I never read one motivational book on my road to success. Yes, I’ve read great books about entrepreneurship, I never needed motivation. When someone asks how I did it, I have a hard time giving a simple answer and I’ve spent hours thinking about how to simply say what it took for me to find success. I think anyone can become wealthy if they are willing to do the work, and I think that part is what most don’t want to do in the first place. They are looking for a shortcut and I never found one. I have a lot of successful friends. Only a very few inherit 

Here Are The 10 Reasons People Don’t Become Millionaires  10 - Entitlement - people feel they deserve money without earning it. Entitled people will never work hard enough to earn any real money because they feel things should be given to them 9 - Middle class mindset People do “just enough” to get by and are satisfied making $50k/year. They own a home they’re handcuffed to and basically live paycheck to paycheck with 2 weeks of vacation a year 8 - Lack of consistency The rich make consistent routines in their life. A consistent approach start with getting consistent in your day to day operation 7 - N 

You get $10 million, but for the rest of your life, there is a super snail that is invincible and kills you by touching you. It follows you, trying to kill you. It can board a plane. What would you do?
I’m amazed that I haven’t seen this answer yet. Clearly you all didn’t spend enough time playing tower defense games in middle school computer lab classes. So this snail can’t be trapped or stopped, and can use human transportation. The last rule is a kicker; otherwise you could just fly to the other side of the world and have at least 50 years to enjoy your $10 million before the snail caught up to you. Some answers have tried to deal with invisible snails that can move though walls or destroy objects in their path to reach you. While these kill all the loopholes, they also kill all the fun—the 

This is already the case, minus the $10,000,000USD. Metaphorically speaking, of course. (Well, metaphorically for most people, I'd imagine.) . I will be liberal with my acceptance of your binding terms: -If I am in a place where the snail cannot actually follow, or have something to continue on (like a freefall), it will follow mid-air, at pace. -Obstacles do not stop it---it moves at pace through matter, or taking the same path as me, whatever that entails. -This is an average sized snail, as sampled from the modern population of snails and adjusted for regional incidence and my being in North Ameri 

That's a simple answer. Let's establish some ground rules, just to make sure: The snail is a normal snailThe snail can and will only kill meThe snail will pursue the shortest path possible at each timeEssentially, the snail is a Tower defense AI enemy. Luckily, I have some hundreds of hours of experience at these types of enemies and surely know how to trick them. Now for the plan. I buy a large house in China with a large basement. Ok, but what's special? I hire an engineer and ask him to build a large continuous maze for the snail. With a 5x5 section, and looping around.if the walls that seal the  

So I checked out the speed of a snail… Cornu aspersum: 0.047 km/h - In a year, this beast can travel 411.72km. It can board a plane, has super intelligence, and can fly through solid concrete, so trapping it isn’t an option. It knows exactly where I am, but I never know where it is. It has super-human intelligence and can predict exactly where I am, and can conceal itself. It’s only limit is speed. This would mean a life on the run, at least to the extent that I couldn’t stay in any one place. I’d have to stay away from flight paths, because it could air-drop on me, and generally, there’s a prett 

To determine the best strategy of surviving with the money, I looked up the speed snails travel at.  0.029 mph.   Then I realized that while it could board a plane, it would need to be able to catch the plane to travel on it.  If it missed the plane, then it would have to travel by ground.   So how long would it take for a snail to travel from say Sydney, Australia to Say, Chicago, IL?  (I chose Chicago because I'm from near there, and Sydney because I hear the weather is very nice there when it's crappy here, and it's far away).   The distance according to Google is 9,241 miles.  That would take 

Right, so there’s a snail that’s following me, is out for me, and kills me by touching me. However, I‘m now also £8,272,000 richer. To begin with, let’s assume that the snail will spawn right outside my house, and will slip in through a crack sometime very soon. A snail moves at ~0.013 metres per second, and so if it was 10 metres outside my house, it would take around 12 minutes to get in, and from then on, I’d be unbelievably vigilant. I’d get up on a chair for a greater field of view, and get a glass. I’d hand this glass to my mum, and tell her that sometime soon, a snail will come in, and that 

“You get $10 million, but for the rest of your life, there is a super snail that is invincible and kills you by touching you. It follows you, trying to kill you. It can board a plane. What would you do?” It’s. A. Snail. OK, so, I can’t kill it, and the question details also say it can’t be trapped… let’s even extrapolate that and say it can pass through any barriers to always pursue in a straight line. It can board planes, but as we’ll see, that turns out to be utterly irrelevant. Even if we assume this is the fastest species of snail known to science, the garden snail Cornu aspersum,[1] it still ha 

The simplest answer is to live on a boat.   So long as you keep moving the snail will never catch up. The snail is following you not getting ahead of you so it will be reasonably easy to avoid. I need never fear it waiting for me where I land unless I am backtracking. It will follow me at a snail's pace which is less than I can walk let alone travel in a boat. I can get new supplies quite easily and so long as I time my travels carefully based on the speed of a snail I can visit many places. Only pick up supplies in new locations as you move along and never backtrack. Make sure you factor how lon 

I changed the answer slightly when the question made the snail invincible. I’m surprised that no answer thus far, with all of the ingenuity of travel and calculation of snail speeds and treadmills, has involved something that looks like this:  He would become my little buddy, and over time, our differences might be forgotten. I’m not saying it would happen over night, but over time. First off, $10 million isn’t that much, so I’d try to grow it first. Once that was successful, I implement phase 2. We’d travel everywhere together. We’d go scuba diving together, and travel the world side by side whe 

No.  Absolutely not.  Let's start with the fact that $10 million dollars in today's economy is a lot of money but it's definitely not what it used to be. A typical person, if they wanted to devote a lifetime of effort and dedication to a single cause (like keeping a death snail away), could very likely earn millions, no death snail involved. So is the extra money worth living in fear over?  Many answers are focusing on methods to prevent the snail from reaching you or somehow evading the snail for the rest of your life.  Really?  Even though I'm a fairly normal person who can do normal every day thi 

Do you know any military officer who is a millionaire?
What is the best way to make a million dollars?
Now you can see just how manageable this goal is. 1. UNDERSTAND THE GAME: MILLION DOLLAR IDEAS VS. SCALE MENTALITY Far too many people are utterly obsessed with coming up with a million dollar idea in the hope it will make them millions of dollars. And while some people do actually manage to do this, it's not the smartest way to tackle the financial goal you've set for yourself. Instead of looking for that one big, elusive million dollar idea, why not look for an idea that will generate $10 of profit? And then repeat that process 100,000 times. You see, earning large amounts of money is often more 

I’m going to show you exactly how to make a million dollars with little risk and enormous upside.  This isn’t some scam or some get-rich scheme – this is an outline of the exact process many people are using now to make over one million dollars a year. Now, I’ll be honest with you… this plan takes some work. You’re going to have to invest a little bit of money and you’re going to have to do a little bit of travel, but the upside reward can be gigantic. First let me introduce you to the Canton Fair, which is held twice a year in Guangzhou, China. The Canton Fair is essentially an international trad 

There is no easy way of making a million dollars, well if its your first million. So excluding lottery, gambling, high risk bets, family assets, insurance payouts, lawsuits etc. There is also the one in a million chance type scenario i.e.  athletes, singers, gifted, extremely talented in something, the inventor, maven, the zuckerberg etc. There is also the economic opportunity, o the good old days. People I knew bought houses in 2004 for 15 k down 220 k average mortgage. 2009 sold the house for 1M+. Made a million in 5 years, and had their regular job also. So I'm gonna disregard the above method 

There is no one best way to do anything, but there IS a shortcut to making a million dollars. First of all, a million dollars is not a lot of money in relative terms. You drive by millions of dollars every day and you don’t blink. Case in point, have you ever driven by McDonalds? The average McDonalds restaurant makes $2.6 million a year in revenue at a $500,000 - $1 million profit. So, if you could open up a McDonalds, that might get you there. However, here is another way to look at it… It is easier to make a million dollars if you have a starving crowd. Specifically, if you can find a group of peo 

 People who will fail to become millionaires usually say things like: “I’ll be happy when I make a million.” or “I want to be rich like Elon Musk and Bill Gates.” Everyone I know who became a millionaire looked at successful people and instead said: “I wish I could figure out how they think and how they solve problems.” Instead of money, what you should really want is to think like a millionaire. If you can think like Warren Buffet or any other rich person you’ll make money, and you’ll enjoy life more because that mindset will last for the rest of your life.  What industry should you go into to beco 

In the month of June 2020, during the midst of the pandemic we’ve been living through, I’ve spent a lot of time at home. I haven’t been able to take my normal trips out to California and to other states to spend time by the beach. Instead, I’ve been quarantining and spending my time working in the stock market. And I can see that it’s the same for a lot of other people, especially those who have been either forced to work at home instead of their offices or even worse, being laid off from their jobs or having their businesses fall apart due to the change of environment that this pandemic has c 

What is the best way to become rich or become the owner of a million dollars? You have to understand, that there is not one single way to your goal.  It is like a Road Map, there are many ways and highways to your destination.  It requires many things.  It is like the spokes of a wheel, remove just one single spoke, and your wheel becomes weak and wobbly.  All are important and each have contributions to your Million Dollars.  here are a few; Savings.  Good deals come along each and every day.  The money to take advantage of those deals do not come along very often.  SAVE! More Millionaires have  

When I graduated from college, as required, I entered the family business my father had founded. I hated every day.  We owned a large machine shop and parts warehouse servicing the agriculture, oil and trucking industries. My dad was an inventor, held several patents, and loved every minute of working in the shop creating with his hands and mind. I found it stifling. I didn’t like working in the shop and the business improvements I suggested were met with disinterest from my dad and older brother. Eventually we split up the businesses leaving me with a small branch operation. A year later the economy 

As has been already stated, the mechanics of making $1,000,000 are very simple. Frankly, with the advent of the internet and its potential to leverage a business once you make 1 ,000,000 you can scale it much farther if you have a business model that allows for such.  So, since it is so easy to make a fortune in today's age as compared to earlier in history, why have so few people made it rich? I will outline my thoughts and observations as to why people do NOT make it rich instead of the mechanics of how to do so, as I believe they go hand in hand and the "how to" part has been covered well alr 

Easy way, be born into a wealthy family. There are a lot of great answers here.  I'm not going to cover what has been mentioned already.  Seriously, if there was a real, "easy" way everyone would do it.  The, "best" way to make a million is to work hard at it and earn it through the sweat of your brow. Hard work is good for you and yes it does build character. Good character, getting so rare in today's society, is worth more than the million you earn. The mentality of get rich quick and easy does you no service and actually servers to degrade your character.  Learn to be persistent. Learn to stan 

What are some of the greatest life hacks that will earn you millions?
ARRRRRGHHHHHH!!!!! There is no such thing as a “life hack” and therefore there aren’t life hacks that will make you millions. Your main problem is that you are Googling “life hacks that will make me millions” instead of doing something now that may make you millions after 5–10 years, which is how things normally progress. In 2006 I bought an old Monopoly game for $30 at an auction in Pennsylvania while I was in law school. I sold it a week later on eBay for $100. From that first $70 I made, I was not inspired to “hack” anything, but instead to find ways to make money that were easier and more e 

If you apply this life hack you will never go broke again - guaranteed. In fact you can go out there and make millions in a couple of minutes... Ready for it? Ok. Let’s go… Have you ever taken a group photo? Yes? Which is the first image you spend the whole day looking at in the group photo? Yours - Right? Ok. I do the same. In fact you also do the same - and then after you’re satisfied that you’re at least in the photo, you begin comparing yourself with the rest of the guys in the photo. Then you look at the other people - mostly the girls - that is, if you’re a guy and vice versa… Guess what? Everyb 

At 23 years old, I worked with my family to start a business. By 25 years old, it was a million dollar business. There are a few business/life hacks that can help you achieve this. Hack 1: Look into Franchising You don’t have to re-invent the wheel when starting a business. Especially for your first business, it may be better to purchase a franchise—which is an existing business system you can buy into with a franchise fee and royalties. The benefit often is that there is proof of concept, existing systems in place, training &amp; support at the corporate level (especially beneficial for the first time 

“Rich people have small TVs and big libraries, and poor people have small libraries and big TVs.” - Zig Ziglar Most people will wait and wish for the magical moment to happen where their circumstances change and they become millionaires. Fortunately, there are enough millionaires and billionaires out there now for us to know that they didn’t come by their money thanks to luck. There are drug addicts who are now rich beyond belief. There are famous authors who couldn’t afford food that are now millionaires. There are people who have been fired that are C.E.O’s of some of the worlds largest companies 

The internet is your doorway… Thanks to the internet just about everyone has access to ALL the information you need to make millions in any field. Literally all the information is there for free if you look a little and if you don’t want to spend hours on Google then you can just buy the info you need. So, tip number one is to use the internet as your tool or vehicle to get you to your riches. Tip number two is learn how to catch trends. By catching the right trends and using the internet to cash in on them you can make a head spinning amount of money. You can really turbo boost your changes of suc 

There is no life hack that will earn anyone millions. Even asking for a life hack that will lead you to millions already shows that you are approaching the whole thing with the wrong mindset. There is no quick and easy way of making a lot of money. Anybody who earns millions first spent years of dedicated work into turning a vision into reality. Obviously, this means things like: NOT quittingstaying focused on one main thingcutting all sorts of distractions out of your lifecontinuously improving in your fieldAlmost every single success story is a slow and deliberate one. Just think about most of t 

1. Master the assembly  The ordinary pay bulge from marketing is roughly 7 percent, even though it may be even more when you are a supervisor, based on Mercer. But how can you buy one? "The meeting area is where we apply leadership and create authenticity," says corporate coach Dana Brownlee of Professionalism Matters. Do not predominate --nudge the team toward definite objectives. If a person can not forego some stage, consider saying, "Good idea! I am writing it down," You have now freed an area of thankful co-workers to proceed. 2. Lend a hand on the Job Research by Adam Grant in the Wharton Sch 

Picking up new skills as an adult can be tricky, especially when your energy and free time is precious. But prowess in different areas is not all created equal. Investing in certain abilities can get you big rewards for relatively little effort. Talking so lets discuss about some mental shifts that will earn you millions - Give more than you take No one likes working with someone who constantly tries to take advantage of other people. The rich and famous know this, and they provide value greater than they take--so much so that they attract the most successful opportunities to themselves. People w 

 If you’ve ever studied any millionaires or highly wealthy people, then you’ll know that there are certain “hacks” you can apply to become financially free. I have the opportunity to be working with and receiving mentorship from a millionaire but more on that later in the article… These five hacks will help you achieve financial freedom: 1)Millionaire Mindset People who make millions a year think very differently than those who make $50,000 a year. Millionaire’s think that money can always be made. They stay away from thoughts like “money doesn’t grow on trees” or “I’ll never be able to afford this. 

Understand “The Rule of 72” for compound interest. How long will it take for your money to double? Divide 72 by the interest rate 4% your money doubles in 18 years6% your money doubles in 12 years7% your money doubles in 10 years8 % your money doubles in 9 years9% your money doubles in 8 years10% your money doubles in 7 years12% your money doubles in 6 yearsInvest $5,000 at age 20 at a interest rate of 8% and by age 65 it will have doubled FIVE TIMES that makes $160,000 nest egg. Give your child $2000 at birth at a interest rate of 9% and by age 65 it will have doubled EIGHT TIMES that makes $51 

Has anyone ever become a millionaire by begging?
This story is little different.  Meet Jean-Marie Roughol, a 47 year old homeless man who begs on one of Paris’ most high-end avenues has become an unlikely celebrity after writing a bestselling book about his life on the streets.  Roughol, who has been on the streets for 25 years and regards begging as “a profession”, has to make 80 euros a day to pay for his food and board.  The actor Jean-Paul Belmondo once gave him 10 euros ($11), and France’s most famous chat show host, Michel Drucker, always tossed him a coin. Roughol wrote the book with the help of a former French interior minister Jean-Louis  

You’d be surprised to know that some begging professionals earn a lot more than you and me. A few famous one’s are in India. Malana Khan A.K.A Massu, Networth : INR 300 MillionOperates out of Mumbai, India  Should you be shopping or dining at one of the upmarket shopping malls or high-end retro bars and restaurants at the Lokhandwala Complex in suburban Mumbai's Andheri any evening, there is a good chance that you could meet Massu. Barefoot, squint-eyed, somewhat emaciated and wearing filthy clothes, Massu begs for alms. His working hours start at 8 in the evening and he calls it a day in the wee  

I would say, it's certainly a possibility. Consider: 'I make $100,000 a year PRETENDING to be handicapped': Beggar reveals the shocking con he uses to trick people into giving him cash  Oregon beggars pull in $300 per day - DailyFinance  So there are stories of successful beggars making $100k or more annually. You have to imagine that this means there may be even more successful beggars who refuse to comment on their income (I'd imagine being recognized as wealthy isn't good for 'business'). So at $100k a year, presumably tax-free, you'd imagine reaching $1 million in net worth would be entirely po 

 Yes, according to reports. (But I feel for the plight of those who suffer-see below) Meet the millionaire beggars of Mumbai 'Millionaire Beggar' Leaves Strange Inheritance in Coney Island Self-Storage Units 'I make $100,000 a year PRETENDING to be handicapped': Beggar reveals the shocking con he uses to trick people into giving him cash What is the amount most beggars can Make? $30,000-$100,000 YR, to be a millionaire, they just have to save most of it. (Note: I used this some of this answer before) How to do it! You just stand there and people give you money. I was shocked when I first heard this (so 

When everyone is naming the beggars, what about trying some different perspective to this question and answer some of the real-real beggars. Here I present you the real-real beggars who become a millionaire (probably billionaire) by begging; The Corrupt Politicians, who had nothing until they started begging for votes and used some of their tricks (touch) to make themselves up in the millionaire’s list! Nawaz Sharif – PakistanNet worth: $1.4 billion Sigmundur Davio Gunnlaugsson – IcelandUS$13.9 million Teodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo – GuineaNet worth: US$600 million Jayalalithaa - India17.6406603 mi

One of my friends in Israel has begged his Dad to invest in his business idea for 2.5 years... finally one day his dad agreed and gave him almost a million dollars to open his company. His dad has a successful car dealership and had the money but he didn't believe his son's idea was good... he didn't understand technology.But begging day &amp; night did pay off... and his dad finally cracked and gave him the money....  My friend created a startup around the idea of putting sensors on actors and creating 3D images/movies from tracking the actor's movements. Back then - it was original... and he beca 

Can I tell you a story?  I was living in Queens, NY at the time, minding my own business and eating a fairly cold McDonalds breakfast. An old Indian lady with a hunchback and a frayed brown poncho came in with watery, vapid eyes. I'd seen her a few times before, knew she was there for money, and knew she didn't speak much English. I left a 10 on the table, caught her eye, pointed at the rest of my cold food and stood up. Instead of coming over to me, she goes to the bathroom. I don't know why I didn't just leave, but I stuck around long enough to see three officers bust in the McDonalds looking 

Meet Curt Degerman:    For 40 years he spent his days searching through bins of a small Swedish town called Skellefteå. Looking for scrap metal and tin cans.  After he died of a heart attack aged 60 it was discovered he had left behind a portfolio of stocks and shares worth at least $1,100,000 in a Swiss bank account and a safety deposit box containing 124 gold bars valued at $375,000. Curt hardly ever spent any money and used to eat leftovers from bins of a fast food restaurant.  But everyday he would go to the library to read the daily business newspaper, using what he learnt to help him choose his 

While not specifically a beggar, Roberto Cercelletta makes for an interesting story. Cercelletta was an unemployed man who started fishing for coins in Rome's Trevi fountain from 1968 - 2002. Being a popular tourist destination and promising granted wishes to those tossing coins into its waters, the fountain proved quite lucrative. For 34 years, this man collected the coins by hand, rake, or magnet 6 days a week. Some days it was estimated he collected more than a $1,000. Broader estimates put Cercelletta's earning at around $100,000 per year. Although (according to himself) he distributed much 

I am not sure about millionaires, but I am pretty sure that most beggars are much richer than most people on wages. And this is in relatively poor countries like Turkey and China. In richer European or North american countries,  their situation might even be better. From time to time we hear about them in the news being caught with thousands of dollars in cash, not to mention real estate, gold and other properties.  There is even a story of a beggar in China who pays people to help him count his collected cash.  So yes, it would not be very surprising to see beggar millionaires. 33.7K views · View upvotes12111Febri Patar, military story loverAnswered 5 years ago · Author has 261 answers and 254.6K answer views

What does your day look like as a millionaire?
I'm not a millionaire myslef (I'm only 22 and in college for my final year), however my father is a millionaire. At least, in theory. We live in a developing country and he's a millionaire by the local standard but he's not a multimillionaire in USD. He's worth probably $500k if you consider all his money including non-rerurning assets such as the house we currently live in. He actually lives a very simple life. We live in a small (7000 people) village that's 45 minutes from the city ( 1 million people). We live in a 140 sq meter 4-storey house that we share with my uncle's family. This house i 

I’m the co-founder of three companies that I still have and manage to some degree. I’m the chairman of one and the CEO of the other two but I have a very hands-off management style. You can call me any time but I’m always looking to have people smarter than me in areas I’m not that good and to be honest I’m not good in many things … I’m just quite good thinking outside the box. My net worth is more than a million but I don’t have a million in my bank account. Normally wake up around 6 a.m. without an alarm (I like to wake up with the sunshine)I think it is really important to have your sleep r 

I'm a HUSTLER in Business. I'm Hustling all day. My typical day is hard to find, cause there's always something different I'm working on. First, I plan my time in 3 mth projects, which I start and have to complete within 3 mths or I drop the project. I'm ADD so this is best for me to not get bored. Then I plan my day down to the minute if possible. I run 2x 7 figure businesses, a restaurant chain and a Marketing Production Agency. My time is always spent hustling on a new project to gain new clients. This has by far been the best return on my initial investment from Universities and Certificatio 

 You know a million dollars really isn't that much in this day and age. I am a "millionaire" but what that really means is that I retired at age 49 (I am 70 now.) and have enough investments and resources that I can cash in 5% of my liquid assets every year and live an interesting and comfortable life doing exactly what I want to every day of my life. I started out with no assets whatsoever in 1970 and spent 15 years working in some of the worst places in the world (Amazon jungle, Empty Quarter of Saudi Arabia) where I made good money, saved it, and invested in the stock market. The power of 50  

I’ll stick to the question. Some have just given vague answers about being a millionaire but that wasn’t the question. The question is “what does your day look like”. But, where is the question coming from? Do you want to know what a workday looks like for a millionaire? Or, what it looks like from someone that doesn’t work anymore that’s a millionaire? In which case, the question could just be “what does a day in retired life look like?” At any rate, I can give insight into the latter. My day as someone that doesn’t have to work anymore: 7:00 - 7:30am - Wake up. I don’t set an alarm. But, for  

I am not a millionaire but, The correct answer should be: You are waking up at 11:30 am. with a very beautiful woman. (You made love last night) You go to the shower which is a nice worm Buble jacuzzi. Then take your Breakfast outside of the porch of your 3 stories mansion. The butler comes to offers you a menu from breakfast that 5-star hotels offer only. You are finishing your breakfast at 12:00 pm. You are taking your Ferrari to the nearest Golf Club. You play golf until 01:30 pm. Then you return to your mansion and spend your time in video games, movies, playing musical instruments or do som 

I wake up by 5 or 6:00, drink a glass of water followed by coffee and read the news. I take a quick shower and make a breakfast high in fiber, potassium, and calcium since those are the hardest nutrients for me to get enough of each day. I meditate for 5–15 minutes and then plan my day. At 8:00 I excercise for an hour, either with weights or I go for a run. At 9:00 I write for about an hour. Most of what I write will never get published. It’s just for practice, but I do hope my first real book will be out this year or early next year. Then I practice Polish for half an hour. I spend another ha 

I have still not understood the defination of a millionaire. But if it means being self sufficient then I'll give my answer. I wake up before 6.40 every morning. No alarms needed. I play badminton from 7.30 to 9.00 . Come back home, take bath and give my 4 year old daughter a bath. Then I have breakfast, that is meant for kings. Send her off to school and I leave for my factory works. 10.00 to 01.00 PM I work. In these three hours I'll have a talk with my assistant, with my production guy, the guy handling the dispatch. Then I call few people for some orders. Whatever I do I update my assistant wi 

I’m answering anonymously so that I can be as transparent as possible, beyond what I could be if my identity were attached. I’m 45, and a professional manager. I make about $400k/yr. My net worth is about $4.5mm, making me a millionaire a few times over. So, what does my day look like? It’s surprisingly pedestrian. I live in LA, a high-cost city. That’s an important point. So making what I make and having what I have: DOES allow me to have financial peace of mind, drive late model cars, pay for a house in a nice neighborhood, max my 401k, and generally spend without consequence on a small scale. F

I wake up around 8–9am, if my girlfriend is Not working, we make love, , I check the stock market, I make coffee fresh from the bean. I check social media. I get up, have breakfast, I go for a run/weights, or if one or some of my friends are off, we go on a bike ride. I race for fun, so I cycle about 10–15 hours a week. Home, coffee, lunch. I walk my dog, do a few bits to my bikes, or my vintage car. Coffee, snack, watch tv a bit. I have dinner, or night go out for dinner. I do my own maintenance on my properties, so that takes on average 2 hours a week. the stock market is what I use for fun mon 

How could Linus Torvalds be a millionaire if Linux is not commercial?
Why do some people say being a millionaire isn't a big deal?
What are some little known ways to become ultra wealthy?
How do I  think like 
People will be shocked by some of the list below, and the reason is simple; most people have a distorted view of the rich! Ask the average person, what are millionaires? Most people would assume it means: Big spendersLuxuryPeople with great business acumenInventors and people who are taking over the worldThe realty is much more boring. I will tell you the type of people who really become millionaire: Those who save and invest a small amount of money from a young ageThose who get a job, get good at it, and then start their own business.Selling candles from China, making $7000 a month, and reinvest 

You may wonder what magical powers the rich and wealthy possess? What are their secrets? The rich think differently. Their millionaire attitude sets them apart. The poor people do not have the kind of mindset that the rich individuals have. You can be successful in your financial and personal life, through being strong-willed. Your subconscious mind is very powerful and can influence your conscious mind. It can either make you or break you. So, for you to develop a millionaire mindset, you should start changing your thinking pattern. Start thinking positively. What you love you begin concentratin

Robbins top things like a billionaire mindset  (This image is taken from Google) I don't think it's about money has neverbeen our goal I never I never knew I was gonna write a book that sold millionsand millions of copies and so I don't take a salary from the church now butIt's about you know money is simply a tool to fulfill your destiny but I teachpeople you give money away do you help we give millions of dollars in victorynet not never dreamed that we'd be able to do to be able to bless people likethis so it's never been about you know how well thinking we become money cangive you lots of optio 

Here’s how to develop a millionaire mindset in 90 seconds or less: Imagine you have the opportunity of a lifetime to win one million dollars in a golf tournament. These are the rules: You have one chance to get one golf ball inside a par-4 hole.You have four shots to get the ball inside the hole of an average par-4 hole on an average golf course. Not a super difficult task to achieve.You have only 48 hours to prepare for the event.No special prequalifications as a golf player are required.If you complete the hole in four shots or less, you will win $1 million dollars.If you shoot five or more, yo

4 Ways to Think Like a Millionaire... A lot of people think that becoming a millionaire is simply a matter of coming up with a great business idea or working your way to the top of a fortune 500 company. What they don’t realize is that many people who earn upwards of 100k per year are still living paycheck to paycheck. The road to financial independence is not based entirely on your income, it has more to do with how you think about money. There are four key components to the millionaire mindset. Mastering them isn’t guaranteed to make you rich, but it is certainly going to get you on the right  

Use This Formula to become a millionaire  1. Have a vision. If you aspire to be a millionaire at some point in your life, or you aspire to have a seven-figure business, you’ve got to get really clear on why you want it. Throughout my 20s, making money was my “why.” A number of business successes and failures taught me that it’s not about the money, but about what the money can do for you. Why do you want to be a millionaire? You must be really clear on your “why,” so that when times get tough, or you don’t want to wake up at 4 am or make another cold call, you are pulle 

Great question. Here’s the thing. The millionaire mindset is not about money. Most successful entrepreneurs are not chasing the money, but they are passionate about the day to day process. You should be aiming at developing a growth mindset instead. In other words, you need to be passionate about improving every single day. If four years of learning get you a degree, imagine how much knowledge you can accumulate in 40 years of personal development. When you adopt this mindset, all you need to do is set big goals and crush them every time. It takes a lot of hard work and dedication, but it’s all wi 

To build a Millionaire mindset. You can read mindset books. I am giving you some list of mindset building Books. Rich Dad and Poor Dad. By Robert Kiyosaki This book will change your thinking. Rich Dad, Poor Dad book is a bestseller lists for as long as I remember. I re-read this book yesterday. One of my faviourate Quote is: Most people never study the subject [money]. They go to work, get their paycheck, balance their checkbooks, and that’s it. On top of that, they wonder why they have money problems. Few realize that it’s their lack of financial education that is the problem. 2. Think and Grow Ri 

Make pretend. Pretenders are the legacies of American history. Whatever negative things we can draw from people since the beginning of America are definitely similar in the craziness any millionaire confronts in his/her life. People hurt themselves on the way to the top and nobody pays attention to the fact that they need to eat, and everything is out of control. Basically, think about making lists of over thousands of things you think millionaires could emphasize their personalities and mentalities down: my nook is writing and reading, and try to focus a lot of time doing that. Another good thi 

We live in a time when the opportunities to become a millionaire have never been greater.  The Internet has opened up a whole host of opportunities that did not exist in the past. However, the Internet has also created an incredible paradox that is reflected in the story of James the producer and Joe the consumer, which I will discuss in more detail here: “The Internet’s Paradox Seen Through the Story of James the Producer and Joe the Consumer[1]”. At a time when it has never been easier to create content that can be made available to as many people as possible in order to make money online, many ar 

Do multi millionaires/ billionaires go through depression?
How can I realistically make one million dollars in 5 years?
Yes, absolutely possible. Here's how I make money without using my own money…. Infinite return: $16,650 x 60 months = $1 million You must average $16,650/month. You can easily do +1M profit in 5 years investing in real estate, flipping houses. You have 5 years to become an expert! Start small, stay focused, get huge in 5 years. You need education: the more education and experience you have, the less risk.You need financial partners: Yes, you may start with zero money.You need discipline: This business is all about the numbers. If you go by your gut feelings you will lose big. You make your money on t

When I first started my business five years ago, I was in debt, living on my brother’s couch, and unable to afford even a $15 cover charge at a local club. Today, my business generates more than $1.25 million a year. So to answer your question, “Can you realistically make $1 MM in 5 years?” Absolutely. However, how you go about pursuing this goal will determine whether or not you’re successful. With this in mind, I’ve drafted up a simple 5-year game plan to help you reach $1 MM in no time flat. Enjoy.  Year 1: Education and Mastery During your first year, you are going to be focused on one thing and on 

My step by step plan how to make 1M+ in five years. 99% will not follow it, that's why 99% will not see their million. The idea is simple; your online business has to generate $20k-25k per month, in order to sell it for $1M+ (I'm taking 3x yearly revenue, some blog are evaluated based on 10x multiplicator). I suggest you create your online brand. Create a Blog+YouTube channel+Podcast on a specific topic. Good blogs ideas will be personal finance, making money online, freelancing, etc. Here what you should do. Install wordpress blog. There are tons of free lessons on Youtube on how to do that. Regis

I believe a dollop of willpower, a case of confidence and a pinch of risk will be enough to get you started on your $1M adventure.  So, let’s dive in. Personally, I have making a pretty great living from the Amazon FBA business model over the last 18-months. Amazon FBA who!? Hold up. Amazon FBA / Fulfilment By Amazon First things first, we search for a supplier that we would like to manufacture our product with our own branded labels on it, more often than not, the supplier you will be working with will be in China. Once the sample process is all complete and we confirm the mass order (MOQ - Minimum  

On November 16, 2015, I made it. It took me exactly five years, three months, and six days to go from $2.26 in my bank account to $1.25 million and financial independence at the age of 30. On that day, I’ve never taken a deeper breath. I had the freedom to create, connect, and grow. To me, the purpose of life is to feel alive. It was one of the hardest things I’ve ever done, but it was a lot easier for me to do than it would have been 20, 30, 50, or 100 years ago. Almost all of the money I’ve made came from industries that didn’t even exist 20 years ago. 100% of the investments I’ve made through 

My huge tip to you would be this. Focus on your spending habits and not your income. Look at these people below: Person 1: Mike Tyson. Made $500M. Broke.  Person 2: Michael Jackson. Made $500M or more. Close to broke numerous times.  Person 3: Sylvia Bloom. A secretary in NYC who died with $6M recently.  There is little connection between income and wealth apart from that fact it is difficult to achieve wealth if you have no job, a tiny income and/or no inheritance Why the wealthy spend less on luxury: the 70/30 rule in finance In terms of ways to increase your income, here are some. Some are obvious an 

1.5% of the US population earns (gross), $200k… Which would permit someone to make $1 million dollars in 5 years… So base on these statistics I’d say it’s not that realistic. Is it possible though? Sure! That’s one of the things that makes America great. Let’s break that figure down a bit. To make $200k/year… You’d have to make at least $3,846/week… Which is $769/day (assuming a 5 day work week)… And $96/hour (Assuming an 8 hour work day). Attaining that level of hourly income doesn’t happen overnight. Someone, typically, makes that kind of money by mastering some sort of trade or acquiring an  

So, I’ve read all the answers here, and a few of them are realistic. My son, my wife and I started a company 6 months ago to buy real estate. We put together $100,000 between the two of us, borrowing against real estate we had bought previously. We bought a huge very run down house for $65,000, and hired contractors to fix it up. We did not hire the expensive contractors with the shiny trucks. We hired the contractors with bad teeth, who need more supervision. If you don’t have supervisory experience, don’t try this. We also both have full time jobs. Also we have to jump thru all of the legal per 

I know a few people who did just that. They all followed similar path. The all bought rental real estate (houses and/or apartments). How? In 2009–2010 it was possible to buy a fixer-upper house for much less than the after repair value of the same house. E.g. if a house in good condition was worth $120K, but it was falling apart it could be bought for $60K and fixed for another $30K. Do you need $90K for that? Yes, but you may get it from a hard money lender based on 75% of the after repair value of $120K. The loan would be for $90K + fees and closing costs (say, $10K in total). Then buy, repair 

Simple. Build a productSell it for 500$Sell 2000 units of your productTo do this, you must sell an average of 1.1 product per day. But I’m sure that you’ll be happy even if you sell less than this amount. Does it sounds too hard? If yes, go away. Let’s break down the 5 years.  The first year must be dedicated to grow your audience, the people who will buy your product at its launch. Without a critical mass you won’t sell any unit from the launch which is quite sad. You should also begin to build your product based on what your audience want and need. The second year will be the launching. You will wo 

How did Joe Biden get rich since his entire career was in politics?
So rich = ~$9,000,000.00 current net worth according to Forbes as of 2018. How Joe Biden Went from Middle-Class Joe to a Millionaire From 23–27 he worked as an attorney after graduating college. At 27 he was elected to New Castle County Council At 29 (1972) he was elected as a Republican Senator in an upset election, and subsequently re-elected for the next few decades. Joe Biden The pay for senators in 1972 was $42,500. Adjusted for inflation of 522.7%, that is a modern day value of $264,638.76 US Inflation Calculator Senate Salaries since 1789 That’s right. By age 29, the Gov was paying him the modern 

Republicans have asked this question every election cycle here on Quora 2008: How did Barack Obama get so rich working for the Government? 2012: How did Barack Obama get so rich working for the Government? 2016: How did Hillary Clinton get so rich working for the Government? 2020: How did Joe Biden get so rich working for the Government? Republicans ask this question to cast aspersions and doubts of corruption as to why people in public service “are supposedly rich”, like if being rich or having saved money is a crime. They never question or want to disclose the sources of their own legal and illega 

I can’t believe we’re even talking about this in view of Trump’s financial doings, lol. Biden is worth about nine million. 4 million of his worth is in real estate. The rest, he made from speaking engagements, other appearances and books. That’s not actually unusual. Then Biden’s wife works, in her profession I would think her salary is quite a bit less than Joe’s. Biden’s seed money for real estate probably started largely from one property he bought in the 1970s and sold in 1988, after working on it for 16 years. He borrowed against life insurance and a mortgage, and bought a derelict property fo 

Because he stuck with it for years. You know the kind of salary our representatives get right? It is admittedly a ridiculous amount. Anyone would be rich on our nation’s representative salary after several decades. It wasn’t through schemes. They just investigated Biden twice and he’s clean, so no reason to further speculate along those lines. Biden got ahead the same way I went from my upper working class upbringing to safely in the middle class. I worked for it, and I hung with it. I started from where my dad had placed me in life, and I went higher. Biden will tell you that’s what he did if you 

Joe's employer is China. How did Joe Biden become a millionaire? 720 views · View upvotes2281Sponsored by ATP Personal Training SingaporeHollywood actor Byron Mann is in the best shape of his career.Actor Byron looks better than most people do at 20! Click 'Read More' to learn how he did it.Read MoreDavid Edfeldt, Retired.  Working free for positive social change at Self-Employment (2014-present)Answered 1 year ago

Since he has been releasing his tax returns annually you could have figured this out for yourself! Working class Joe has worked his entire live, lived at home and commuted to Washington his entire career, lived fairly simply, and saved. And once he left office he has been able to command high speaking fees and got a 7 digit book deal. You put that combination together and you can accumulate quite a bit of wealth. I know that’s what I did, lived reasonably, saved along the way and had a short burst at the end of my career where I earned $200k a year while still living like I earned $65k. I didn 

He got is son Hunter big fat paychecks from the Chinese and the Ukrainians. Then Hunter laundered the money and it got into Biden’s campaign war chest. Biden then paid his campaign advisors, his wife, big money out of his campaign war chest. That money bought him big houses and a big bank account. Ask Ilhan Omar and Bernie Sanders how it is done. 101 views · View upvotes42Nick Malik, Citizen, Voter, Patriot, Internationalist, AmericanAnswered October 23, 2020 · Author has 9.4K answers and 13.5M answer viewsOriginally Answered: How did Biden get so rich working for the government?

He didn’t. He made money after leaving government. Turns out lots of people wanted to hear him speak. And wanted to read his book. Fact check: Tax returns show Biden amassed wealth since 2017 through speeches and books 408 views · View upvotes15Scott Harris, former Physician (1984-2018)Answered January 25, 2021 · Author has 1.8K answers and 160.4K answer viewsOriginally Answered: How did Joe Biden earn his money?

He sure as hell didn’t earn it through hard work or innovation. He earned it the way most oily politicians earn money after leaving office: book deals, speaking fees, or film contracts. They never create a single job or build anything of benefit to anyone. Anyone else ever notice this? Look at the grotesque sums of money in the Clinton family coffers. For what? Books and speeches at $400,000 - $650,000 an hour. Barack and Michelle - same thing, a Netflix deal worth $50 million, so they can afford a luxurious mansion in DC and an $8 million seaside mansion on Martha’s Vineyard (obviously they a 

Most of it comes directly from taxpayers, through his normal salary, plus the bribery deals he arranged with foreign governments through his family members. (Not just his son, his brother too) Of course that money also ultimately came from American taxpayers too, since they're just stealing a percentage of the foreign aid they're working out. We shouldn't forget about the lobbyist donations he gets as well which I'm sure are substantial. 190 views · View upvotes6Bruce Burnett, Former MBA, IT ManagerAnswered January 24, 2021 · Author has 1.7K answers and 1.1M answer viewsOriginally Answered: How did Joe Biden earn his money?

How could I make a million before 30 years old?
I became a millionaire when I was 40, but it’s not so difficult to get there by 35. Leverage is key. Leverage is basically the difference between values of the same thing, in two different positions. (Location, time, etc.) Think about a waterfall where there is a height difference. So, water naturally flows from one level to another:  Same applies to business. Money flows naturally to where it has more leverage. As a 22 year old, you have all the time in the world. But you can’t simply exchange your time, your biggest asset at a low price point. That’s a poor person’s mindset. You can leverage the  

Well, the traditional answer to questions like this is to say “save every penny you earn, don’t drink or have a girlfriend or go to the movies, put all your money into a Roth IRA/index fund and let compound interest do the work”. That’s not gonna be my answer. The first obvious step to becoming worth more money is to earn more money, and I’d rather earn $100,000 and save 20% than earn $50,000 and save 40%. Now, the best way to make more money obviously depends on you as a person, but I’ll present a few hypotheticals. If you’re 22, maybe you’ve just graduated college (if not, I’ll address that in 

Calculate how much you have nowFrom that calculate how much you need by age 35Work out how to get there, with a step by step plan.Let’s say you have $0 now. You need to get to $1M by age 35. You have 13 years to get to $1M. Scenario 1 You are making 30k after tax. You live with your parents.In this situation, you could save and invest 15,000 from your salary for now, but it isn’t sustainable in the long-term. So I would: Save and invest the 15k yearly into low-cost fundsFocus on negotiation. Even getting small pay rises every year could make a huge difference - How small pay rises can lead to rich

I am going to teach you a sure-fire path to having $1,000,000 in the bank before you turn 35. A millionaire has a $1,000,000 net worth. At a standard 6% rate of return, you are going to need to save $50,000 a year, every single year. Assuming you want have a family and not live ridiculously cheap, you need to make a decent income. Ideally, at least $100,000 after-tax, or $135,000 before tax. But then, if you spend it all, you’ll never become a millionaire. But even if you saved well, you wouldn’t become a millionaire without being smart about your investments. So you need to 1) make a lot of money,  

There are a million ways to make a million dollars. You’re asking the wrong question. Anyone could simply say “Build the next Google” or something equally as unhelpful. But that’s what you get for asking the wrong question. What you’re really asking is how to put yourself in a position to even have a shot at making millions by 35. You’ll get much better answers; however, you may have to extend your deadline. It all depends on where you’re at financially. 1. Check your Attitude Your attitude towards money will ultimately determine whether you can accumulate millions or not. Without the right attit 

Copy what millionaires do. I’ve studied over 40 millionaires and finally found out their secret to wealth. It took me a long time to piece together the puzzle, but I’ve finally figured it out. Here’s the golden question: What do Elon Musk, Warren Buffet, Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, Mark Cuban, and Tonny Robbins have in common? Besides the mulah...they all read. Yep - reading. Don’t believe me? Let one of the most successful and admired entrepreneurs tell you...  Elon Musk. Musk built four multibillion-dollar companies by his mid-40s -- in four separate fields (energy, software, transportation and aero 

I was asked to change my comment to an answer … not sure if I am doing this correctly. Sorry to those who have already read this … So this advice, if followed meticulously *may* help you earn your million. So what kind of person will you be by the time you are 35? Probably very lonely because you have blown away anyone who isn’t money hungry like you (mind you - if they have read this list, then they may have blown YOU away as not being dedicated).No family, No one to share the good times with (but by then you have no idea what a good time is that isn’t work or sleeping).No enjoyment. What good i

More Thoughts On How To Become A Millionaire By 30  I strongly believe most people reading this article can accumulate a million dollars if they have the motivation, a good amount of planning, the right amount of guidance, and some luck. I I’m sure some of you will have your own doubts, while others will scoff at how little $1 million is. But here are my suggestions for those who want to become a millionaire by 30 or at a relatively young age. Don’t mess around in high school and college or else you will have a hard time landing a good job that pays well. Give yourself optionality please. There are 

That sounds like a sensible ambition. Unlike many who want to be an overnight success and millionaire, you are ready to invest time. Irrespective of where in the world you are, I don't think working for someone is going to make a millionaire. So, you have to soon figure out a way to move on from trading your time for money. According to me you have to move through three stages and pretty quickly. Trading your time for another company. I assume this is what you do today. So, while you are doing so, learn everything else around you as well. Say you are a developer, learn business, people management

Short Answer: Follow these rules Start a business - if you are short on funds, start an online business, using a hosted ecommerce solution like Shopify (product) , where all the technical aspects are taken care of, you only have to focus on selling. Learn to sell, this will follow you for the rest of your life. Choose a product you think will work, or you are passionate about and can realistically sell. In today’s economy, you can become a millionaire at 27 even. 5 Years is more then enough if you create a plan and stick to it no matter what, keep building, adapting and evolving your business a 

Which habit of self-made millionaires are often overlooked by most people?
What skills can make you ultra wealthy?
The skills to become ultra-wealthy (for most people $30m+) are often very different to $1m-$3m. Look at it this way. Good money management skills + a normal job is enough to get to $1m-$3m in many cases. If you get a normal 50k-60k job in the US, UK, Japan and countless other places, invest well for decades, you can become an “everyday millionaire”. To get to 10x that amount, usually you need to use one of these things; Leverage - it can make or break people, but using leverage or debt to build up a business can really help. Also leveraging other people’s time from recruitment and increasingly aff

 1. Focus on and be known for one thing - Take a look at billionaires and you will notice that they are focussed on their dealings. They don’t try to do many things at once; they focus on one.  Bill Gates and Larry Ellison focused on software. Aliko Dangote, the richest black man in the world focused on commodities. Ray Kroc, Dave Thomas, and Carl Linder focused on fast foods. 2. Dare to risk public Criticism - Have you ever seen a billionaire that hasn’t been criticized? Bill Gates, John D. Rockefeller, Steve Jobs, Mark Zuckerberg, J. Paul Getty, and other billionaires have been heavily criticized. 

Here are right skills that can help you to become more successful and wealthy. 1. Become known for one thing. Many a creative person will tell you they have many talents, which can be both a blessing and a curse. Excelling at various things can make your head spin as you aim to fit them all into your weekly schedule. Those who are exceptionally successful will tell you this is the number one key to becoming successful. Focus on and be known for one thing -- when you are the expert in one subject and are living and breathing what you do in addition to obtaining exceptional results, clients will tr 

The answer is very simple. Don't run after money(It's the most important skill you will need. Everything else comes after this).Don't think about it at all. Let me tell you a story about a little boy who started investing at the tender age of 11 years. He started it after taking a small loan from his father. He knew he loved it. He made mistakes but learnt from them. He never gave up and little by little, he grew bigger. Big enough to be one of the richest person on the planet. He is Warren Buffet. In another one, a young lad dropped from Harvard to pursue his passion. He could have a secured fu 

1. Calculations: You have to master calculations if you want to master your money Calculations Let's say you want to make one crore rupees in a year well there's two hundred and fifty working days or forty thousand a day which is one crore rupees in a year or nine lakhs in a month. Now if I had known those calculations then I probably would have reached a million dollar mark a lot sooner the calculator can become your best friend, but you have to learn how to use it every single day whether you use it on your phone or you use it on your desk. Make sure you punch your numbers in so you realize w 

 Sharing the wealth - When you make money, a lot of people make money. Can you imagine how attractive this skill is to others?Be aggressively patient - Work your ass off and be patient.Persuasion - The art of confidently asking for what you want. Most of the world's wealthiest people started out in sales.Recruiting - Hire the best employees and surround yourself with great mentors. Being able to attract amazing people into your life will have a direct impact on the wealth you build.Leverage - Learn to delegate, use more capable people and focus on your strengths, build a team. Use crowdsourcing

Can anyone guarantee you wealth? Except for those fraud calls, I bet no one will.There are no shortcuts to be wealthy but there are few practical skills and habits to develop which will lead to the path of financial freedom. Yes, Financial freedom. To me, being wealthy and having financial freedom means the same. Here's how you can be both : 1. Take control of your finances from the first paycheque -If you can't manage a four-figure income, you'll not be able to manage a larger sum either. That's a fact. Taking charge of your money from the very start is a good way to begin. If you're doing it,  

T H E T H R E E R U L E S O F W E A L T H D E V E L O P M E N TOpportunity - Start - Learn Great answers and many of them are very spot on from one perspective. I had the luck to know most of the tech giants personally and they are all different. Yes, most of the characteristics (you call it skills) are similar. After all I have to say:  ————- THERE ARE NO “SKILLS” TO GET ULTRA WEALTHY ————- SKILLS are ways to repeatedly do things very well. Wealthy people don’t work that way. They break rules, write their own rules which others will follow. They do THEIR THING. Wealth is not something you should 

Conversation, networking, negotiations, salesmanship, being able to see opportunities just a little differently than others, and tenacity, are the skills that come to mind that have been the most useful in creating any wealth for me. I would guess the skills would be the same basic ones for someone that is ultra-wealthy as well. Conversation leads to networking. Networking leads to negotiating. Negotiations lead to sales. Don’t take a negative response as a final response, if you are trying to achieve something that you want. It’s just “no” until you can view the situation differently, negotiate, a 

Our science is simply the science of getting rich. And the art of making yourself rich, in the ordinary mercantile economist's sense, is therefore equally and necessarily the art of keeping your neighbor poor. In order that he may be able to have servants, some one in his neighborhood must be poor. What is really desired, under the name of riches, is, essentially, power over men; in its simplest sense, the power of obtaining for our own advantage the labor of servant, tradesman, and artist; in wider sense, authority of directing large masses of the nation to various ends (good, trivial, or hurt 

How did you make your first million dollars?
I saved my first million by 29 the old fashioned way: working hard, spending intelligently, and saving (but not scrimping - have lived well, enjoyed life, visited 40+ countries, etc.). Perhaps not as exciting as selling a startup, or some top-secret formula, but it is a formula which definitely worked for me, and I hope that sharing this will help someone out there realize that it's very achievable. My path:1) Went to the best college I could (top 10 school) - Made the most of my experience there, learned as much as I could about various subjects, double-majored because I couldn't decide betwe 

(1) I was a good student and worked hard, especially at math and science. I was born lucky -- good brain, parents who valued education, precious little athletic talent to distract me, ha ha. (2) Went to a decent, low-cost college (U of Maryland, as a state resident -- I didn't get into MIT, which actually saved me a ton of money in retrospect) and picked the highest-paying four-year degree that fit my skills (electrical engineering), graduating in 1992 with about $9000 in debt ($15k in 2015 dollars). Actually picked electrical over aerospace after my freshman year based completely on whether or 

I wish there was a program like BHCP that would help me make a million-dollar without having to work as hard as i did but unfortunately there wasn't. New set of millionaires will emerge from the Bitcoin halving Counter-balancing Program by December (depending on investment input). My father used to say “There are 24 hours in a day and they are all billable.” He was right. Today the focus is more on “passive income” and “multiple revenue streams” both of which are good ideas, but my father was from a generation, and a mindset where working hard was what it took to be rich. When I started my firs 

I started working when I was 15, supermarket in the evening and weekend and news papers in the morning. This could get me well around a 1000,- a month, which was not bad for a 15 year old who would go to high school full time. Not much later, same year, I started investing in stocks through my fathers account. This went well and he would buy me stuff if I wanted. It wasn't the money I was interested in, it was to show my dad I actually understood how trading worked. Not much later, he opened an account for me, under his name, to continue trading for myself. I had one good friend who introduced m 

tl;dr: met a genius trader, got introduced to secret team; worked very hard; made ~$1.8 million in 3 years; partied hard; lived the good life; now settling down. This will be a long answer. Sorry about that. To maintain anonymity ill mention only initials. Except confidential info, I'll be glad to answer any comments if this answer gets some traction.  Anonymous's answer is just great. My story is not that exhilarating but certainly worth mentioning.  I am a 28 year old American woman based in Bangalore, India for the last 5 years. I came here when I was 23 and was working as the program manager  

The same way pretty much everyone else does: I was lucky. My luck started long before I was conceived. You see, I had the right grandparents. These were born over 50 years before me, but nevertheless I’m pretty well off primarily because of who they were. All my grandparents are Norwegian, healthy, middle-class, good parents and well-educated by the standards of their time. I get no credit at all for that, it’s simply luck. And yet, this simple accident has had a greater influence on my income than all my own efforts combined. I could, like most of the other answers here tell you about all the thing 

I saved it, aided by two graduate degrees (tuition for both paid by my employers) and my upper-middle-class parents (who financed my undergrad education, saving me from student loans, just as their parents had done for them, just as I am doing for my own children). I landed a modest computer-technology job at age 22, jumped to a higher-paying job at age 24, a still-higher-paying dot-com gig at age 25, a fourth (with steady promotions) at age 27, a fifth at age 36, and so on. My salary rose 8.5% or 9.5% per year in those early times, tripling from age 22 to 32, and breaking six figures by age 29 

This isn't my story but I have to share it. My favorite uncle's mom had this game she liked to play with her children when they were fairly young. She would ask them random basic arithmetic questions. For example, what is 5 plus 2?  And then she would hit them on the head with a stick if they got the answer wrong. So for this question, my uncle, on average, would get hit on the head something like four to six times or until the stick broke (note that my grandmother would hit him harder as her anger level increased). He was basically guessing because he didn't understand arithmetic. This didn't sto 

Through the help of curiosity (and naivety). When I started my very first business — I didn’t know it at the time, but — every time I asked myself, “I wonder what would happen if I did X as well,” I was actually leveling up. I didn’t consciously think about running a business, but I did become obsessed with providing good service, while doing things that weren’t being done by the industry titans. The end result was millions in revenue, and an increased personal net-worth. Since this particular question is about how I personally (not my business) made my first million, here’s the short version of  

This is my first ever response to a question :) I am a male 32 year old, and hit the 1m net worth mark just as I turned 30.  It was a big goal of mine at the time. I grew up on a farm where there wasn't a lot of money around - I remember as a kid worrying about my parent's finances - we went through a lot of droughts, poor grain prices or sometimes both at once.  There was a lot of debt, and looking back it seems a little like gambling with the high costs of putting in crop, spraying with chemicals and then hoping for the right weather and global grain prices.  I think this really drove me to wa 

Why do people judge low income families for wanting more children?
One person used to be able to work 40 hours a week and support a whole family. Now two incomes barely make ends meet. Why is that, and what needs to change?
This is not going to be a popular answer, partly because there have been some legitimate economic and socioeconomic shifts that impact households. (For example, rising education and healthcare costs, wage stagnation, etc.). But when people talk about wages and the price of common items like cars or houses , they often don’t have a good sense of what income people made at that time or what the average day on the life was like. For example, if you are comparing the cost of living in the 1950′s, you have to keep in mind that minimum wage was $1/hr and a well paid professional may make $3 an hour. T 

This really is a VERY simple answer. It is the excessive greed of the billionaire class, plain and simple. Consider Jeff Bezos. He’s worth something in the neighborhood of $200,000,000,000 yet pays his warehouse workers, you know, the ones who are making him richer every day, $15 per hour and pretends as if he is doing something worthwhile. Or take the owner of Omni Hotels, a fellow billionaire, who pays his housekeepers $12 or so per hour. All so he can stuff a few more dollars in his already bloated pockets. And I can go on and on about the vile greed of the uber wealthy. The Waltons, another  

Yes, it used to be that one person could support a whole family by working 40 hours a week. Now there are some families who barely make ends meet with two incomes. But most people would find it difficult to go back in time and live the way people did in the forties, fifties, and sixties. People were extremely frugal. My aunt and uncle would feed a family of five with one small chicken. My mom’s food budget was $50 a week for many years. Many times she had enough left over to put aside. She saved a little each week and then gave my dad $100 for his birthday. When I got my first “job” at 11 (wal 

I’ve always supported my family with just me working, and I’m self employed. My father done the same and owns his house and land outright, and retired and had two nice RV motor homes. It’s because we lived within our means, and accepted somethings like not having the latest greatest gadgets, and making stuff ourselves. But trust me, I see the problem all too well with all my siblings, and many neighbors. Truth is they do the math later, if ever. Spend, never budget, never look, just use credit or loans and then complain. Most people don’t even know what their daily budget is to pay their living co 

A lot of it depends on which city and country you live in. Someone living in London England will not have as much spare cash after paying rent as someone in Aberdeen, Scotland, for example. As for requiring both parents to work to pay for a family and a house, health care is generally better. More people survive into their 70s and 80s. This should mean more people have help from grandparents who often own their houses and carry on working or helping with childcare of grandchildren. I was raised by a single mother in the 80s. We were poor but could afford a dishwasher, microwave and VCR. By those 

There are primarily five reasons why we need about 80 hours of paid work today compared to 40 in the mid 60s: Household taxes and deductions are more than twice as high today in inflation adjusted dollars (in Canada at least)- 33% of one income has increased to about 43% of 2 incomesHouse prices have more than doubled in inflation-adjusted dollars in many citiesReal wages per hour (i.e., inflation-adjusted) have not increased much and have even declined in some sectors (likely because the labor force has expanded considerably due to globalization &amp; the fact that both men and women work now)We a

Sorry, but I know plenty of families that get by on a single income. Many that do so have a good combination of: A single income that derives from a job that commands a higher than average salaryA willingness to not spend on some things that they’d otherwise spend on if they didn’t have kids (or had a second income)Just as ‘before’, there are families that struggle on two incomes. That is either the result of the incomes not generating enough combined money or, costs are much higher than average. Sad to say, I think too many people relied on plentiful, high paying jobs being available even when  

The secrets you are looking for are (1) home production and (2) selective perception. (1) back in the good old days when grandpa was the breadwinner - grandma did not spend her days chatting with friends on instagram or making motivational videos for youtube. Putting aside the minor detail that neither instagram nor youtube existed back then - grandma worked as hard as grandpa, often harder. And the children worked, too. Their summers were not spent travelling around the world - they were helping with the harvest, taking care of younger siblings, helping with home construction … As for grandma, 

The graph below shows the average hourly earnings of non-supervisory production workers, adjusted for inflation since 1964. You can see that there was a 20% drop from the mid-70s to the mid-90s in what one average worker could buy. But since then there’s been a steady increase, and today the average worker can buy more than any time in history. So it’s not true that one worker has more trouble supporting a family today than at any time in the past.  Admittedly, there’s a lot of stuff this graph leaves out. The representative basket of purchases in 1975 was different than the basket in 2020. Gove 

It’s because of a conspiracy, a conspiracy that is all out in the open and celebrated by its beneficiaries and generally regarded as the best of all possible worlds. It’s called Market Economics or Capitalism. When I was young, I craved a home of my own — a rainproof box with ground space around it that belonged to me. I built a camper shell on an old pickup truck as a temporary stopgap. My space. Every time I saw the smallest and meanest of old farm houses standing empty I thought “That’s the place for me!” And every time, that beautiful old place was bulldozed and luxury apartments were put up 

What thoughts do you have about President Trump boasting he has pushed low-income housing out of the suburbs?
How is the black American vote distributed by income?
How did Asian women and men earn more income than their White, Black, and Hispanic counterparts when everybody works hard respectively for their money?
Why are INTPs some of the lowest income earners, but the most over-represented of the types in the gifted population?
How can I start an online income shortly?
How much do you have to earn in order to be considered "wealthy" in your country?
Why do people judge low income families for wanting more children?
They do not judge low-income families for wanting more children if they are willing and able to provide for them. They are unhappy when low-income families have more children when they cannot afford to care for the ones that they already have. I am from the United Kingdom, and here we have a slightly more generous welfare state than other parts of the world. Prior to 2017, you could claim child benefits, child tax credits, as well as get reductions on council tax and housing benefits. This was worked out per child, and the more children you had often the more money that you were able to claim.  

I can’t speak for others but I can talk about my country, Serbia, and why I judge those people here. I will not talk about the omnipresent Gypsies, who do not even try to find work and just beg and force their small kids to beg on the streets as well. I judge other people because those kids will not have the basic things every kid should have. They will live miserable, hungry lives. It’s not my business, but I will never understand such people. But I won’t even talk about them, either. I will share with you an example of stupidity of such magnitude I can’t even pity those people. Many years ago, I 

Why do people judge low income families for wanting more children? Because they’re dumb. Err… the judgementalists, not the low-income families. FIRST REASON: Being alive is better than the alternative. So you have a baby you can’t afford, and that’s bad right? Well, no. Not when the alternative is not having a baby. A kid who lives in poverty is still happier than a kid who doesn’t live at all. Even the poorest child is happy to be alive. You can tell by the way they don’t throw themselves off a bridge. So telling the poor not to have kids is stupid. Not because it won’t work, not because it’s imm 

PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE READ IF YOU JUDGE THESE FAMILIES! OK, this is the account I use at work and I have never answered any questions here, but the things I’ve read. Jesus. You all need to think about it a little more. Oh, before I start, I must say I haven’t read all the answers, but the first ones got me so nervous that I just skipped to writing my own. Well, I believe all of those here that judge low income people for having more children obviously are worried about said families’ kids and have good intentions. But what they don’t consider is: Just an addendum before we start: PLEASE don’t say  

A lot of people have answered that wanting more children with low income is irresponsible. However, this neglects a very basic reality of the world: people do not have equal opportunity. And generally opportunity favours the wealthy. In country after country, whether rich or poor - and indeed the trend is the same dealing with average differences between fertility rates in different countries depending upon the nation’s GDP per capita - the lower a family’s income is, the more children they have. And the reason is equally starkly simple: more children is a way of hedging your bets economically  

There's a family living in our house. I'm close with them. They feel like family. This family consists of a husband, a wife, their kid, wife's little sister and wife's little brothers. All of them earn. Husband earns Rs. 1,000 per day - making upto Rs. 30,000 per month. Wife earns around Rs. 10,000 per month. Wife's little sister earns around Rs. 8,000 per month. And wife's (two) little brothers earn around Rs. 15,000 monthly each. (They don't have the system of "my" money. If anyone has it, they use that - whatever the occassion may be.) They pay Rs. 9,000 for rent. The daughter's fees is around Rs. 2, 

It’s irresponsible. One of my high school friend’s sisters, who is in her mid 20s, recently had a baby. We’re Facebook friends, and she posts a lot every day. That’s how I know so much about her, like the fact that she’s broke and the baby’s unemployed father was out of the picture almost as soon as he got her pregnant, but the baby was not an accident. She’d been posting about wanting a baby for a while, even though she wasn’t in a stable relationship and only worked part-time as a cashier. It’s not my place to judge her for any of that. But what I do judge her for is how quick she was to post a 

A friend came from a family of 7 siblings. Out of 7, only her and one of her brothers are considered successful. The rest go in and out of life like it's not theirs. They're just here counting down the days. Her parents were poor while growing up. Dad worked as security guard and mom was disabled. My friend basically raised her two younger siblings. Her two sisters both got married at a very young age (one at 19 and the other at 22) because they were looking for an escape from the poverty they'd been living with all their lives. Sad thing is, they're married to guys who don't really care for them 

In my experience low income families are judged negatively for wanting or having more kids for a few key reasons: Some judge because they think they and people like them are better than poor people and families. They think they and people like them are smarter, more responsible, and more capable of raising children. Therefore poor people are less deserving of having children or having reproductive choice.Some judge because they think that these families are somehow impacting them by taking money or resources away from them. Their tax money is going to support these poor people therefore they ha

It’s simple. It is unfair and irresponsible. As a person who can have children, you’re allowed to do what you want with your body. However, if you make a conscious decision, with access to free contraceptives or abortions, and you bring a child into the world you can’t take care of: why is it other’s responsibility? Why does the child have to suffer? Some may say that people may be against abortion, which is fair and you have a choice. But most people use contraception without issue. If you’re actively trying to have children when you can’t afford to give them food and keep them warm and safe….I 

Is 5 million USD enough to retire for your 30s?
Only if you keep it invested and reinvest most of the return. If you basically just wanted a low risk return and planned to live off of that without ever touching the principal, you could end up with a post-tax income of around $250k or so. That sounds good and would be fine for a while, but in 50–70 years $250k a year is going to be below the poverty line. Consider my grandfather, who made about $2,500 per year working as a teacher in Boston in the 1940’s. That was only slightly below the average salary of $2,900 per year in that era. Notice those are annual figures, not monthly. Around 1945 or s 

5 Millions sounds like a lot, but it is not. It depends on a lot of factors, but one of the toughest to overcome is inflation and taxes. The fed purposely shoots for 2% inflation so they can interest raise rates during good times in order to lower them during bad times. But this has the effect of destroying people’s savings over time. Sometimes I wonder if this is a planned economics to not allow people to retire early. I mean if you are a saver, you live super cheap, save like crazy and then retire early, ah but you cannot because of inflation. Inflation &amp; Taxes are retirement KILLERS!!!!!! W 

I think that’s enough to retire at any age. However, I understand there are folks who disagree and have said that is not enough. I don’t understand why that would be the case at all since most people even if they work until their 60s are not going to be able to save 5M for retirement. You should be able to get around 150k inflation adjusted in dividends from a 5M portfolio. Most dividend stocks are increasing dividends at a faster pace than inflation so this should be indefinite. Yes there will be recessions and dividends will be cut. You just need to be able to save some of your 150k during tho 

There are strategies that should allow you to spend about $150,000 a year (3% of the 5 million), increasing it in line with inflation and also see your capital also grow in line with inflation though not on a straight line. I say should. You have to realize is that when you ask a question like that, nothing is for sure. Pretend that you and your brother both were given $100,000 in January 1929. Let’s say you are very cautious by nature and put everything into US Treasury bonds paying about 3% back then. $3,000 was not a bad income back then. Your brother is more adventurous than you and puts eve 

It should be, but it will not be a fancy retirement. If you have $5,000,000 in investments and can pull out $100,000 each year (which is only 2%) and live off that you will likely not die broke. Now, the “Trinity Study” came out in 1998 and recommended that retires (at normal retirement age) could safely live off 4% over a 30 year period. If you retire at 30 you’ll be having to live off the money for almost twice that long, so it would not likely work to take down the same 4%. Trinity study - Wikipedia You also need to understand two other things: Social Security is factored using your best 35 yea

Depends on how heavily you want to spend. Let’s say you take $5,000,000 and put 25% of it into an S&amp;P 500 index fund, the other 75% in high-quality bonds. The bonds will yield (at the moment) around 3.5%-4%, so that’s around $131,250/year. Meanwhile the stocks will yield about $100,000 /year. That’s a total of $231,250/year. Most people can live pretty damn well on that. BUT, if you live off the whole $231,250, you won’t be reinvesting anything. Inflation will make that $231,250 worth less and less. Eventually it’ll be the equivalent of $23,125/year, which would be pretty damned uncomfortable. Don 

“Is 5 million USD enough to retire for your 30s?” There is no good way to answer this question. The most crucial bit of information we need is your anticipated retirement budget. The second most crucial bit is what kind of investor you are, and what returns you feel you can routinely and reproducibly earn. I did a rough future value calculation, using risk-free returns running a point below the inflation rate, estimating a 60 year interval. (For this exercise I used the current 2% yield on Treasuries and the 3% Fed goal on inflation.) I am not factoring in Social Security, because by age 29 you ma 

It depends on how you choose to live your life, where, and how long you will live. Let’s assume you are living in the United States. Let’s further assume you live somewhere in the middle part of the country, where housing is not obscenely expensive. Let’s also assume that you get married and have children. For each child you will need at least $500,000 to raise him/her up to graduation from high school, and another $250,000 per child for college. Suppose you have three kids. For child rearing and college education you’ll need $2.25 million. You and your spouse will need a decent home in which to 

“Is 5 million USD enough to retire for your 30s?” Ron Rule’s answer is very good. There is an old, cynical rule of investing: low-risk investments pay 0% after taxes, fees, and inflation. So, let’s go with that. If you put all of your money into TIPS bonds (US Treasury bonds that are indexed to inflation), you should lock in that 0%. Now you just have to divide $5,000,000 by how many years you expect to live, and that is how much inflation-adjusted purchasing power you will have to spend every year, ending with nothing. The way medicine is going, you should expect to live to 100. So that is $5,000 

Is 5 million USD enough to retire for your 30s? What I’m hearing, “Is $5 million enough to do what I want with my life?” Retire in your 20s, 30s, 50s, 60s, whatever… all that means is you are finally doing what you want with your life. Is $5 million enough to do that? In my opinion, there is no amount of money that tells us we can actually live, be happy, and enjoy our lives. If you have the right state of mind, you could be living in van, with $20 to your name, and be happy. The way we live and work must change. There’s a reason that people have so many stress and anxiety related diseases. We all 

How much do YouTubers make when each of their videos gets 50k, 100k, 500k, 1m, and 1.5m views? What about even more than that?
Most newbies confuse between views and revenue generated . Most common misconceptions include YouTube pays per views or subscribers , neither of which is true. In order to generate revenue first you need to fulfill a specific criteria of at least 4,000 watch hours in the previous 12 months and 1,000 subscribers . To know in detail about it refer to this answer : Debangshu Sett (देबांगशू शेठ)'s answer to What should I do when a YouTube channel has 1,000 subscribers and 4,000 hours of watch time? Now if you have not fulfilled the above criteria , you wont earn a single penny , even if you have 1 Mil 

I am a youtuber, In simple terms I'll do my best to explain how much youtubers are paid and how much a youtuber would make roughly in a month. It's basically like having adverts on your site or a site, the only difference is that the adverts are videos and not just text, pictures or gifs (repeating short video). There are so many factors that influence how much a channel could get paid, some of them are: Location, video length, Niche etc Let's dive in, Now: *Youtube pays you only when your videos have been approved and monetized. then, *two measurements or parameters are used to determine your pay by  

You know, the payment of Youtube is not public then we just can calculated the payment for views by estimation. The payment of youtube for views depends on many factors such as country which you are active your channel, the product which you are selling, the time which viewers click on your video…  Each country will be charged differently about cost per click or cost per million. With some developed countries such as US, Singapore, Japan, … the CPM was charged more than developing countries. Average, 1000 views will be paid from 1 - 5$ in U.S. It is reason why people always want to translated in

First I want to start off by saying I’m going against your wishes by stating “It Depends”. Towards the bottom of the post I go into detail on how you can make more money with other revenue streams besides just ads. Why does it depend? Because just getting views doesn’t mean you’re getting maximum financial value of that view. A 5 minute video may only have one ad which means you can only get a maximum of one ad unit viewed. A 60 minute video can have around 6 ads which means you can have potentially 6 times the ad revenue vs the 5 minute video. Let’s say you only focus on 5 to 10 minute videos and h 

In addition to all of the information provided people have to realize that of course the person uploading videos is doing all of the work for free for a very long time before any views ever climb up to any high number. Then after your AdSense account finally reaches $100 you will be paid that money the next month. If you don’t reach that amount then you just keep working for free in the meantime. Even if you later qualify to post your affiliate links, you still have to earn a certain amount, usually $100 I think it was, before you receive any affiliate money which is then sent to you 30 days l 

It varies. So let me explain. YouTubers make money based on many things. The most common and easy ones are adsense, and affiliate marketing(usually amazon). AdSense Businesses and marketers like me pay google money to show our ads on certain videos. Now, the creator whose video my ad is shown on gets %age of the money I paid to google. However, I will not pay the same amount for a viewer in USA as a viewer in India. So, depending on where my video is being seen, and if it is monetized, and if the video is deemed monetizable by google, I can get paid anywhere from about $1 for a 1000 views to $6-$1 

John's answer is spot on; but I'd also like to call to your attention a few of the intricacies of YouTube that go into the "it depends" variable you ask about. If you have an hour or so to waste, check out GradeAUnderA (1.3 mill subscribers, 73mill views), a British YouTube comic and general clown. His videos started getting popular when he published Girly Drinks vs Manly Drinks and started making money on YouTube. Since then, he has continued to create clownish videos under this moniker and in general bringing us hilarious entertainment value, but along the way, loves to present social debate  

The numbers of views don't determine how much a YouTuber can earn. In fact, there isn't anyone factor on which YouTuber's earnings depend. Firstly, the channel must be monetized with AdSense. All payments are paid according to CPM or, in simple words, amount per 1000 views. Next, the factors on which CPM depends are as follows- 1. NICHE- Infotainment and business channels earn a lot as compared to music and comedy. Since most of the ads are related to different products, they are all fighting for advertising space in entrepreneur channels, ultimately increasing rates.  2. LOCATION- Developed countrie 

It all comes down to CPM (cost per thousand views) model of google's Adsense.Adsense is what Google uses to provide a subtle medium between advertisers and the YouTubers. CPM ranges between 0.1$ to 10$ with the average at 7.6$ Do bear in mind that this averaged CPM is very high and only consistent Youtubers are blessed with CPM near this value and that too if they have a significant amount of subscribers.It’s a huge range because CPM’s is influenced by many factors,For example the country of your viewership, device used for viewing your videos, whether they use Adblocking application, etc... 

 Adsense is perhaps the Google's most significant resource. Adsense is one of the best Google's results of man-made consciousness. It can't be cheated particularly by spammers who need to utilize computerized instruments for creating counterfeit traffic. Adsense likewise has as a refined method of creating promotions and paying the distributer or substance maker utilizing a CPM equation. Google says: There's no exact answer, on the grounds that your profit will rely upon various variables. Youtube is CPM based (Cost Per Mille) which represents cost per 1,000 Impressions. Note: CPM networks pay for e 

How much can you make on YouTube?
 There are three factors that determine your CPM or revenue on Youtube: *CPM: cost per 1 thousand views. 1- How Much Views you are getting, and to be more accurate, how many times ads are shown on your videos and how many times are clicked. 2- The second thing, is your Target Audience, the CPM in Top English Countries is almost 10x of that of other countries. as an example, I have two channels: one has CPM around 22$, and the other one about 1–5$. 3- Ads and Targeted Keywords: Not all ads have the same price. as an example, Ads related to Digital Marketing and Online Business has a Higher CPM than ot 

 The short answer is: The sky is the limit! This is a story from my personal experience about poor quality videos that made me $4300+ in 5 months. A few years ago I found out about a method that was about making presentation videos on YouTube. The main pillars of this method were quantity &amp; Amazon Affiliates. The method is simple as it can be.1) Make a YouTube channel. 2) Make an Amazon Affiliate account.3) Search for any products that cost more than $100. You can find plenty of them at Your Daily Niche website. Make a list of them in excel with a product name and link. 4) When the list is rea 

In 2018 ,Evan Fong earned $ 12 million dollars from Youtube, Markiplier earned $ 16 million dollars and PewDiePie is the one who earned the highest revenue from Youtube with $ 20 million dollars in 2018. Looking at these numbers you can see that Youtube is a big video platform that helps people make money. However, to reach that grade of income is not an easy thing.  YouTube payment not based on the monthly period as companies pay their employees. How much can you earn a month? $ 1, $ 100 or $ 10,000? It all depends on your efforts. Actually, Youtube will pay about $ 2 to $ 4 for 1000 monetized v 

Most people think if you want to make decent money on YouTube, you need a ton of subscribers. While having a ton of subscribers is obviously helpful, there are several ways that you can make thousands of dollars every single month with very few subscribers. So I'm going to walk you through the five different ways that you can make money with a small YouTube channel.  It's great to have a bunch of subscribers on YouTube but, in reality, subscribers are just a vanity metric. They don't really matter in the grand scheme of things. What really matters is the amount of views that your videos are gettin 

In simple terms I'll do my best to explain how much youtubers are paid and how much a youtuber would make roughly in a month(this is only from Ads). It's basically like having adverts on your site or a site, the only difference is that the adverts are videos and not just text, pictures or gifs (repeating short video). Let's dive in, Now: *Youtube pays you only when your videos have been approved and monetized. then, *two measurements or parameters are used to determine your pay by YouTube they are; The number of advert views, (i.e. hits or views your monetized video gets)The pay for the number of ad 

Luxurious apartments, expensive clothes, exotic travels, and gifts from world-famous brands – this is what characterizes the lifestyle of YouTubers. That got us thinking: how much do they earn and is that well-deserved money? Most people would have to work intensively to get at least some part of that extravaganza, but there we have YouTubers whose video content has gained them the status and the earnings of a star. What makes the question of YouTube income so indefinite is its variability. Different factors influence the influencer's earnings. The lack of information and certainty makes many p 

It's the new American Dream: Quitting your job to become famous on YouTube. Dozens, possibly hundreds of people, have built up huge audiences on Google's video upload site, and the media is full of stories of their success. But before you buy a videocamera and tell your boss to shove it, consider what it costs to become a YouTube star. Turns out you can be one of the most famous people on the web and still barely get by. It's a great story if you want some hard numbers on the costs and revenues of being internet famous: Kay has earned $100,000 to $300,000 in each of the last three years. She has

Alright, let's understand a concept that will help you clear your myths about making money on YouTube and in understanding it's true potential - "How much money you make on YouTube through advertisements is NOT-EQUAL to the money can actually make through it" If only we understand this, we will able to realize the true potential that it has . Advertisement revenue is just one way of making money on YouTube. You can think of several other ways of making money through it, of course some might be worse than ads , some equal and some other far better . Advertisement revenue is just one way ! In fact 

It honestly depends on the topic you want to make videos about. At this moment there are several regions of Youtube that you can undertake and feature sponsors and high-paying ads. If you start off making Youtube videos with reactions and not too specific of a topic, you can expect that you’ll be making way less than a channel that is fixed on one. But the specifics also have variations in how much you will be paid. For example, all of the YouTubers that are doing make-up tutorials are able to be sponsored by large brands, that will send them their products for review and some face-time. These  

The average YouTuber? 22 $ a month.  YouTube pays the great majority of its creators with hope instead of cash. You can only apply for a “seat” in the partnership program (“YPP”) if you have at least 1,000 subscribers and 4,000 hours of watch time within the last 12 months. If your content is not totally non “controversial”, then your application won’t be granted. In 2019, 31 million channels had more than 10 subscribers (you aren’t a YouTuber with less than that), and 25 million of those did NOT have enough subscribers (1,000) to be eligible for the partner program. How Many YouTube Channels Are T 

How much does a YouTuber with 1 million subscribers earn in a year if he/she uploads two videos a week and gets 300k visits average per video?
It varies quite a bit. Money can come from a few different places, including: add revenue from CPMs, product placement, and sponsored videos. For those who do not know CPM means: If a website publisher charges $2 CPM, that means an advertiser must pay $2 for every 1,000 impressions of its ad. The "M" in CPM represents the roman numeral for 1,000. CPM is the most common method for pricing web ads. CPM rates themselves range dramatically, from as low as $0.60 to as high as $7.00 and up. For more details, see: How to make money from YouTube: Analytics reveal video site's richlist. Lets assume the av 

Recently, PEWDIEPIE one of the biggest and the 2nd most subscribed channel shows his YouTube earnings and if you know about it you want to be a YouTuber Too. I will share the complete Answer to this question later on. First, I want to let you know that I have three years of experience uploading Videos to YouTube so I would gauss my answer.  He uploads a Video titled “Looking into My statistics” and compare his channel and Net Worth estimation with the number and rumors listed on other websites. According to the video he is making somewhere between £49.9K - £799.1k. In one site that his total Net 

Hello, To understand how much money a YouTuber with 1 million subscribers earn if uploads two videos a week and gets 300k, let's check out some parameter youtube use to pay them.  Because it does not depends directly on the number of subscribers 1- How Youtubers make money A YouTuber with 1 million subscribers can make the same as a YouTuber with half of the subscribers. For example. Not all ads pay the same and also Youtube in order to decide what ad to play in the videos Demographic: It has to do with the gender and age of viewers Geographic: where in the world the viewers are Language: In what langua 

That's virtually impossible to tell, because it varies wildly, depending on a lot of different factors. You could start off by doing some simple math, assuming a revenue of $2 per 1,000 views. What you need to know (and what you didn't include in your question) is the total number of views per month. Because your assumption of 300k visits doesn't tell anything about how long it takes to acquire those views. Even old videos continue to be watched and to earn revenue. But let's keep it simple and assume the guy gets 600k views per week (which is 2,4M views per month). That would mean a total rev 

I'm a YouTuber with 120k subscribers and about .5M views/mo.  The simple answer is: it varies...a LOT. My channel makes from $3k-6k/mo.  But, that is unusually high for the amount of views I receive.  Here's the breakdown. You basically get paid 4 ways: ad revenuechannel sponsor revenuesponsored videosreferral/affiliate programsAd revenue:- you get 50% of ad earnings, youtube gets the other 50- If you belong to a YouTube network i.e. Maker, they get another 50%- About 50% of views are "monetizable" i.e. receive an ad.  This varies depending on your audience.- My CPM (cost-per-1,000 ad views 

“How much money do YouTubers make?” We get this question a lot. The answer always surprises people: not much. Contrary to what the internet trolls in YouTube’s comment section will tell you, making YouTube videos is not as lucrative as you might think. Our fans from Simple Pickup think we own expensive cars, luxurious yachts, and private jets. The truth is far from it. The thing is, though, it’s hard to fault them for thinking so brazenly. If you do a quick Google search, there are reams of articles advertising false information – such as the fact that YouTubers have a RPM as high as $8 (for the  

Here is the situation as of August 2018. Two videos per week with 300k Views is about 2,5M+ monthly. Typically, most YouTubers have long tails of views from old videos. Let's say tail is also about 2,5M+ views monthly. Thus for that type of channel you are asking about, total views count would be at least 5M+ per month.  Above and Below is one of my video stats with 5M+ lifetime views. It generated about 700 USD in total revenue; however, most of the views came from Russia (where CPM is low in comparison to first tier countries).  It is easy to estimate how much money this video would generate in di 

I was obsessed with YouTubers for years. I wanted to be rich making random videos about video games or my life. So I studied everything and everyone. I took really expensive paid courses from YouTube experts ($1000+). I watched thousands of videos from YouTubers revealing their “secrets” on how they make money, how much they make, and how they did it. This playlist I made gives you a small taste of all the videos I went through to find these answers: How To Be Successful On Youtube - YouTube The unfortunate truth I discovered is that knowledge alone isn’t the answer. I know every possible tip abo 

Well I won't say that I'm a professional YouTuber &amp; I mind that because I not even made minimum 100 videos on YouTube but those 100 videos taught me alot about youTube alogorithm, YouTube algorithm is the only strict &amp; well maintainted system till now i saw on the internet, yes thats true &amp; if we talk about present 2015 YouTube T&amp;S then its not pretty easy to rank any YouTube video &amp; earn huge They way YouTube has its policies &amp; Laws they maintain it in that way , its not like "Speaking a like &amp; doing anothe like" what YouTube says they do in the means of copyrights &amp; Rankings. Well sorry I just  

That’s simple calculation 8 videos per month x 300k views = 2,4M views/month All ads are not the same but let’s assume that average CPM is $1 ( The fashion and beauty verticals are definitely the highest paying advertisers (measured in CPM, cost per mille) which can go above a $10 CPM. In the technology vertical is $4-$6 CPM). That would be $2,400 / month but 30-70% of those views are not monetized because of adblock users, so my rough estimation is that he can earn $1,200/month from AdSense only. It takes time to build a YouTube following and monetization. If anyone else wants to do this full tim 

How many number of views in YouTube should you have before you get to earn? Do those million-view cat videos actually earn?
How do you create a YouTube channel and earn money?
How much does a YouTuber with 1 million subscribers earn in a year if he/she uploads two videos a week and gets 300k visits average per video?
It varies quite a bit. Money can come from a few different places, including: add revenue from CPMs, product placement, and sponsored videos. For those who do not know CPM means: If a website publisher charges $2 CPM, that means an advertiser must pay $2 for every 1,000 impressions of its ad. The "M" in CPM represents the roman numeral for 1,000. CPM is the most common method for pricing web ads. CPM rates themselves range dramatically, from as low as $0.60 to as high as $7.00 and up. For more details, see: How to make money from YouTube: Analytics reveal video site's richlist. Lets assume the av 

Recently, PEWDIEPIE one of the biggest and the 2nd most subscribed channel shows his YouTube earnings and if you know about it you want to be a YouTuber Too. I will share the complete Answer to this question later on. First, I want to let you know that I have three years of experience uploading Videos to YouTube so I would gauss my answer.  He uploads a Video titled “Looking into My statistics” and compare his channel and Net Worth estimation with the number and rumors listed on other websites. According to the video he is making somewhere between £49.9K - £799.1k. In one site that his total Net 

Hello, To understand how much money a YouTuber with 1 million subscribers earn if uploads two videos a week and gets 300k, let's check out some parameter youtube use to pay them.  Because it does not depends directly on the number of subscribers 1- How Youtubers make money A YouTuber with 1 million subscribers can make the same as a YouTuber with half of the subscribers. For example. Not all ads pay the same and also Youtube in order to decide what ad to play in the videos Demographic: It has to do with the gender and age of viewers Geographic: where in the world the viewers are Language: In what langua 

That's virtually impossible to tell, because it varies wildly, depending on a lot of different factors. You could start off by doing some simple math, assuming a revenue of $2 per 1,000 views. What you need to know (and what you didn't include in your question) is the total number of views per month. Because your assumption of 300k visits doesn't tell anything about how long it takes to acquire those views. Even old videos continue to be watched and to earn revenue. But let's keep it simple and assume the guy gets 600k views per week (which is 2,4M views per month). That would mean a total rev 

I'm a YouTuber with 120k subscribers and about .5M views/mo.  The simple answer is: it varies...a LOT. My channel makes from $3k-6k/mo.  But, that is unusually high for the amount of views I receive.  Here's the breakdown. You basically get paid 4 ways: ad revenuechannel sponsor revenuesponsored videosreferral/affiliate programsAd revenue:- you get 50% of ad earnings, youtube gets the other 50- If you belong to a YouTube network i.e. Maker, they get another 50%- About 50% of views are "monetizable" i.e. receive an ad.  This varies depending on your audience.- My CPM (cost-per-1,000 ad views 

“How much money do YouTubers make?” We get this question a lot. The answer always surprises people: not much. Contrary to what the internet trolls in YouTube’s comment section will tell you, making YouTube videos is not as lucrative as you might think. Our fans from Simple Pickup think we own expensive cars, luxurious yachts, and private jets. The truth is far from it. The thing is, though, it’s hard to fault them for thinking so brazenly. If you do a quick Google search, there are reams of articles advertising false information – such as the fact that YouTubers have a RPM as high as $8 (for the  

Here is the situation as of August 2018. Two videos per week with 300k Views is about 2,5M+ monthly. Typically, most YouTubers have long tails of views from old videos. Let's say tail is also about 2,5M+ views monthly. Thus for that type of channel you are asking about, total views count would be at least 5M+ per month.  Above and Below is one of my video stats with 5M+ lifetime views. It generated about 700 USD in total revenue; however, most of the views came from Russia (where CPM is low in comparison to first tier countries).  It is easy to estimate how much money this video would generate in di 

I was obsessed with YouTubers for years. I wanted to be rich making random videos about video games or my life. So I studied everything and everyone. I took really expensive paid courses from YouTube experts ($1000+). I watched thousands of videos from YouTubers revealing their “secrets” on how they make money, how much they make, and how they did it. This playlist I made gives you a small taste of all the videos I went through to find these answers: How To Be Successful On Youtube - YouTube The unfortunate truth I discovered is that knowledge alone isn’t the answer. I know every possible tip abo 

Well I won't say that I'm a professional YouTuber &amp; I mind that because I not even made minimum 100 videos on YouTube but those 100 videos taught me alot about youTube alogorithm, YouTube algorithm is the only strict &amp; well maintainted system till now i saw on the internet, yes thats true &amp; if we talk about present 2015 YouTube T&amp;S then its not pretty easy to rank any YouTube video &amp; earn huge They way YouTube has its policies &amp; Laws they maintain it in that way , its not like "Speaking a like &amp; doing anothe like" what YouTube says they do in the means of copyrights &amp; Rankings. Well sorry I just  

That’s simple calculation 8 videos per month x 300k views = 2,4M views/month All ads are not the same but let’s assume that average CPM is $1 ( The fashion and beauty verticals are definitely the highest paying advertisers (measured in CPM, cost per mille) which can go above a $10 CPM. In the technology vertical is $4-$6 CPM). That would be $2,400 / month but 30-70% of those views are not monetized because of adblock users, so my rough estimation is that he can earn $1,200/month from AdSense only. It takes time to build a YouTube following and monetization. If anyone else wants to do this full tim 

How much does YouTube pay per 1000 views in Pakistan?
How do I make money from my YouTube channel?
Perhaps you have created some videos and started to build up a channel on YouTube. You’ve noticed that you are gaining subscribers and you are beginning to see good view statistics for each of your videos. What you haven’t managed to do yet is to make any money from your videos. If that describes you, then you are a typical YouTuber. This is a guide to show you the mechanics of how to set up and get your YouTube channel making money. In How Much do YouTubers Make? – A YouTuber’s Pocket Guide we showed that the most successful YouTubers get paid extremely well. If you could receive 50,000 daily v 

How can I start a YouTube channel and start making money? if you want to start a YouTube channel and make money, first you need to create a new channel on YouTube, that’s easy. Sign in to YouTube.com on a computer.Try any action that requires a channel, such as uploading a video, posting a comment, or creating a playlist.If you don't yet have a channel, you'll see a prompt to create a channel.Check the details (with your Google Account name and photo) and confirm to create your new channel.Then you’ll have to make and upload videso on your new YouTube channel for making money, you could simply  

Yes it is absolutely possible, but only if you recognize that YouTube can’t be a sole source of income… Instead, the channel is a starting point, a proof-of-concept. Most people making a living start creating videos, and just. keep. going. Eventually, they gain recognition by an audience, and bring that audience with them (ideally) to gain other sources of revenue to support their continuing to make content. Without getting into the weeds about YouTube’s specific cost-sharing measures (as other Quorans have done), let’s just say it’s like streaming music. AdSense (YouTube’s monetization platfor 

 youtube is the second most visited website on the web, that means there is enough traffic to take money from it in many different, possible, creative ways, however, it needs some knowledge and Patience to make real passive income. In this answer I’m willing to provide some business models that you can start with a youtube channel: product reviews: over 50,000 years of product review videos have been watched on mobile devices over the past two years on youtube. create a youtube channel with a brandable name.start reviewing products for a specific niche like toys, shoes…etc. as you are just startin

Most internet browsers think of YouTube (GOOG) as a place to waste time, watch silly clips or the latest music video. To others, it is a place to upload and share videos from concerts, a newsworthy event or even family events with friends online. A smaller group thinks of YouTube as a central part of their online income strategy. Earning with YouTube is easy, but making big money with the platform can be a challenge. Here is how YouTube ad revenue works and how to get started making money through the platform. Enable AdSense for YouTube on Your Account The first two steps in earning online revenu 

Yes. Although it can take a couple years. You’re paid on views, but the real long term money is in growing subscribers. 1 million monthly views = $1,000 - $2,000+. It scales from there. I’ve started a YouTube channel with 300,000+ subscribers and six figures in revenue as part of a previous media company. Here’s how we did it… We already had a large following on a blog in a specific niche so it was a head start. We decided to start by posting one video per week. Having a following on IG or FB would be a huge help versus just doing a cold start. The YouTube channel quickly went from a seed of around  

Simple answer: YES There are people who even make a substantial living on YouTube. However, I'm sure you're asking this because you may want to pursue YouTube. Allow me to give you a bit of advice. Don't expect to make any sort of money within the first 2–3 years.You must niche down on your YouTube channel so people with similar interest are willing to subscribe and view consistently. However, ensure your niche can expand so your channel can do the same.Be consistent with your uploads. Your first video will suck, your second video will be a little bit better and so on.Don't simply rely on Adsens

How do I Make Money from My YouTube Channel When somebody goes into the web world, they begin to see numerous methods for them to make money online. There are at least a lots methods to earn money online. These consist of how to generate income blogging, affiliate marketing, eBook profits, freelancing with websites like Upwork or oDesk, making from AdSense, and so on. If we were to select the finest 2 alternatives to make cash online,blogging is generally number one, followed carefully by generating income from YouTube videos. Here are some intriguing YouTube statistics to chew on: 500 million hour

https://youtu.be/8fFMJqj9e4c  Top 10 Money Making Ideas for YouTube Creators if this ideas are helpful then don't forget to support me. 1. Provide YouTube related services like Graphic designs, channel review, SEO Services, Content creation for youtubers to get more money without adsense 2. Provide your own PDF book or product link in your video description, Also add on basic info link section in customization tab its appear in your channel art 3. Ask your viewers to support you by donating through Crowdfund or Fan funding sites like Buy Me A Coffee or patreon 4. Tie Up with other channel creators an 

I know a lot of people will tell you to go with AdSense and build up to the 1,000 subscribers and 4,000 hours of watch time requirement. I’m going to tell you that, while that is a good goal, you don’t need to wait to make money from your YouTube channel. Below are some ways to make money from a YouTube channel without relying on AdSense.  Earn money as a small YouTuber, no AdSense! 1. Selling Merchandise Something nearly all of the most subscribed YouTubers in the world have tried is creating and selling their own merchandise. A lot of YouTubers will do this once their channels reach a certain siz 

How much does a YouTuber with 1 million subscribers earn in a year if he/she uploads two videos a week and gets 300k visits average per video?
It varies quite a bit. Money can come from a few different places, including: add revenue from CPMs, product placement, and sponsored videos. For those who do not know CPM means: If a website publisher charges $2 CPM, that means an advertiser must pay $2 for every 1,000 impressions of its ad. The "M" in CPM represents the roman numeral for 1,000. CPM is the most common method for pricing web ads. CPM rates themselves range dramatically, from as low as $0.60 to as high as $7.00 and up. For more details, see: How to make money from YouTube: Analytics reveal video site's richlist. Lets assume the av 

Recently, PEWDIEPIE one of the biggest and the 2nd most subscribed channel shows his YouTube earnings and if you know about it you want to be a YouTuber Too. I will share the complete Answer to this question later on. First, I want to let you know that I have three years of experience uploading Videos to YouTube so I would gauss my answer.  He uploads a Video titled “Looking into My statistics” and compare his channel and Net Worth estimation with the number and rumors listed on other websites. According to the video he is making somewhere between £49.9K - £799.1k. In one site that his total Net 

Hello, To understand how much money a YouTuber with 1 million subscribers earn if uploads two videos a week and gets 300k, let's check out some parameter youtube use to pay them.  Because it does not depends directly on the number of subscribers 1- How Youtubers make money A YouTuber with 1 million subscribers can make the same as a YouTuber with half of the subscribers. For example. Not all ads pay the same and also Youtube in order to decide what ad to play in the videos Demographic: It has to do with the gender and age of viewers Geographic: where in the world the viewers are Language: In what langua 

That's virtually impossible to tell, because it varies wildly, depending on a lot of different factors. You could start off by doing some simple math, assuming a revenue of $2 per 1,000 views. What you need to know (and what you didn't include in your question) is the total number of views per month. Because your assumption of 300k visits doesn't tell anything about how long it takes to acquire those views. Even old videos continue to be watched and to earn revenue. But let's keep it simple and assume the guy gets 600k views per week (which is 2,4M views per month). That would mean a total rev 

I'm a YouTuber with 120k subscribers and about .5M views/mo.  The simple answer is: it varies...a LOT. My channel makes from $3k-6k/mo.  But, that is unusually high for the amount of views I receive.  Here's the breakdown. You basically get paid 4 ways: ad revenuechannel sponsor revenuesponsored videosreferral/affiliate programsAd revenue:- you get 50% of ad earnings, youtube gets the other 50- If you belong to a YouTube network i.e. Maker, they get another 50%- About 50% of views are "monetizable" i.e. receive an ad.  This varies depending on your audience.- My CPM (cost-per-1,000 ad views 

“How much money do YouTubers make?” We get this question a lot. The answer always surprises people: not much. Contrary to what the internet trolls in YouTube’s comment section will tell you, making YouTube videos is not as lucrative as you might think. Our fans from Simple Pickup think we own expensive cars, luxurious yachts, and private jets. The truth is far from it. The thing is, though, it’s hard to fault them for thinking so brazenly. If you do a quick Google search, there are reams of articles advertising false information – such as the fact that YouTubers have a RPM as high as $8 (for the  

Here is the situation as of August 2018. Two videos per week with 300k Views is about 2,5M+ monthly. Typically, most YouTubers have long tails of views from old videos. Let's say tail is also about 2,5M+ views monthly. Thus for that type of channel you are asking about, total views count would be at least 5M+ per month.  Above and Below is one of my video stats with 5M+ lifetime views. It generated about 700 USD in total revenue; however, most of the views came from Russia (where CPM is low in comparison to first tier countries).  It is easy to estimate how much money this video would generate in di 

I was obsessed with YouTubers for years. I wanted to be rich making random videos about video games or my life. So I studied everything and everyone. I took really expensive paid courses from YouTube experts ($1000+). I watched thousands of videos from YouTubers revealing their “secrets” on how they make money, how much they make, and how they did it. This playlist I made gives you a small taste of all the videos I went through to find these answers: How To Be Successful On Youtube - YouTube The unfortunate truth I discovered is that knowledge alone isn’t the answer. I know every possible tip abo 

Well I won't say that I'm a professional YouTuber &amp; I mind that because I not even made minimum 100 videos on YouTube but those 100 videos taught me alot about youTube alogorithm, YouTube algorithm is the only strict &amp; well maintainted system till now i saw on the internet, yes thats true &amp; if we talk about present 2015 YouTube T&amp;S then its not pretty easy to rank any YouTube video &amp; earn huge They way YouTube has its policies &amp; Laws they maintain it in that way , its not like "Speaking a like &amp; doing anothe like" what YouTube says they do in the means of copyrights &amp; Rankings. Well sorry I just  

That’s simple calculation 8 videos per month x 300k views = 2,4M views/month All ads are not the same but let’s assume that average CPM is $1 ( The fashion and beauty verticals are definitely the highest paying advertisers (measured in CPM, cost per mille) which can go above a $10 CPM. In the technology vertical is $4-$6 CPM). That would be $2,400 / month but 30-70% of those views are not monetized because of adblock users, so my rough estimation is that he can earn $1,200/month from AdSense only. It takes time to build a YouTube following and monetization. If anyone else wants to do this full tim 

How much does a YouTuber with 1 million subscribers earn in a year if he/she uploads two videos a week and gets 300k visits average per video?
It varies quite a bit. Money can come from a few different places, including: add revenue from CPMs, product placement, and sponsored videos. For those who do not know CPM means: If a website publisher charges $2 CPM, that means an advertiser must pay $2 for every 1,000 impressions of its ad. The "M" in CPM represents the roman numeral for 1,000. CPM is the most common method for pricing web ads. CPM rates themselves range dramatically, from as low as $0.60 to as high as $7.00 and up. For more details, see: How to make money from YouTube: Analytics reveal video site's richlist. Lets assume the av 

Recently, PEWDIEPIE one of the biggest and the 2nd most subscribed channel shows his YouTube earnings and if you know about it you want to be a YouTuber Too. I will share the complete Answer to this question later on. First, I want to let you know that I have three years of experience uploading Videos to YouTube so I would gauss my answer.  He uploads a Video titled “Looking into My statistics” and compare his channel and Net Worth estimation with the number and rumors listed on other websites. According to the video he is making somewhere between £49.9K - £799.1k. In one site that his total Net 

Hello, To understand how much money a YouTuber with 1 million subscribers earn if uploads two videos a week and gets 300k, let's check out some parameter youtube use to pay them.  Because it does not depends directly on the number of subscribers 1- How Youtubers make money A YouTuber with 1 million subscribers can make the same as a YouTuber with half of the subscribers. For example. Not all ads pay the same and also Youtube in order to decide what ad to play in the videos Demographic: It has to do with the gender and age of viewers Geographic: where in the world the viewers are Language: In what langua 

That's virtually impossible to tell, because it varies wildly, depending on a lot of different factors. You could start off by doing some simple math, assuming a revenue of $2 per 1,000 views. What you need to know (and what you didn't include in your question) is the total number of views per month. Because your assumption of 300k visits doesn't tell anything about how long it takes to acquire those views. Even old videos continue to be watched and to earn revenue. But let's keep it simple and assume the guy gets 600k views per week (which is 2,4M views per month). That would mean a total rev 

I'm a YouTuber with 120k subscribers and about .5M views/mo.  The simple answer is: it varies...a LOT. My channel makes from $3k-6k/mo.  But, that is unusually high for the amount of views I receive.  Here's the breakdown. You basically get paid 4 ways: ad revenuechannel sponsor revenuesponsored videosreferral/affiliate programsAd revenue:- you get 50% of ad earnings, youtube gets the other 50- If you belong to a YouTube network i.e. Maker, they get another 50%- About 50% of views are "monetizable" i.e. receive an ad.  This varies depending on your audience.- My CPM (cost-per-1,000 ad views 

“How much money do YouTubers make?” We get this question a lot. The answer always surprises people: not much. Contrary to what the internet trolls in YouTube’s comment section will tell you, making YouTube videos is not as lucrative as you might think. Our fans from Simple Pickup think we own expensive cars, luxurious yachts, and private jets. The truth is far from it. The thing is, though, it’s hard to fault them for thinking so brazenly. If you do a quick Google search, there are reams of articles advertising false information – such as the fact that YouTubers have a RPM as high as $8 (for the  

Here is the situation as of August 2018. Two videos per week with 300k Views is about 2,5M+ monthly. Typically, most YouTubers have long tails of views from old videos. Let's say tail is also about 2,5M+ views monthly. Thus for that type of channel you are asking about, total views count would be at least 5M+ per month.  Above and Below is one of my video stats with 5M+ lifetime views. It generated about 700 USD in total revenue; however, most of the views came from Russia (where CPM is low in comparison to first tier countries).  It is easy to estimate how much money this video would generate in di 

I was obsessed with YouTubers for years. I wanted to be rich making random videos about video games or my life. So I studied everything and everyone. I took really expensive paid courses from YouTube experts ($1000+). I watched thousands of videos from YouTubers revealing their “secrets” on how they make money, how much they make, and how they did it. This playlist I made gives you a small taste of all the videos I went through to find these answers: How To Be Successful On Youtube - YouTube The unfortunate truth I discovered is that knowledge alone isn’t the answer. I know every possible tip abo 

Well I won't say that I'm a professional YouTuber &amp; I mind that because I not even made minimum 100 videos on YouTube but those 100 videos taught me alot about youTube alogorithm, YouTube algorithm is the only strict &amp; well maintainted system till now i saw on the internet, yes thats true &amp; if we talk about present 2015 YouTube T&amp;S then its not pretty easy to rank any YouTube video &amp; earn huge They way YouTube has its policies &amp; Laws they maintain it in that way , its not like "Speaking a like &amp; doing anothe like" what YouTube says they do in the means of copyrights &amp; Rankings. Well sorry I just  

That’s simple calculation 8 videos per month x 300k views = 2,4M views/month All ads are not the same but let’s assume that average CPM is $1 ( The fashion and beauty verticals are definitely the highest paying advertisers (measured in CPM, cost per mille) which can go above a $10 CPM. In the technology vertical is $4-$6 CPM). That would be $2,400 / month but 30-70% of those views are not monetized because of adblock users, so my rough estimation is that he can earn $1,200/month from AdSense only. It takes time to build a YouTube following and monetization. If anyone else wants to do this full tim 

How do I get a visitor for a new blog? What is a simple traffic source for this?
What are the benefits of using simple traffic?
What are the best ways of increasing your blog traffic?
The first step is to write a blog post that people are actually searching for on google. Example- If people are searching for “How to boost a blog traffic” but you are writing on “I like blogging” then no matter how good you write or how well you promote and stuff keywords on your blog you will not get the traffic because no one is searching for or care about what you like or think. People come to google to solve their problems. Once you figured out the right topic you will write on then think about how good you can solve or well you can create helpful content on that topic. Note that you can not  

Starting a blog is easy. But finding the right topic to write about… That's the hard part. In this answer I'll show you exactly how to find and choose a niche that suits you and give you tips on how to grow your blog into a profitable business!  To start we need a niche Before you can start your own blog or website, you need to know what domain name you’re gonna use. Before you can choose a domain name you need to find and choose your niche. I’ll help you through the process. This is the part that, at least I think so, is most important. This is the start of your money making journey. This will d 

I’ll assume you have a brand new blog, new domain with no history, no back links, and no established social media. If you have any of the mentioned, leverage that to the full advantage for views!  If anything there are too many ways to drive traffic in today's age. The top answer and the answer you should be working towards is search engine optimization (SEO)! Nothing else matters in the long term and this will drive at least 75% of your traffic no matter what you do. SEO is how random people find your blog on search engines like google, it’s organic and free. However, this won’t start happening  

 You must know that driving traffic to blogs is a consistent process that requires a lot of dedication. The 20 ways I'm about to discuss may sound perfect but, they are moot if you don't have the discipline to implement them. Write consistently: You need to understand that reading a blog is like reading an incomplete book that the writer updates one chapter at a time. You don't want to leave your audience hanging, or else they may lose interest and find some other blog to read.Focus on SEO: It's a no brainer that a good SEO would obviously get your blog more traffic. Make it a standard practice 

Dear, Do you know The problem that most people face isn't about how they can set up a blog or website; it's about how they can actually drive traffic. Now I am sharing with you tried-and-true methods that the biggest online marketers use to create authority and drive traffic over time. Implement Good Search Engine Optimization (SEO)Today, if you don't understand basic SEO, you're losing targeted traffic. Discover and learn basic about SEO so that you're engaging in the right type of traffic delivery strategies and bring more organic traffic.Write Insatiable ContentDo you know Content is king?

Frankly speaking, I am no expert in this field. But in this 23 months of blogging, I have learnt some important things, and deep inside I feel happy about it. Here I will share some of the ways, that has really helped me increase my blog traffic. Let me tell you this, I started blogging (bought the domain name) without even knowing there is something called domain hosting, forget about SEO.  This is my blog performance since I started blogging. The big spike you see is the day, when few of my pages came in Google Discover. It means google suggested my blog pages in few thousand mobile users. I wi 

There are a number of ways to increase your traffic on a blog. I’ve used these to grow quite a few blogs (like Helping You Succeed Through Online Marketing!) from zero to hundreds of thousands of visitors a month: Long-tail Keyword Domination Even before Google first rolled out their Panda update in 2011, longtail keyword phrases were a major traffic driver. Since then, it’s been even easier to dominate Google, drive organic traffic to your blog and build a profitable business. Search Engine Journal recorded a 78% increase in organic traffic after optimizing naturally for long-tail keywords.  The q 

1. SEO Optimization Keywords, Keywords, Keywords. SEO is an abbreviated version of Search Engine Optimization. Let’s say that you are writing about Art. This is a general subject, right? You probably will not rank high, considering that there have been many widely known artists and critics writing about Art. Well, then let’s get more specific. Your article was written about Vincent Van Gogh. Is it too random? Of course. Vincent Van Gogh’s life has been written about by himself, those surrounding him, and those that interpret him without ever meeting the genius. Delve deeper. You wrote about a s 

So lets see, Its one thing to increase your website traffic and it’s another thing to retain your traffic/visitors. Lots of traffic to a website of low content quality is absolutely useless. Great content with lots of traffic is a jackpot! There are definitely so many ways that you can increase web traffic but for today I’m only going to focus on the Best Ways To Increase Traffic To A Website and these are methods that I’ve been using and they actually have helped me out; 1. Advertising This is actually one of the Best Ways To Increase Traffic To A Website without spending much time~ As long as y 

There are many ways of increasing your blog traffic. In fact, it is a topic that all bloggers should learn more about.  Now, let’s go through some of the best ways to increasing your blog traffic! Strategy #1 Find relevant topics to blog about Have you ever sat down to write your up-and-coming blog post just to find yourself starring blankly at the wall? Well, I know I have. Nowadays, you don’t want just a ‘good’ topic. You will need a good topic that is relevant to your readers. Imagine a fitness website talking about mortgage loans - Yes! it doesn't make sense. Keyword research is your friend here 

How can one make money starting a blog?
Blogging is a rapid growth industry, and plenty of people have found successful careers as bloggers. Still, few bloggers tend to describe their site as a small business. Only around 14% of bloggers claim a salary earned through blogging, so the vast majority of bloggers are hobbyists. Unfortunately, the makeup of the majority has meant that even those who monetize their blogs treat them as hobbies, rather than small businesses. But if you blog with a mind for earning an income, you are building a small business. It is important, then, to treat your fledgling blog like any other start-up. 1. Wri 

This is what you need to make money starting a blog from scratch to finish. Pick a Domain Name. The first thing that you need is a website and a domain name so that people can find you online. I recommend that you create your website using the WordPress platform, it’s best for blog post type of websites. Then you can get a domain at go daddy, Bluehost, HostGator or any other hosting company. There’s plenty of them, you will be lost with choice.After establishing your website, it’s time to build it up and set up everything so that it looks good, presentable and most importantly, it’s user friend

I go over how I managed to make almost $6450 from my affiliate blogs in May 2020 here and that level of income is enough for me to do this full time while I work on scaling it up to earn over $25,000 a month, hopefully by this time next year. Hopefully, the tips and tricks in this answer will be able to help anyone else get started in their blogging journey and have the highest possible chance of success and being able to make money from their blogging project moving forward. Before we get started though, I want to stress that even just getting my own affiliate blogs to $6450 a month has taken  

First off, there’s no way to make money blogging without a web audience. So, before we discuss monetizing your blog, let’s talk about getting an audience. You don’t necessarily need millions of people visiting your blog on a monthly basis. For every 1,000 visitors/month on growthmarketingpro.com, we make $500/month. Still, bottom line: the number visitors your blog has corresponds to the income it produces. In any form of business, you have to win people’s trust to sell them something. The same rule holds for blogging. Offer your visitors something of genuine value. They have to have a reason to c 

It really comes down to being willing to learn and implement things, RESEARCH, and consistency (when it comes to posting and what not). The research you do before you set up your blog has a lot to do with your future success. The first thing that you have to do is to make sure you go into a profitable industry (and one that you know a little something about). Some examples of these include things like health and fitness, technology, self-help and personal development (includes dating and relationships), finance/money (includes all of the ways someone can make money), toys, fashion and beauty, f 

There are a variety of ways to earn money online. Having a blog and monetizing it is a great example of earning income and having fun doing so. To earn money through a blog there are several important factors to cover: your niche, website, and dedication. All of them are closely related to each other and are crucial factors if you wish to earn money through blogging. Let's talk about that.  Niche. Writing about things you are passionate about is necessary for a successful blog. However, if writing isn’t your strong side, you can hire someone to write the content for you. Writing good content is ess 

 Once you start a blog there are many ways you can monetize it. Before you do that you should make sure you have 2 things together above all: Quality content: The first thing a blog needs to have is good content. Without good content, your promotional efforts will fail because your content is not useful. Good content naturally gets more links, shares, and likes. Learn how to create a good blog post and create at least 7–10 useful articles.Good design: You need to have a well designed blog so people will stay around. People will be more inclined to read and return to a good looking blog. If your d

 Today, I am going to show you how to start a blog and make money online. This is going to be a comprehensive guide to start your blogging journey. This side hustle is earning a full-time income for me and it’s only 7 months since I started!! I have learned and implemented things through my blogging journey, but the first step that I am very happy that I took was – Starting a Blog. On my blog, I have always talked about money-making side hustles. This one has proved to be a great income earner for me. Today, I will show you all how to start a blog to make money even if you are a beginner or a non-t 

A blog is not a business Yes, repeat after me: A Blog is Not a Business! Let me explain this further. Information used to be precious like gold. Whoever knows something that most people don’t, win—a few decades ago. It still hold true today. The only problem is that today, everyone knows almost everything. The value of information has dropped drastically over a few decades. While most information on the Internet are free today—like every answer here in Quora—it’s almost impossible for you to simply create some craps—regardless it’s a blog post, a YouTube video, or an info-product—and call it a bus 

Hey Look Here, You can earn more than $1000 by just blogging. But many bloggers fail in blogging due to many reasons. I have made more than **$10000** from blogging. Actually I have enjoyed each and every blog that I wrote. This is my last income from Google Adsense  You never need to do hard work as everyone said. You just need to build your future. There are many ways to earn money from blogging. Each and every way has its own PROS and CONS. But, I recommend you all to have a good hosting company because good hosting can only handle your traffic otherwise, You will lose your precious visitors. By Goog

How do you find great topics to blog about?
This is a question I find over and over again of how to generate blog content. So It’s time for me to give you some quick tips I use myself that work for me. I’m sure it can work for you too. 1. Read other blogs as much as you can. When you do this, open a document on your desktop and jot down ideas you will get from a blog that interests you. 2. Read comments on other blogs and your own. There are many ideas you can get from a person’s comment on a blog post. 3. Ask questions on your blog or social media…even on your email list. Something like “What would you like to read about?” You can even ma 

Content marketing involves creating blogs with a fair amount of consistency. This means for a lot of us marketers we have to constantly think about what topics to write about, ideas to share, and clever ways to write it—all while making sure our posts are search engine optimized and engaging.  Image Source Personally, generating blog content ideas has proven to be one of the more challenging aspects of the whole process. Through the years, I have come to rely on several ways to help keep my ideas flowing: 1. Ask Your Audience What They Want to Read If you have a pretty solid following on social med 

How To Find A Better Blog Topic To Write An Article On About Suppose, You Are Working In Any Professional Field Like SEO Or Digital Marketing Since For Last 2 Years &amp; Wrote Many Articles During Your Job But Still Confuse!  About What?  “ Want To Write An Great Article On A Great Topic? “ To Find Real Topic For Your Article &amp; Describe It In Your Natural Words.  Then Must Think Of That, Problems You faced Before: •	Is There Anything I Can Change Or Bring Something New That Can Make Easier To Do Local Or International Business Listings •	Is There Anything I Can Change Or Bring Something New That Can Mak 

There are many ways to find content ideas. I always find ideas using a set of tools. These help me find proven ideas that people in my niche are interested in. You can use these tools to find ideas relevant to your niche too. 1. Buzzsumo First and foremost is Buzzsumo. This is the most common and the best tool available using which you can generate tons of great content ideas. And here’s how you can do it: 1. Head Over to Buzzsumo.  2. Enter your Keyword. I used “Content Creation”.  3. What Buzzsumo does is that it not only shows the most popular blog titles. It also gives you the number of shares on  

Finding a topic for your next blog post should not be a tough task. After all, there are so many things to read &amp; write and I am sure your niche has also the same potential. Here are a few of the tactics I follow for my blog. Understand The Niche &amp; Explore Sub Niches Yes, if you are working on any niche you must have to learn how to break that into multiple sub-niches. This will help you to explore more topics that will ultimately help you to grow your blog as an authority with time. Do competitors Analysis (Use #UberSuggest) Just use the free tool UberSuggest and find out for which keywords your c 

There are hundreds of topics to write about, it's very easy to find a topic, but the question is, who has the time to read your blog? You are one of millions of other bloggers. I have a nice idea to find content for your blog that is readable, shareable, etc. Think of a newspaper, how many headlines does it have per day? 50? Let's say 50. Out of the 50 headlines, all are probably important, or interesting, but how many out of the 50 headlines people are talking about or reading the most? Let's say 10%. So, only 5 out of 50 headlines are really hot for that day. Now, can you write a blog post rele 

Right now, your 'blog' seems to be more of a content aggregator than a blog per se. And there are inherent risks to such an approach: Plagiarism charges. Other sites won't mind you 'borrowing' content from them as long as you direct traffic to them (say, by posting an excerpt with a link to 'Read More' on the actual site) - but if it is a copy-paste job, there's a bite waiting for you somewhere down the line.Middleman cut-out: right now, you are a middleman between the original site and the visitor. There is a very real possibility of the visitor deciding to go straight to the site, cutting ou

A blog is something which will provide a good content to the readers ,where one can get their queries resolved . Inorder to make your readers feel comfortable with the Niches you had chosen and with the posts you publish with ,you have to follow certain steps . Firstly ,you have to choose the topic in a wise manner. The topic you choose is going to decide the readers you get engaged with . More the accuracy in the topic ,more will be the readers to the blog and more will be the traffic . Once you are done with the topic ,make sure you deliver the content to that in an appropriate way. There are m 

Since you are new to blogging, I would recommend reading the entire answer as it will definitely help you. To get started with this, Take a piece of pen and paper and write down all your interests and passionsNarrow them down to 3 choicesLeave the list for 24 hoursThen come back and choose the one that is most suitable for youThat is your niche.Once your niche is decided it’s timeot get online. To start off, decide on a good domain name. A domain name can implies readers what is your blog about. For example, one of my blogs in money making niche is MoneyWolf which indicates people that it is some 

How do people find topics and subjects to write books about? This is the same question, blogging is not just aimless writing and pontificating, it has matured into being today’s mass media, and platform for just about everything. A blog, what is it? We need to move right away from restrictive, and limited ideas. Back in 1997, in the early days of digital publication, people were unfamiliar with the internet. This led to clunky, awkward productions. If you have kept pace with the development of ‘digital culture’ you will know that blogging is today a fully matured range of media production. We have e 

How do I become a successful blogger in 2018?
How much traffic can you realistically generate to your blog from SEO?
How do I get organic traffic to my blogger blog?
I read people answer here , They didn't told you a method which actually provides you organic traffic . Here some body wrote share link on YouTube . Let's talk roughly on this point so you may clear some of your points . Most of the people uses You Tube to search about Videos and Guide . For example If you need some Software to download , You'll be using Google , Yahoo , Bing and other Search Engine not you will be searching on You Tube . Untill you are noob . There will be few people who search on YT for it. All things you need to learn What is Search Intent ? What search results different Sea 

Hi Ivan, Honestly SEO takes a little time at minimum 30 days to get some traction but must be done to get search engines to recognize your website and send you organic traffic. The fastest way is by using social media to develop a following who knows and trust you to make a purchase from you if that is your goal. Connect with people in Facebook groups that are relevant to your niche giving free value to position yourself as an authority in their eyes and getting them to engage with you and your website/blog. Speaking of blog, this is a great resources where you can provide high value content and s 

&nbsp;0:00-0:30 Wow, great question and certainly we all wish there was an easy answer to that one. I’ve been marketing products online for about twenty years and I’ve had my share of success generating organic traffic. That being said, figuring new and creative ways to generate organic traffic is still part of my daily routine. There are no easy ways to get swathes of organic website traffic. You’re essentially competing against the world for those eye balls. So what I’m going to do here is provide a checklist of low hanging fruit to go after in terms of organic traffic. I’m then going to provide a few more  

According to the pain point of your question, you're looking for the ways how to increase organic traffic. Since your blog age is only 3 months, it has huge potential for creating a healthy range of organic traffic stream to your blog. But depends on your adequate knowledgebase of : (1) How to generate increased organic traffic, and (2) How to maintain organic traffic stream to your blog. Organic traffic means, search traffic or free traffic that will come to your blog using Google or Bing search engines. In this regard, all you need to do SEO. It means need to optimize your blog site and each o 

You’ll want to work on your SEO to improve your blog’s traffic. At times, search engine optimization (SEO) can feel anything but simple. There are copious amounts of SEO techniques and tips floating around full of jargon and words that you may not understand to begin with! I’m going to break it down in non-technical terms on how you can instantly improve your search engine optimization! In this post we are going to be talking about: Keyword ResearchKeyword ImplementationImage OptimizationBuilding BacklinksFixing URLsInternal LinkingExternal LinkingMetadataRevising Old ContentKEYWORD RESEARCH For e 

There are many ways to generate organic traffic and here I am listing the few: Get a Active On Social Media Share your page on Facebook, Reddit, Instagram, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Forums etc.Invest in Facebook adsCreate a Facebook group and add relevant people to it.Go on relevant subreddits on Reddit and talk about your projectUsing Twitter To Drive Traffic: Share the relevant content to your offerUse short and provocative TweetsUse #HashtagsAsk for RetweetUse visually Appealing ImagesAsk questions related to your topicPromote your TweetsInclude a link in your BioFollow relevant pages and people 

Great content isn't enough; you need people to read it, share it, and engage with it, too. Blogging can be a great way to build a name for yourself, generate business. Search engine optimization:- SEO is a procedure of techniques and strategies, used to increase the number of visitors to a website by obtaining a high-ranking placement in the search results of a search engine (SERP) — including Google, Bing, Yahoo, and other search engines. On Page SEO: SEO-friendly blog is one that allows a search engine to explore and read pages across the blog. Ensuring a search engine can easily crawl and unde 

The best way for one website can be the worst for another. That said, there are a few universal tips that ought to shorten the time needed to build your site's popularity. Let's discuss more.  Before I proceed further, I would like to say a nice choice on the topic and concept of your website. You've picked a profitable niche. There are areas of the site I would improve, but that's a different side to audience and brand building for another time, perhaps. In this answer, I will suggest some key points get more traffic based upon my analysis of your website. Every time you write/add a new article, 

Build a strong, loyal, and engaged community around your website is one of the best ways to increase traffic on your site! You can do it organically, but you need to be engaged and build relations.  Basing on my experience as the online marketing manager I have compiled a list of good practices which let you grow traffic on your website. I shared it already in a few answers, but it’s continuously evolving.  Here’re my best tips to increase traffic by building and engaging community (only easy to provide, and affordable things you can do to stand out from the crowd) Post regularly - it is a must! Pe

There’s no shortcut way for generating organic traffic for a new blog or a blog that isn’t doing well in SERP or in social media. As an SEO, I’d suggest you SEO-wise advice for getting organic traffic.  Genuine keyword Research The reason I’m using this word “genuine” is for those people who just fire a keyword research tool and find some keywords and then jump into the game. This is really bad research of keywords. Determine your audience first, analyze their segments and behavior by searching online. (if you have a database of user metrics that’d be awesome). Now, You know who’s your targeted audi 

How can I increase traffic on my blog on Blogger?
In my opinion, every business owner who's ever hosted a blog has experienced the frustration of trying to gain readership. Though we’d all like it if readers just magically came to us, the reality is, it takes some work to build an audience. It’s easy to get frustrated and just give up on blogging, but once you experience the benefits, you'll understand that your blog can have a tremendous impact on your business by attracting traffic to your site, helping you build a social media audience and making an impression on prospects and clients alike. Here are some of the proven strategies and traffic 

You might start feeling established as you might now be more aware of increasing traffic on the blog.Here are the five steps and strategies through which you can definitely bring traffic through your blog :- Be Strategic about your 	ContentIn order to increase the blog traffic , creation of more better content is the best thing through which you can increase the blog traffic . As been commonly known “Content is the King” , creating fresh and popular content , is not only about the quality of the content but also about being more strategic with the efforts of content marketing. The content is sai 

Well this is a very broad question to answer! When it comes to topics like website traffic or money making from blogging, we need to make the do’s and don’ts into multiple parts so that we can easily take action on those. So, I’d like to cut your question into two parts. Here is how: Take a look at your blog (Site Audit)How to get traffic?1. What is site Audit? You didn’t mentioned since how long you are blogging or other details; So, I’m gonna assume it in my way. If you’re a blogger since at least a year or more and you’re not seeing any steady results in traffic or revenue, then it’s the time fo 

SEO tool is the best method for a blogger’s website traffic increase. You can try at here 1. Create content for targeted audience The content of your blog will be the bait that attracts readers. You will need to figure out who is your targeted audience. Here is the list of questions you need to answer first to get a better understanding of your audience: What is their occupation?What common problems they might have and can you help them?What topics do they enjoy reading the most?What keeps them up at night? An important thing you need to understand is how to make people come back to your blog, sha 

You can get massive traffic to your blog by using meta tags in the right way. Here I have discussed the complete tutorial on how to use meta tags in Blogger :) Meta tags play an important role in the SEO ranking of your website. Search engines like Google rank your site based on the quality of the meta tags you are using. There are tons of other factors responsible for better SEO and meta tags is one of them. What are Meta Tags? Meta tags are the HTML tags placed in the header of any webpage. Search engines use these tags to rank any webpage. Meta tags are located in the head section of the webpa 

If you want to increase blog traffic, the best thing you can do is quite simply create better content. You’ve probably heard this before - the term “content is king” is thrown around more than a funnel at a frat party. But creating “better content” isn’t just about quality. It also means being more strategic with your content marketing efforts. The most successful content is the kind that meets a specific need. Think about your audience and what they love. Content these days almost always falls into one of two categories: cool and funny or useful and educational. Choose either and you’re probab 

If you want to increase your traffic on blog fast, you could make use of a powerful traffic bot, this software can search the keywords by your set on search engines (Google, Yahoo and Bing) and shopping sites(Amazon and Ebay), then it will find your site or product and click to view your site or product page. All the operate are made and move like people to do this base on your settings. Here's a list of running a blog methods for beginners. Every blogger should have a list of suggestions and points to do. 1. Begin by composing something EVERY solitary time. The more you create, the better you'l 

Are you constantly banging your head in frustration on not receiving all the internet traffic you would like to get to your web site[1]?  Are you tormented from information overload listening to all the latest free website traffic tactics and not being able to understand any of it? Are you dejected of people trying day and night to harassing you to max out your credit card and get loans for Google clicks, and in the process loose your credit score? Are you stupefied by the way your website just dropped out of the Google search results? Or are you just too broke and all you have to rely on is getting 

Content marketing or promotion of your blog is one of the most critical activities of a digital marketer. You have written your blog after doing all the efforts &amp; all the required research. But if it does not reach the right audience at the right time, all your efforts would have been wasted. Two ways to increase the visibility of your blog are to write better &amp; to promote better.  Write Better Use catchy headlines. Headlines can make or break your content. David Ogilvy, a British Advertisement Tycoon, once said, "On the average, five times as many people read the headlines as reading the body of 

5 Killer Tips That Will Amplify Traffic On Your Blogs All the bloggers in the world want to have more and more traffic on their blogs. There are plenty of ways by which you can do that. Here are few tricks that will help you in achieving more than your targets.  #1 Provide your visitors with consistencyThe most important factor that will increase traffic is the consistency of the readers on your blog. You can adopt for daily topic systems, daily tricks, and tips or any other thing that comes to your mind. After that, you will see a sudden increase in your traffic. Make sure that you post often o 

Which blog platform is better to use to make some additional income: WordPress or Blogger?
WordPress is definitely way better than Blogger. I’ve been into blogging for more than a decade. And I’ve used all kinds of blogging platforms including Blogger, WordPress and so on. But when it comes to professional blogging where you’re looking for ways to make money from blogging, WordPress gives you wider options. Blogger is great for beginners. If you want to blog for hobby, Blogger is great for you. But if you want to make money, go for WordPress. So when it comes to Blogger Vs WordPress, WordPress wins the race! But here’s the thing: there are two kinds of WordPress options available. Blog To

If you are starting a website or a blog, choosing the right platform for it is essential. After you create a beautiful site, you don’t want to realize that the platform doesn’t work for you and you have to start all over again. Even though it is possible to migrate your website, it’s best to evaluate your needs and do a little planning beforehand, to save yourself some time and the hassle later. Below, I will reflect on two leading platforms that allow you to create blogs.  Let’s take a look at WordPress Wordpress is one of the most powerful content management systems (CMS’s ) that powers approxim 

I have the experience of working in both Blogger and WordPress. Initially, I started with Blogger around 7 years ago and used it for around 2–3 years. If you are beginner in blogging world and want to get used to with fundamentals of blogging, then Blogger is the best place to start with. To use Blogger, you don’t need any sophisticated skills. Some of Blogger’s Pros and Cons are follows: Pros: Extremely easy to use and navigate through different sectionsYou don’t need to pay for any hosting or domain name; it’s completely freeUploading theme and modifying layout is easy even for beginnerAutomati

Which blogging platform is better? This is a very frequent question that strikes in everybody's mind when it comes to starting a blog. So let us have a look at comparison of two famous blogging platforms that are “Blogger” and “Wordpress”. Blogger It was established by Pyra Labs in 1999 and in 2003 Google acquired it. By 2006 every account was associated with Google’s server, making the platform more trustworthy. Difference between Blogger and Blogspot Before we move for any comparison, how about we clear up any confusion with respect to the terms Blogger and BlogSpot. Blogger is a free publishing  

If you are actually interested in making some additional income then you’ll want to do things right the first time. The best way to make an additional income is to buy a domain and use the free version of Wordpress to create a website/blog. This is the way to do it as it gives you complete ownership of your platform and allows you to sign up to display advertisers. The two most popular and easiest ways to make money from a blog are Display advertising (Google Adsense, Mediavine, etc)Affiliate marketing (Amazon Associates, ShareAsale, etc)Buying a domain should cost about $20 a year and hosting wil 

Hey, When we talk about the WordPress vs Blogger, the obvious question is raised that’s what one should for his blogging career? The WordPress or the Blogger? Many people ask me what should they choose as the perfect blogging platform? Let me explain about myself. I have two blogs on Blogger. Though they not convert well but still it’s okay for me. Because I learn a lot of from there. Last year I moved from Blogger to self-hosted WordPress blog. And, it was one of the hardest decision for me. Because, when I moved on self-hosted WordPress blog, I hadn’t enough money to spend on domain &amp; hosting,  

Original Source: Wordpress vs Blogger-Which one to Choose? (Pros and Cons) - THEAVERGAEMIND Blogger (BlogSpot) and WordPress are two different and well established blogging platforms.Thousands of new Blogs and websites are made everyday on these platforms and “Should I use WordPress or Blogger for my blog?” is one of the frequently asked questions from newbies. The Good news is there are Hundred of Blogs making it easier for you to choose between both of them and the bad news is that there is no easy answer to this question. because:The Best Platform really depends on your priorities, needs an 

I started my first blog on blogger because it is the easist platform on which to set a blog. Everything has been set out and you can have it up and running in no time. If you are a startup blogger trying to find your niche, this is the perfect platform Unfortunately, it never has that professional look and you don’t have much freedom with the feel and look. Even as I ran my blogpost, I was always trying to set up a parralel blog on WordPress but I always gave up. Having been used to blogger, navigating WordPress as a newbie was a bit tricky. All this changed when I decided to become self hosted. 

When it comes to blogging platform there are so many options are available like, BlogspotWixWordPress etc.But most recent question is who is better WordPress or Blogger?  Before that what to search for in your Blog platform? Before will discus in details about WordPress vs. Blogger comparison, let’s move to some important factors to consider for when choosing a blog platform. Ease of use: We need easy user friendly platform to use. Which is quickly set up. And grow blog ASAS.Monetization options: If you want to make money online with your blog? Then you need to choose a best platform which has many

Income is nothing to do with the platform WordPress &amp; Blogger. Your income is directly affected by what kind of content you are publishing and how much quality content you are generating to drive quality traffic. There is a lot of difference between WordPress and Blogger. If we Compare WordPress and Blogger then WordPress had many features which blogger do not have which makes WP better than Google Blogger. Both of the platforms have some Pros and Cons which we cannot deny.  Pros and Cons of WordPress Advantages of Using WordPress A lot of Customization OptionsCan use Plugins to enhance functionalit

How do I start affiliated marketing as a beginner?
Why does affiliate marketing work?
Yes, it still works. Affiliate marketing is working, has been working and will continue to work. Below are 10 reason why businesses still use and will continue to use Affiliate Marketing 1. Hand pick your partners As a retailer, you can pick who you choose to work with. Affiliates apply to come onboard your affiliate program, providing you with the opportunity to assess their suitability and hand pick those who can be the best ambassadors for your brand and products. 2. Targeted traffic All traffic is not created equal. If you sell spa products, for example, you don’t want to waste your advertisin 

The efforts involved with affiliate marketing are actually quite simple, and they don’t need to take up your entire day. Many affiliate marketers operate their business in a different way than I do, but I’ll let you know what efforts are involved with my own methods. First and foremost, you’ll want to find a product category you believe in and focus on it. You don’t want to spread your affiliate marketing out too much, and by focusing on one specific product category, you’ll be able to pinpoint audiences to market to and establish yourself as a trusted source on a particular subject. If you spr 

Definitly. Affiliate marketing still works perfectly fine, but things online have become much more competitive than when affiliate marketing first started out nearly 20 years ago. Affiliate marketing[1] is still a good way to make money online, but the rules have changed in recent years. Today's successful online entrepreneurs have figured out how to make affiliate marketing work more effectively so their efforts bring the results they want. How do they do it? Make Affiliate Marketing Work For You The best way to make affiliate marketing work effectively is to increase the exposure of your affiliate 

I know that affiliate marketing can work. But I also know that it ain’t easy. Having struggled for years, even to make a single commission, I know how hard it is to make money with affiliate marketing. But it doesn’t have to be. Like anything, we can make things hard for ourselves because of a lack of knowledge and application. Any business is hard if you go into it without any knowledge. Affiliate marketing is a wide open business which anyone can ‘have a go at’. That makes the drop out rate and failure rate much higher. Plus, the people ‘selling’ affiliate marketing as an “easy win” don’t make 

How Affiliate Marketing Works As an affiliate, you are paid for performance. Here’s are the different types of performance-based models common to affiliate marketing: Pay Per Click or PPC – where an affiliate gets paid for all the valid clicks generated regardless if it made sales or leads.Pay Per Lead or PPL – where companies pay a fixed commission for every qualified action that it generated. This action could be Installation, Online Form Submission, Free Trial, Short Survey and many others.Pay Per Sale or PPS – where companies pay a percentage of all sales that are qualified. These could be a 

Affiliate marketing is proven to work but it isn’t absolutely clear that everyone will succeed with affiliate marketing. Either you must have excellent knowledge and skills to carry out a productive business or you will get professional training in affiliate marketing. In any case, commitment and determination in your work are needed. Affiliate marketing is basically a 4-step method and when you follow the steps properly you will succeed. Step 1: Choose An Interest Or Passion: Make Your Hobby A Moneymaker The interest, in this case, will be the topic of your website. The website can be anything  

This is a near and dear subject to me as I got my start 20 years ago in affiliate marketing, and to this day still derive revenue from my partnerships. A lot of commenters here will say either “yes” or “no” and my guess is none of them have been insanely profitable like I have. It doesn’t make me cool, I just know what I’m talking about because I’ve been in the industry for so long. Affiliate marketing is entirely dependent on your efforts and ability to drive traffic to an offer at a cost lower than your payout. I could end this answer right here because you only asked if it “works”. Yeah, it wo 

For businesses? Absolutely. Here’s why affiliate marketing is a great choice for businesses, especially startups. 1. You’re only paying for results. For startups, running on a minimal budget is key — and marketing is a good place to cut costs. The best part about affiliate marketing is that if your affiliates aren’t bringing in sales, you aren’t giving them a dime. You’re only paying when your affiliates get you customers. It’s a relatively low risk form of marketing. 2. You can have multiple streams of revenue. You aren’t stuck with just one affiliate trying to sell your business. You can take on a 

 Why does affiliate marketing work? Indeed, it actually works. Associate showcasing is working, has been working and will keep on working. The following are 10 motivation behind why organizations actually use and will keep on utilizing Affiliate Marketing 1. Hand pick your accomplices As a retailer, you can pick who you decide to work with. Subsidiaries apply to come locally available your offshoot program, giving you the chance to evaluate their appropriateness and hand pick the individuals who can be the best represetatives for your image and items. 2. Directed traffic All traffic isn't made equiv 

Yes affiliate marketing does work!!! My favorite type is CPA Marketing. Meaning Click per Action!! You get paid when someone performs a action to your offer. Simple as entering their email address and signing up. Here is an example of a “paid survey job”i made HERE I get paid $2.40 for each email submit. THESE ARE THE STEPS TO AFFILIATE MARKETING Find a niche / offer to promote- The best niches to promote in are wealth,health, relationships.Build a landing page.- You will need to make a landing page for your offer. Many sites such as Facebook will not allow you to promote the raw affiliate link.

How do I get free traffic and sales for affiliate marketing?
How can an affiliate program help?
What are good places to post affiliate links?
I will answer your question, but this point must be made…. You can’t just post the affiliate link anywhere. That’s a fact! You might think I’m insulting your intelligence but people do this a lot. And I will admit, I did it when I started. Fortunately I learned and I’m hoping to prevent all others who intend well from making the same mistake. Unfortunately a great deal of affiliates post their affiliate links all over the place. Especially on social media. Just because you think a product is awesome, doesn’t mean others are going to immediately click that link and buy! So posting affiliate links s 

There are several ways where you can place your affiliate links and earn a good commission through your affiliate links by promoting the right products in a right way: You could place it on pages or articles of your site/blog, in which you talk/test your affiliate products. This is the easiest way to start making money for an affiliate newbie and so it is for someone with an intermediate or advanced level.If you prefer Email Marketing because you have a long list of subscribers, you could place your affiliate link in the emails you send to this list and in which you promote your products.If you

Here are 9 alternative methods to make money online using affiliate marketing without having a website or blog: Social Media Channels: This option has the most choices for affiliate marketers looking to make money online without a website or blog. Social media channels include Facebook, Instagram, Youtube, Twitter, Reddit, Pinterest, Vine Camera, LinkedIn, Google+, Tumblr, Flickr, Meetup and Classmates. Several of these platforms allow you to place your own affiliate links on your posts, comments, and profiles. The key to this option is to know the rules of marketing on each platform (by readin

What are good places to post affiliate links? This is a good question because you want to make sure that the links you put up are high quality and effective. In addition, if you post your links in forums where people are always asking questions and requesting solutions, they may well end up seeing your link and being turned off by it. This is the same as having your link on a site that is filled with spam. Therefore, it's very important to remove any link that doesn't work. * Put your affiliate links in their own webpage in the resources section. * Put your affiliate links in your signature on a fo 

Hello There are many free and paid methods to promote your affiliate link. Below I have given a few options where you can promote your affiliate link. 1. Blog Post Starting us off is one of the easiest avenues to use to promote your affiliate links. Having a blog has several benefits that include making money. You can easily add an affiliate link throughout any of your blog posts. 2. Facebook There are millions of people who log onto Facebook every day. If you don’t have your own personal page, you may want to have a business page or group. This is an easy way to promote your affiliate link to thous 

What are some clever ideas to share your affiliate links? Focusing on showing your link as a process to grab attention is a waste of time and money. More time and money is wasted on so calls instant income displaying your link without a bride page in front to collect data to follow-up. The definition of insanity is believed to be doing the same thing over and over expecting a different result. Ask any of the 94% that fail to earn any income online following that advice how did that workout? Top Earners focus on solving problems first and to make an impact on the visitors who raise their hands th 

This will depend on the niche of your blog in my experience the traffic analytics for most of my affiliate domains suggest that most visitors read the first 200–300 words of the article, get to the comparison table and then click an affiliate link so I prioritize links in that area. One of my other blogs is much more technical so more people tend to read the whole article so I still have the 200–300 words, a comparison table, but I also put more links in the rest of the article too. So far its working well, I managed to make almost $6500 last month from my affiliate blogs and I am planning on s 

That’s a very general question. So, the best I can do is to give you and general answer and explain why. The answer is “a blog.” There are multiple reasons I say this. 1) Many affiliate networks and social media platforms do not allow you to post straight affiliate links (a.k.a. do “direct linking”). It is considered spam and could get your accounts shut down. 2) Having a blog allows you to get ranked in the search engines and to build an e-mail list. This is great because getting ranked in the search engines allows your income to become residual. You’re able to post content once but continue t 

Best way to Promote Affiliate links ! There are different platform you can use to promote your affiliate links. Best approach is a Website, If you have your own website which describes the product and services you are trying to promote. Try to add catchy and interactive CTA on the important pages of your website which may lead to generate great traffic from your affiliate link. If you don’t have your own website and you are great in writing Blogs. There are websites who provides you an opportunity to write your own blogs using there websites and with some interesting content you can place your af 

The best place to post affiliate links is on your own website.  It's a much better long term strategy because you are building an asset you fully control.  Posting affiliate links on other sites is often seen as spamming, your links will often get deleted or flagged.  Many times it's also against the terms of the affiliate program to post your links on sites that are not yours. Doing so will get you banned.  So focus on building a site where you will post your links on. Next you send traffic to your site. There are many ways to do that, both free and paid.  If you want to generate traffic from othe 

How can I start affiliate marketing? Can someone please tell the step by step affiliate marketing? Is it mandatory to have a website for affiliate marketing? How can I start earning from affiliate marketing?
I can help you with that but this may be a lengthy post with me doing so. First, let’s start with what affiliate marketing is and then we’ll go from there. What is Affiliate Marketing The easiest explanation for the question, “what is affiliate marketing” is that it’s getting paid for telling people about a service or product that they were most likely going to use anyway. That’s the explanation I use when talking to friends and family. If they don’t get it, then I tell them about the time I got paid for mentioning a specific company when they needed a product or services. (yes, I do promote to f 

All very good questions! To answer your first question, my advice is that you should find a teacher or a training program to get your started in affiliate marketing. Yes, you can do your own research, but why not hear it from the highly successful themselves (at least the ones that teach). I’m speaking from experience on this and I made money based on my mentor’s course. But you will eventually have to take the leap and start promoting on your own. You will need to decide on what niche to promote to. A niche is a specialized market, a group of people with common interests/goals, etc… For example,  

Affiliate marketing is promoting other people’s products and getting a commission for it. You do not need a website. The only time I’ve tried websites, I have failed. Not to say you can’t earn with a website, you ABSOLUTELY can, it just didn’t work for me. I have a simple step by step system I use over and over. 1) Find Niche. 2) Do Deep market research. You need to really understand your market, their psychology and mindset. 3) Find a product to link to them. 4) Create a squeeze page. Remember it should be tied into the offer on the back end. After they opt-in, create a landing page that sells the  

Affiliate marketing in simple words, is promoting other people's products and earning a commission on each sale made.No, you do not need a website, but its better to have a website for 2 reasons.1. Instead of sending the visitor to a sales page directly, you can first bring them to your website where you have a nice and decent product review.Think of this like softening the target customer, laying a foundation.2. When you bring people to your website, you can try and get their email id etc, which you can later use in future, to send emails etc about other similar products.This will save y 

To succeed in affiliate marketing, there are a number of crucial steps you must take before you earn that first affiliate profits. And these steps are, well … not passive. So, what do you need to do to get started? Following this guide will set you on the right course and have you earning your first commission in no time. 1. Choose a Niche Before you even begin building your first site, you’ll need to decide which niche you’re going to target. Some key questions to ask yourself when determining your niche are: What topics am I already passionate about?Is there money in this niche?What topic could I

The best way to start making money from affiliate programs is to promote products / services with some form of recurring income so that a single sale is automatically repeated perhaps on a monthly basis and get regular money from one customer. Continue to do this and you will soon build up a good income. The other essential advice to implement is to capture email addresses by giving away free information. In this way you can market to this person and make repeated sales. Just think of a favourite shop. Once you know the quality of the product, you keep coming back. For those who fear that onlin 

Affiliate marketing step by step Affiliate marketing considered today the best business for anybody to start. Beginner friendly and It can be done with no skills.  I’ll try to make it as simple as possible What is affiliate marketing meaning? It's all about that you sell other people's products and get a commission. Let us give you an example: ''if I want you to sell a health and fitness product. and I don't want to spend money on ads. What I will do? I will offer let us say 30% commission of the average sale of the product for an affiliate who will sell it instead of me. '' What do I mean by commis 

What Is Affiliate Marketing? Affiliate marketing is the process by which an affiliate earns a commission for marketing another person’s or company’s products. The affiliate simply searches for a product they enjoy, then promotes that product and earns a piece of the profit from each sale they make. The sales are tracked via affiliate links from one website to another.How Does Affiliate Marketing Work? Because affiliate marketing works by spreading the responsibilities of product marketing and creation across parties, it manages to leverage the abilities of a variety of individuals for a more eff 

Affiliate marketing is one of the best ways to make money online. Instead of creating your own product, dealing with your own customers, you can sell other people's products and services and make money. I'm a big believer in being able to see the big picture so that you can do the little things that are going to allow you to get to the end result. So this picture you see in front of you is just a picture of how this process works to profit.  Driving traffic is our number one goal as affiliate marketers. We're going to be figuring out sophisticated ways of driving traffic to a squeeze page, and that 

There are so many ways to get started with affiliate marketing and I will list the easiest ways to get started that do not have any barriers to entry. Amazon AffiliatesThis has to be the easiest way to get started and all you need to do is sign up for an account &amp; simply find products to advertise and start promoting the link. Also, whenever someone clicks on your affiliate link for Amazon, that person has 24 hours to buy anything and you will also get a commission. So even if you were promoting a book for example and they didn’t buy it, but they later when to buy a kitchen pan within 24 hours  

What are the top 10 best affiliate marketing strategies?
Where can I get best free Affiliate Marketing Course?
The best affiliate marketing course for a beginner or anyone for that matter can be any course. Let me explain… When it comes down to it any courses can produce successful results. You just need to take action by applying what is taught and stay consistent with it. I find most people have the skill and knowledge to be successful with affiliate marketing; but what they’re lacking is taking consistent action. Instead they’re in a cycle of trying to learn more and take more courses in hopes of finding a solution that will make them rich overnight. There is no get rich quick scheme with affiliate mar 

There's a lot to learn if you want to become a successful affiliate marketer. Things like: How to choose your niche?How to build your email list?What are the best affiliate programs to promote?What are the different traffic sources you can send to your offers?Sure, there's a lot of information out there about these topics if you just Google or search for it on Quora. But what if there was a comprehensive affiliate marketing training that teaches you not only the fundamentals, but advanced affiliate marketing strategies as well? Oh yeah, and it's completely free. Luckily there is such a course, and  

You’re not going to get a comprehensive course on affiliate marketing for free. There’s too much work involved in creating a course and years of experience have to be distilled into easily digested lessons for someone to hand that over fro free. That said, there are free introductory courses available that are worth following as they give a good grounding in what affiliate marketing entails. Attending/watching free courses is also a great way of assessing the teacher. Not every teacher/mentor will resonate with you. You can also assess their personality, teaching style and expertise before you h 

Hello friends, 10 Best + Free Affiliate Marketing Courses, Training, Classes, Programs and Tutorials Online [2020] 1. Free Affiliate Marketing Courses 2. ClickBank Success – Affiliate Marketing Without A Website (Udemy) 3. Complete Digital Marketing Course – 12 Courses in 1 (Udemy) 4. Affiliate Marketing &amp; SEO Mastery Course [Clickbank, CPA, Amazon] 5. Affiliate Marketing for Beginners: Start Successful Home Business 6. Learn how to Build High Quality Affiliate Websites (Udemy) 7. Affiliate Marketing for a Living: Complete Blogging Training Level 1, 2 &amp; 3 8. Amazon Affiliate Marketing + SEO | 250+ Vide 

Hi, great question, and thanks for sharing it on this platform so that others can benefit in finding the best free training on affiliate marketing. I’ve been on online affiliate marketer since 2014, and have joined many courses along the way. I know how difficult it can be to stay up to date with the latest affiliate courses when you’re just starting out and on a low budget. The great thing is, I’ve found a really great free affiliate marketing course, that is perfect for aspiring marketers with have little to no money to get started. In the video below, I share one of my top recommended free affi 

You may find my “How To” Guide to Affiliate Marketing of use. Here’s what it covers (in more than 50 easily-digestible posts): Introduction Definition of Affiliate MarketingDefinition of AffiliatePayment Options Across Different Affiliate NetworksTypes of Affiliates or How to Get Into Affiliate MarketingAffiliate Websites — Types and ExamplesAffiliate Marketing and FundraisingAdSense &amp; Affiliate Marketing: Conflicting or Complimentary?What are the Most Profitable Niches?Most Effective Affiliate Marketing StrategyTurn-Key Solutions for AffiliatesWhy You Must Learn to Play Without the BallTop 30 A

Lots of affiliate courses or guides are available on YouTube. I recommend Frank Hatchett’s videos, he has a paid course Savage Affiliates that is also very good and only $197. But his regular free videos are on his YouTube channel. Check it out. Another excellent resource is Matt Diggity who runs Homepage (the link isn’t showing but it’s diggitymarketing. com) who is an SEO expert (which you need to learn to succeed in affiliate marketing honestly). His course the Affiliate Lab is pretty expensive but you can get a ton of free info at his site as mentioned. Just be careful a lot of affiliate “in 

You depend on the sort of affiliate marketing that you would like to do. There are tons of different lessons available. You may sign up to websites like Skillshare for free and gain access to tens of thousands of unique courses. Each class concentrates on another source you may use to achieve success. Some resources work for a few affiliates, and a few do not. It would help if you discovered those that do. You May likewise do Wealthy Affiliates that has an entirely free internet affiliate marketing course based around blogging. There's also a superior option available should you have to find o 

I Promote programs what are related to Home, garden, finance and etc.. Everything what people buy online and things what people really need. How to find what people really need? I use keyword volume plugin what demonstrate how many searches people are doing for exact keyword:  About marketing this programs: All depends on your budget. If you do not have much money left on your pocket then it’s better to start affiliate marketing as hobby and find job. If you have some money for next 3–4 months then you can start learning and testing digital marketing strategy. Affiliate marketing it’s not so easy so  

I agree with Patrick, there are a lot of places you can learn affiliate marketing for free. In fact I have an entire website devoted to affiliate marketing and affiliate marketing training. But as far as free platforms go, be careful. This is one of the areas where new people can be taken advantage of. A common trick is to offer free training that’s little more than the basics you could get anywhere. But once you build a website and it’s not producing the income you were promised they offer the “guaranteed” solution for a small fee. And once you pay that, they have you hooked because if you re 

Which is the best affiliate marketing program? What is your experience?
What is the best way to learn about affiliate marketing in 2021?
How do I advertise a ClickBank affiliate link without having a website?
 The very best way to promote your direct ClickBank affiliate link without a website is to not do it at all. Let me explain… But let me address your question first. You can advertise a direct ClickBank affiliate link without having a website by using Bing Ads because they’ll let you send traffic directly to a third party affiliate offer from an ad, whereas Google Adwords will not. But here’s the problem with that. When you send paid traffic directly to an offer through your affiliate link, you only get one shot at making a sale to that visitor. A better and more profitable way to market ClickBank,  

If you don't have an own website or don't know to deal with website hosting and building. Don't worry you can still promote the ClickBank products without a website. Article marketing Search useful keywords using any one keyword planning tools like Google Adwords'. This tool will help you to find the highly searched term or phrases by the internet users on the web. So, you have work on to relate these phrases to your product features. List out the set of keywords and write maximum 10 articles related to that keywords. The articles should be simple and short with no more than 600 words. Don't overthi 

If you’re curious about affiliate marketing but hesitant because you don’t have an internet site or blog, we’ve got some excellent news for you. Just inspect the subsequent four simple solutions. confine mind, though, that the simplest thanks to succeeding is thru a mixture of platforms, including an internet site and blog. Consider the subsequent methods of great ways to urge started! I will be answering here how do i advertise a clickbank affiliate link without having a website. There are many ways to realize success as an affiliate marketer without an internet site. As we discussed, four of 

If you don't have an own website or don't know to deal with website hosting It doesn’t matter, I am here to help you. You can still able to promote your Clickbank affiliate link without any website. Digital Media Buying Digital media buying is the process of purchasing placements for advertisements on websites, search engines, and mobile apps. It is the highest form of promotion without a website. It is also the most expensive. There are several ways to buy digital media. For affiliate marketers, two popular ways are buying Facebook ads and Google ads. You can also buy native ads and learn about  

This is the question I have been studying for one year, after trying about 38 different ways, these are the 4 Best Converting Ways I found: If you have money to spendBing ads. Google ads are great if you know what you are doing and have money to invest, but they are expensive. Bing is Cheaper, end of story and even though it has much less searches than google, they still amount to Billions, so don’t worry your ad will be seen as much as you can afford to pay…Facebook ads. They are the most well targeted to your audience. If you want to promote a dog training course for ladies in their 50 having

I would strongly recommend against advertising a Clickbank affiliate link without having a landing page on your website for it. There are several reasons for this. For one, if you try to advertise on Facebook, and you send traffic directly to the affiliate, they will most likely not approve your ad or, if your ad somehow slips through the bots, it will be caught later on. You may even get your ad account shut down. Facebook requires you to have a landing page with valuable content that doesn’t violate their own Community Standards. Moreover, if you want to get customers from Facebook to purchase yo 

You can advertise your clickBank affiliate links even without a website by using any of the following methods below or even all if you want to. The methods below are very effective ways of marketing affiliate links 1. Join Forums and participate in discussions This is where you meet plenty curious buyers and interested people asking questions and dropping comments. You can answer their questions and join discussions about the product you promote. 2. Become a Niche Influencer and Leverage the Power of an Influencer Influencers have more authentic relationships with their followers. They can effecti 

There are so many ways that you can advertise Clickbank products without a website. In this answer I am going to touch upon the most common ways that you can make money promoting Clickbank products without the hassle of setting up a website. One of the most important things that you should have in mind when promoting Clickbank products is that, regardless of type of product you are looking to promote, you must make sure that you pick two things. 1. The Right Audience to which you send your chosen product’s traffic. 2. The Right Platform from which you are going to advertise those. In fact, this  

 I feel thankful for your query, against your questions there will be waiting for very informative questions. From my research firstly, Affiliate Marketers need to have a well-optimized website. That gives you positivity for the go-ahead with the affiliate's platform. But if you are not interested or you don’t have any websites you can also continue. There are multiples ways for your job. By paying up money or without investing money you can get facilities from these. So let’s discuss firstly paid ways:  Using Bing Ads:Google advertisements are excellent if you know what you're doing and have the ca 

You can promote or advertise affiliate link in many ways without website: 1)You can write a review blog on weebly, tumblr, hubpages or squidoo about the product you are going to promote and put your affiliate link inside the review.2)You can make a nice video about the product you are going to promote through affiliate link and upload the video on You tube and Daily motion with your affiliate link in description.3)You can make presentation and post it on slide share and put your affiliate link in the presentation.4)You can put your affiliate link on social media sites mentioning about some d 

What is the best affiliate course ever?
How difficult is affiliate marketing?
Affiliate marketing is very very difficult and almost impossible for anyone to do it. Most of the marketers TRY to present you the affiliate marketing as a paradise and a way to earn millions and quick. In fact they present it as a very easy and profitable business to lure you and convince you to purchase their products. The affiliate marketing niche is full of scams and none of these people really care to help you and teach the secrets of how to learn and sell products. None of the marketers never say that to become an affiliate marketer needs lots of money and in some cases is not worth to sp 

Guide for Beginners: Affiliate Marketing Success - How to Make Money Online Affiliate marketing has become a successful business model for many entrepreneurs, bloggers, and marketers. If you're just starting, the idea of affiliate marketing might sound a very interesting topic for your business. Attention! Just because it's a lucrative market, it doesn't mean that you should just jump into it without any idea whatsoever. You're setting yourself up for failure if you do! Instead, before you can profit from affiliate marketing, it's important to understand what's it about, how it works, who the maj 

1000'S people come on the Internet everyday and join affiliate marketing. Most are looking for ways to make an income. They are lured by advertising saying that they can make money overnight, make 1000's per week or become rich. Affiliate Marketing is easy free etc etc Nothing can be further from the truth A great majority do not have any experience. They join an affiliate business, spam a few people. Talk to friends ,Neighbours. advertise in facebook groups and they invest their hard earn money without any experience Suddenly they are affiliate marketers . What happens next?? They to not know whe 

I do not believe that affiliate marketing is hard. I believe that affiliate marketing is SIMPLE, but not easy. It looks easy, but there are many steps involved. There is lot of information available explaining how to build an affiliate marketing business. Be wary of anything offering quick, easy riches. There are a handful of steps to follow when starting an affiliate marketing business. 1. An affiliate finds another company’s product or service that they want to sell on their blog/website/podcast. 2. The affiliate marketer creates a blog, a website or a podcast providing interesting, valuable, us 

If you prioritize money over everything, then affiliate marketing will be extra difficult. As much as I've seen individuals gain success through affiliate marketing, I've also seen a lot of them fail. Here's the usual scenario: Person thinks affiliate marketing can earn him easy money. Prioritizes products or affiliate programs that give high commissions. Same products or affiliate programs are subpar or low quality. Person forces to promote the product everywhere: blog, social media, email. Since the person is after the money, the person implements shady and spam tactics. Some readers buy the produc 

 Affiliate marketing is only difficult for people who want quick overnight wealth. It all depends on how seriously you take this business and how willing you are to learn the basics and topics to make it successful. 97% of the affiliates do not generate the expected results because they do not have an effective marketing system to promote those products. Most simply spam on social networks and forums instead of following a plan that allows them to invest money in advertising to generate hundreds or thousands of daily visitors to a marketing system that allows them to convert that investment into  

Hi there, Yes, and no. Which probably isn’t the answer you where looking for, but it’s not that straight forward. The fundamentals of affiliate marketing are simple and straight forward - I.e you provide a product, that solves a problem, and in return, you are given a commission. That, of course, sounds pretty straight forward and ‘easy’, how hard can it be.. ;) The reality is that the actual putting into practise is much more difficult. You really need to know the following; And it will come down to a number of different things, Product / NicheAn AudienceA platform/place your audience exists (Traffi

I’ve actually worked on the other side of Affiliate Marketing - meaning that I handled Affiliate campaigns for a company that I used to work for - and at the risk of sounding repetitive, yes, Affiliate Marketing is hard. Does that mean it’s impossible? Absolutely not! But it would be a mistake to think that you can just start a website, slap a few affiliate links in there, and start raking in the passive income cash flow (as many online ads would suggest—there really are no “get rich quick” schemes that actually work, and AM is no exception). That being said, there are definitely ways you can be 

Affiliate marketing isn't hard, but like any business venture, it requires knowledge, planning, and consistent effort to make any significant income. Here are some things you can do to insure your venture into affiliate marketing is successful. Start right by learning about affiliate marketing and the steps required to be a success.Choose only quality affiliate products and services. In fact, consider buying them yourself so you can attest to their quality. You'll be judged by the product/services you promote, so don't just focus on the income, but also on the quality.Research the programs so y

The hardest thing is dealing with the failures. Any every affiliate marketer has them. Failures include: Badly researching your intended audience. That might mean you end up targeting the wrong demographic or not realising that while you’ve found exactly the right kind of audience, they just don’t spend money in your niche.Building a website to promote products that just never gets any traction despite your best efforts.Having your website drop in ranking (so less visitors = less sales) because your competition is better at the SEO game or Google tweaks its algorithms again and your site falls f

What is difference between digital marketing and affiliate marketing?
First of all know about What is Affiliate Marketing? Affiliate Marketing is a type of performance marketing strategy that is based on sales and leads. You have affiliates who link to your page. If a visitor buys your product through that particular link, you give the affiliate a certain percentage of that sale. Advantage of Affiliate Marketing The biggest advantage of Affiliate Marketing is that it has minimum risk as you only pay for the work. You can also measure which links work and which don’t, which can help you to determine your future strategy with respect to your affiliate marketers. In sim 

 I want to send you Thank you so much for your demand curve questions. These two-part which is Digital Marketing &amp; Affiliate Marketing actually very trendy part. Normally digital marketing is a larger &amp; vital part that plays a big role in online marketing. Affiliate marketing falls under digital marketing or that is part. But obviously, there exist few differences between them. They follow variations for their Algorithms &amp; tricks. Right this time I want to provide clarification about these two platforms. Digital Marketing Depth Concept:  Anything about marketing that can be online or support by digit 

Difference between Affiliate Marketing and Digital Marketing. Affiliate Marketing is a type of performance marketing strategy that is based on sales and leads. You have affiliates who link to your page. If a visitor buys your product through that particular link, you give the affiliate a certain percentage of that sale Difference between Affiliate Marketing and Digital Marketing Affiliate Marketing is a type of performance marketing strategy that is based on sales and leads. You have affiliates who link to your page. If a visitor buys your product through that particular link, you give the affil 

Both are used for the same purpose but one is for making money another one is a marketing strategy. Now comes to discussing it in broad. Affiliate Marketing is a type of performance marketing, is based on leads and sales. You have affiliates who link to your page. There is the biggest advantage of Affiliate Marketing is that it have low risk as you only pay for the work. You can also check which links work and which don’t and which can help you to determine your strategy with respect to your affiliate marketers. The Affiliate Marketing Concept is based on revenue sharing.  Benefits of Affiliate M 

The main difference between internet marketing and Affiliate marketing:- Internet Marketing- Internet Marketing (also known as e-mail marketing, web marketing, online marketing or digital marketing) is a complete word for marketing products and services online. Affiliate Marketing- Affiliate marketing is a part of digital marketing. It is the method of earning a commission by promoting other company's products. You find a product you like, promote it to others and earn a part of the profit for each sale that you make. Advantage of Affiliate Marketing The biggest advantage of Affiliate Marketing is 

Digital marketing refers to advertising delivered through digital channels such as search engines, websites, social media, email, and mobile apps. Digital marketing is one of the most commonly used types of a marketing campaign in existence today; one of the reasons why that so has to do with the fact that so many people spend so much time on the Internet. Digital marketing includes advertising on websites, content marketing, social media marketing and anything that you do within the digital spac Digital marketing is vital for modern businesses because the internet plays a significant role in how 

Digital marketing involves marketing your product or service digitally with the help of several strategies, for example Social media marketingBlog writingSEO (Search Engine Optimization)Oline advertisingYou can also use Google analytics and keyword research for your digital marketing needs or go for data mining and lead generation strategy. Even you can use video marketing on YouTube and different other websites in order to promote your product. In one word digital marketing involves all the strategies required to promote your product or service digitally over the internet.  On the other hand, Af 

Essentially, as an affiliate marketer you would be promoting and selling other peoples products and services. In exchange for doing so, you will earn a predetermined percentage commission for each product you sell. Running an ecommerce business is a bit different. You would actually be selling your own products and services (or becoming a reseller) and you set the prices to keep whatever profits you’re able to obtain. In fact, if you decide to take the ecommerce route, you can actually recruit affiliate marketers to promote your business for you! Obviously, there are some advantages and disadv 

Both are used for the same purpose but one is for making money another one is a marketing strategy. Now comes to discussing it in broad. Affiliate Marketing is a type of performance marketing, is based on leads and sales. You have affiliates who link to your page. There is the biggest advantage of Affiliate Marketing is that it have low risk as you only pay for the work. You can also check which links work and which don’t and which can help you to determine your strategy with respect to your affiliate marketers. The Affiliate Marketing Concept is based on revenue sharing.  Benefits of Affiliate M 

Affiliate Marketing is completely a different thing but it is a part of Digital Marketing. You will understand the concept by reading this.. Digital marketing is the marketing of products or services using digital technologies, mainly on the internet. Digital marketing is a very broad term and it consists various types which helps businesses to promote their products or services. These are:- Search Engine OptimizationEmail MarketingContent MarketingSocial Media MarketingAffiliate MarketingGoogle AdwordsNative Ads ETC...Hence, you know that Affiliate Marketing comes under Digital Marketing. Now I w 

What are the best products to sell online as an affiliate?
How can you learn affiliate marketing?
 Affiliate Marketing Simple but that's base on the way you approach it. The best approach is to find a Profitable Niche before you even think about promoting a product. Because if you really make it in Affiliate Marketing in 2019. So today Your gonna learn how to find a profitable niche in affiliate marketing. Step- By- Step In fact, the step by step process am about to share with you have helped me find the most profitable niche and products to promote in affiliate marketing. And thanks to this step by step process I was able to Find out what keywords are the most profitable in a specific niche and  

 Basics- Everything you need to know about Affiliate marketing Affiliate marketing has become one of the most popular ways to make money online, but what is it exactly? Simply put, affiliate marketing is a method of making an income by which you advertise other people’s prod-ucts and services. As an affiliate marketer, you will set up a blog or website which you will use to display advertisements provided to you by the companies which you represent. Each time a sale is made through your affiliate site or blog, you are paid a commission. Depending on the popularity and success of both your website 

There are number of ways where you can learn affiliate marketing. It’s always good to start with Affiliate Marketing when you are completely new to the online marketing world. As with affiliate marketing you don’t have to Create the ProductTake care of the supportThink about the refundsShipping and many other hurdlesAll you need to do is just promote the products using unique link. However there are many people says affiliate marketing is saturating and there is ton of competition, but this all depends on how much motivated are you and it has to be done in right away. There is so much of informa 

I’d recommend, since, if you’re just beginning, get course from someone who is successful at it. Why reinvent the wheel and why waste time on the learning curve? So you don’t spend a lot of money learning the landscape, get inexpensive Amazon Kindle books but make sure you read the customer reviews before your purchase decision. Next, make a list of interesting areas that appeal to you and decide on a niche. Since you’ll be writing a lot of short essays, perhaps 100’s on the subject, it’s better to be in an arena that can hold your interest. Then research websites and affiliate offers that are pr 

These are the most asked questions for affiliate marketing Is affiliate marketing still working?Can you make money with affiliate marketing?Is it possible for the average person to make as much as a full-income from home? These are the few "frequently asked questions" I get every day from people who are sick and tired of their daily job or want to add an extra income source but are skeptical and don't want to just jump into anything without doing their due diligence. You might be one of them. This is a GOOD thing. You're very smart to be skeptical. Especially when it comes to the 'make money online' 

The very basic question that everyone who is entering in the Affiliate Marketing field ask, that how can I learn Affiliate Marketing. When I started as a beginner in affiliate marketing, I spent a lot of time researching about: The basics of affiliate marketingHow to Start affiliate marketingDo I need a website for affiliate marketingHow can I do Affiliate Marketing with or without having a blog site.How much money as a beginner I have to invest in affiliate marketingWhat tools do I need for affiliate marketing, the free &amp; premium tools.What is the best Content Strategy, SEO fundamentals &amp; Keyw

Basically, Affiliate marketing is the process of promoting other people's products and earn commissions. Step-By-Step Affiliate marketing Guide: 1) Choose Your Niche - A niche is a specific market you want to go into. This niche will determine the topic of your website and the affiliate products you're going to sell. An excellent way to choose your niche is to think about your passion or hobby. You should already have some knowledge and experience in that area. Also, you have the desire to work in that area. 2) Craft out a plan- For affiliate marketing, the 2 important things you need to plan are 

There are various ways to learn how to do affiliate marketing but you must have one thing you are certain about and that is be sure that affiliate marketing is the nichs you would like to be in. There are many niches out there but you just have to narrow down which one of the niches you want to learn more about. Being an affiliate of course is an easier way to make money but it has a learning curve. Some of this learning is a bit tedious in the beginning but if mastered you can earn a fulltime income in a matter of months. So to your question “How Can you Learn Affiliate Marketing” is not the ri 

There are currently two courses which I’d recommend to anyone who wants to learn affiliate marketing online and make SERIOUS cash online. The best FREE course: Affiliate Outrage by Steve Larsen Stephen Larsen is a six figure entrepreneur and world’s top sales funnel builder who was once working with Russell Brunson who is the founder of ClickFunnels.  He also hosts his own podcast name called Sales Funnel Radio where he shares his expertise about Sales Funnel as well as marketing tips and strategies. Affiliate Outrage is designed for persons who wants to learn about affiliate promoting step by step 

Are you talking about being the creator of the program? If so… Affiliate marketing is just another branch of marketing where sales don’t come from advertising or referrals, but affiliates. The cost you would put to the ads and referrals, you spend it as comissions to affiliates. However, in order to ensure success, you need to have a best-seller. The product or system must be that good and your ads and referral programs should be converting very well already. In other words, affiliate marketing is not a solution if your product or system is not fully proven. Affiliates don’t want to do that work f 

How can I promote my referral affiliate links without a website?
If you are interested to join the affiliate marketing field but hesitant because you don’t have a website or blog, don’t worry. You can do it even if you don’t have these. All you need to do is to follow these easy tips: Promote through Social Media – becoming an affiliate marketer doesn’t really require you to own a blog or website but it does require you to have an online presence. Owning accounts in Facebook or Twitter can be a good start and just as long as you have friends or followers, you can always build an audience who may be inclined to click on any affiliate links that you post. So y 

 Doing affiliate marketing without a website seemed impossible to some people. You can generate thousands of dollars without a website. So it depends on two primary steps, either free traffic or paid traffic. Having a website nowadays in affiliate marketing is unnecessary for beginners. All you need to do is to follow these steps: After deciding what product or service you want to promote, you need traffic, right? So how we could get this traffic to our affiliate links? What we should build first before promoting any product or service? We are going to discuss how to build our landing page and e 

Well. If you haven’t got a website, I recommend:[1] 1.Solo ads, 2.Google adwords (not so easy to use) 3.Quora answers ( this is how I got started making real money online) Other useful tips for affiliate marketers. **Here’s one thing the super affiliates do differently than everyone else: they know how to pick a good product to sell. You see, choosing the wrong affiliate offer can ruin your entire business by destroying your reputation. Do you think your subscribers will still trust you if you recommend a shoddy product or a scamming vendor? Not a chance. That’s why you’ll want to protect your reputatio 

Howdy, There are a number of ways, BUT you will face a lot of competition and obstacles As a note, trying to earn money ‘for free’ is always going to be the wrong mindset, you should always be willing to spend a small amount of money, up to around $100 to get started with affiliate marketing..or if you are serious be willing to spend up to around $300 including training and everything you need to get started with Affiliate Marketing. So, free methods are pretty scarce and as I said will come with a lot of competition. Writing articles on free sites such as Blogger or Medium. You don’t have to pay 

The best way to promote your affiliate links for free, and in the same time get the best results , is in this way, I will give you a practical example. lets assume you want to market a weight loss program, and you have an affiliate link to such product. then do the following steps. 1- Go to any of the following websites : AdvisePedia.com AgentsClub.com 1MillionFreeHit.com CopyPasteJob.com GamesRiders.com 2- Create account and post a question, now your question must be related to the product you want to market, so in our example the question will be, either : How can I lose weight fastwhere can I find b

I would always say as a beginner, you should start promoting your affiliate products for free. This is because you don’t want to risk money on paid ads to start, as you dont even know if your product will sell and you may not have built up an audience yet. Spend your first 6 months on free social media sites building your audience and building your authority. Choose 1 or 2 social sites to start with and really learn how to dominate them. Recommended sites to start affiliate marketing on are; YouTube. Start shooting niche videos around the subject of your product. Once you start getting an audienc

1. Write articles. Yes, I know. It's like being in school again and learning something for the first time. It's really not all that difficult. Think about the affiliate product that you want to promote. How does that product help the person using it? Now, think of a story of someone who is struggling (with whatever task they're trying to do without the product) and then provide the solution to that problem. You must be careful, though. If the story sounds like a sales pitch, your article won't be published. Let's take as an example: Autoresponders. Tell the story about a person trying to send out a mes 

I feel that its a topic that can easily be overhyped when I first started affiliate marketing I went in with a mindset that I was going to start making money right away, but the reality was my results where only based on the amount of value I was giving. If you don't want to build a website I'd recommend YouTube quora, Pinterest, to promote links, always give value around a topic your knowledgeable about or are willing to learn more about. Now maybe your really good at giving value to others but you're not seeing the amount of income you are looking for, for me a big aha moment was I started mak 

If you are a Blogger/affiliate Marketer/CPA Marketer/YouTuber. Then you must need to drive traffic on your promoting link.  Many person explain How To Drive Traffic From Facebook/Pinterest/Linkdin. But no one explain How to Drive High Converting Targeting Traffic from Instagram on Promoting Link.  Now I explain Why need Instagram for Drive High Converting Targeting Traffic on Promoting Link: 1. Instagram now has over 500+ million total users and 300+ million daily active users 2. Engagement is better than ever with over 4.2 billion likes per day 3. 95+ million photos and videos are share 

There are some ways to do this. However, many free blog sites such as Blogger.com - Create a unique and beautiful blog. It’s easy and free. and HubPages won’t allow certain affiliate links. You can build a business page on Facebook and use your page to lead your followers to an affiliate product. One simple method is to use these ideas or YouTube videos to send people to an affiliate offer through your own domain name which is forwarded to your affiliate link. Buying a domain name isn’t free of course but it’s a tiny investment and worth it. Affiliate links generally look messy and often put pe 

Can I promote affiliate links using simpletraffic.co?
What is the best Free Traffic for Promoting Amazon products?
Bill Gates hands you his credit card and says “Grab me a Snickers and get something for yourself.” What are you buying?
If this happened to me, it’ll probably go something like this.  The previous night, I arrived in the United States after a nearly day long flight with multiple transits from Singapore.  I am tired so I went to a hotel, checked-in, and crashed on the bed.  The next day, waking up after a good rest but still suffering from jet lag, I decide that I’d like to walk over to a convenient store to buy something for the first time.  On my way to a convenient store, I notice a black car pulling in.  Nothing special. I mean, who hasn’t seen a black car before? The car’s door opens and lo and behold, a familiar fig 

You meet Bill Gates on the street.  Surprisingly, Bill Gates hands you his credit card and tells you to go buy a Snickers bar and whatever you want for yourself. You hesitate. What should you do? It's a real dilemma for you. On the one hand, you have plenty of shopping options since Bill Gates hasn't imposed any limits on you. On the other hand, you wonder if Bill Gates doesn't want to test your honesty. You tell yourself that if you buy a Snickers bar for him, and nothing for you, Bill Gates will be amazed at your honesty. This might reconcile him with human nature. Eventually, Bill Gates might decid 

A snickers bar for him, and a protein shake or chocolate milk of average size for myself. One of the reasons most famous and/extremely wealthy people discontinue a lot of friendships is because people seem to think they are somehow more than or less than human because of their financial status. As someone who has been friends, colleagues, and acquaintances with and that has known many famous people over the years, one thing is a constant struggle among them all: People treat them differently because of their money. When I was living in Los Angeles my buddy Jwhite found out that I was in town. He 

Tokyo, Japan, outside some sort of business/computer/startup/tech show. Gates: “Hey, you there. I need your help, boy.” Me: “Sir? Oh wait, you must be …” Gates: “Don’t say a word. I just want a bar of Snickers right now. Use my credit card, and get something for yourself.” Me: “You must be in a great hurry, right? I have a better idea: Please wait right here and I’ll be back in a flash.” I ran towards the nearest convenience store. I know ALL the convenience stores around Akihabara, Odaiba, and Tokyo International Forum. Plus, half of Osaka inner city is in my hands too. I know the fastest routes b 

One day I’m waiting in a Dairy Queen line, and I encounter none other than Bill Gates himself. Part of me is shocked. The other part of me thinks this is some strange dream where Bill Gates and I are best buds chillin’ at DQ together. But that’s sadly not the case. I’m just some kid waiting in a line for some ice cream. I want my Oreo Blizzard, and he wants his. Nothing more., I tell myself. That’s when Mr. Gates asks me a favor. Excuse me good sir, would you mind getting me a Snicker’s bar so I can top my deluxe triple double chocolate mint Oreo Blizzard? Oh, and here’s my credit card. Uhhh, yes si 

As I receive the credit card, the paparazzis start snapping pictures of me. He smiles generously and makes sure he is looking in every direction equally. I hear some people narrating the event to the cameras. I feel quite annoyed, but I guess I have no option, what would it look like if I refuse such a simple request. I have no idea why he is doing this but let him have his publicity stunt if that's fun for him. My armpits start to get sweaty and I try not to move my arms to much so it would not be visible in the pictures. I start walking towards the store, Gates’ security guards surrounding me  

“Sorry I’m late. Woops, maxed out your credit card. Didn’t get a chance to get anything for myself.” “Ehh? What?”  “Just about had enough balance to get Snickers.” “You’re joking, right?” “Nope. Had to bargain like crazy, actually. They felt it was highly inappropriate to buy using credit cards. Not gonna lie. That actually hurt our negotiation a bit.” “What… what are you talking about?” “In fact, you can expect a schedule of payments on your card for the next few cycles. I’m not that great a negotiator, to be honest.” “Wait… wait a minute…” “Yes?” “I asked you to get me Snickers. You didn’t… you wouldn 

Scene: Today, I’m at Chula Vista Friendship Park in- you guessed it- Chula Vista, CA, to meet up with a friend. I won’t name names because I’m not sure if the Quoran who lives in Chula Vista wants people to know what town they’re from. For those of you who know who I’m talking about- SHHH! As I’m walking along the pathways waiting for that Quoran to show up, I spot someone familiar.  I don’t know where I know him from. Also, I work at a grocery store so I have most of the customers I see often memorized by face. Ugh, where do I know him from?!?  I walk up to him Me: Hey, mister, pardon me, but I reco 

It is very unlikely I will ever meet Bill Gates in person. Not to mention that he hands me his credit card to buy him stuff. Also, I don’t think he eats Snickers :) But for the sake of Hypothetical Scenarios let’s go ahead. So I meet him on the street, he hands me his amazing credit card and says “Hey dude, I don’t know you but you probably know me. Here is my credit card, go buy a snickers at the nearest shop and get something for yourself for the effort. I am new in town and I don’t know where to buy, also I don’t speak your weird language”. I am in shock first, but seeing him and knowing who  

I’d grab a protein bar, after glancing at the ingredient list to make sure it was one I liked without too many icky ingredients, and had at least 10 grams of protein in it, without any yucky sugar alcohols like xylitol, malitol, or any of the other -tol family that give me horrible nasty farts for 5–8 hours afterwards. If I’m hanging out with Bill, it’s only polite to not pollute the air. It’s far more useful to have the friendship than to try to run up some crazy expensive purchase on their card. One of the first times a billlionaire friend asked me to do something like that, it was to throw a  

Bill Gates hands you his credit card and says “Grab me a Snickers and get something for yourself.” What are you buying?
If this happened to me, it’ll probably go something like this.  The previous night, I arrived in the United States after a nearly day long flight with multiple transits from Singapore.  I am tired so I went to a hotel, checked-in, and crashed on the bed.  The next day, waking up after a good rest but still suffering from jet lag, I decide that I’d like to walk over to a convenient store to buy something for the first time.  On my way to a convenient store, I notice a black car pulling in.  Nothing special. I mean, who hasn’t seen a black car before? The car’s door opens and lo and behold, a familiar fig 

You meet Bill Gates on the street.  Surprisingly, Bill Gates hands you his credit card and tells you to go buy a Snickers bar and whatever you want for yourself. You hesitate. What should you do? It's a real dilemma for you. On the one hand, you have plenty of shopping options since Bill Gates hasn't imposed any limits on you. On the other hand, you wonder if Bill Gates doesn't want to test your honesty. You tell yourself that if you buy a Snickers bar for him, and nothing for you, Bill Gates will be amazed at your honesty. This might reconcile him with human nature. Eventually, Bill Gates might decid 

A snickers bar for him, and a protein shake or chocolate milk of average size for myself. One of the reasons most famous and/extremely wealthy people discontinue a lot of friendships is because people seem to think they are somehow more than or less than human because of their financial status. As someone who has been friends, colleagues, and acquaintances with and that has known many famous people over the years, one thing is a constant struggle among them all: People treat them differently because of their money. When I was living in Los Angeles my buddy Jwhite found out that I was in town. He 

Tokyo, Japan, outside some sort of business/computer/startup/tech show. Gates: “Hey, you there. I need your help, boy.” Me: “Sir? Oh wait, you must be …” Gates: “Don’t say a word. I just want a bar of Snickers right now. Use my credit card, and get something for yourself.” Me: “You must be in a great hurry, right? I have a better idea: Please wait right here and I’ll be back in a flash.” I ran towards the nearest convenience store. I know ALL the convenience stores around Akihabara, Odaiba, and Tokyo International Forum. Plus, half of Osaka inner city is in my hands too. I know the fastest routes b 

One day I’m waiting in a Dairy Queen line, and I encounter none other than Bill Gates himself. Part of me is shocked. The other part of me thinks this is some strange dream where Bill Gates and I are best buds chillin’ at DQ together. But that’s sadly not the case. I’m just some kid waiting in a line for some ice cream. I want my Oreo Blizzard, and he wants his. Nothing more., I tell myself. That’s when Mr. Gates asks me a favor. Excuse me good sir, would you mind getting me a Snicker’s bar so I can top my deluxe triple double chocolate mint Oreo Blizzard? Oh, and here’s my credit card. Uhhh, yes si 

As I receive the credit card, the paparazzis start snapping pictures of me. He smiles generously and makes sure he is looking in every direction equally. I hear some people narrating the event to the cameras. I feel quite annoyed, but I guess I have no option, what would it look like if I refuse such a simple request. I have no idea why he is doing this but let him have his publicity stunt if that's fun for him. My armpits start to get sweaty and I try not to move my arms to much so it would not be visible in the pictures. I start walking towards the store, Gates’ security guards surrounding me  

“Sorry I’m late. Woops, maxed out your credit card. Didn’t get a chance to get anything for myself.” “Ehh? What?”  “Just about had enough balance to get Snickers.” “You’re joking, right?” “Nope. Had to bargain like crazy, actually. They felt it was highly inappropriate to buy using credit cards. Not gonna lie. That actually hurt our negotiation a bit.” “What… what are you talking about?” “In fact, you can expect a schedule of payments on your card for the next few cycles. I’m not that great a negotiator, to be honest.” “Wait… wait a minute…” “Yes?” “I asked you to get me Snickers. You didn’t… you wouldn 

Scene: Today, I’m at Chula Vista Friendship Park in- you guessed it- Chula Vista, CA, to meet up with a friend. I won’t name names because I’m not sure if the Quoran who lives in Chula Vista wants people to know what town they’re from. For those of you who know who I’m talking about- SHHH! As I’m walking along the pathways waiting for that Quoran to show up, I spot someone familiar.  I don’t know where I know him from. Also, I work at a grocery store so I have most of the customers I see often memorized by face. Ugh, where do I know him from?!?  I walk up to him Me: Hey, mister, pardon me, but I reco 

It is very unlikely I will ever meet Bill Gates in person. Not to mention that he hands me his credit card to buy him stuff. Also, I don’t think he eats Snickers :) But for the sake of Hypothetical Scenarios let’s go ahead. So I meet him on the street, he hands me his amazing credit card and says “Hey dude, I don’t know you but you probably know me. Here is my credit card, go buy a snickers at the nearest shop and get something for yourself for the effort. I am new in town and I don’t know where to buy, also I don’t speak your weird language”. I am in shock first, but seeing him and knowing who  

I’d grab a protein bar, after glancing at the ingredient list to make sure it was one I liked without too many icky ingredients, and had at least 10 grams of protein in it, without any yucky sugar alcohols like xylitol, malitol, or any of the other -tol family that give me horrible nasty farts for 5–8 hours afterwards. If I’m hanging out with Bill, it’s only polite to not pollute the air. It’s far more useful to have the friendship than to try to run up some crazy expensive purchase on their card. One of the first times a billlionaire friend asked me to do something like that, it was to throw a  

Bill Gates hands you his credit card and says “Grab me a Snickers and get something for yourself.” What are you buying?
If this happened to me, it’ll probably go something like this.  The previous night, I arrived in the United States after a nearly day long flight with multiple transits from Singapore.  I am tired so I went to a hotel, checked-in, and crashed on the bed.  The next day, waking up after a good rest but still suffering from jet lag, I decide that I’d like to walk over to a convenient store to buy something for the first time.  On my way to a convenient store, I notice a black car pulling in.  Nothing special. I mean, who hasn’t seen a black car before? The car’s door opens and lo and behold, a familiar fig 

You meet Bill Gates on the street.  Surprisingly, Bill Gates hands you his credit card and tells you to go buy a Snickers bar and whatever you want for yourself. You hesitate. What should you do? It's a real dilemma for you. On the one hand, you have plenty of shopping options since Bill Gates hasn't imposed any limits on you. On the other hand, you wonder if Bill Gates doesn't want to test your honesty. You tell yourself that if you buy a Snickers bar for him, and nothing for you, Bill Gates will be amazed at your honesty. This might reconcile him with human nature. Eventually, Bill Gates might decid 

A snickers bar for him, and a protein shake or chocolate milk of average size for myself. One of the reasons most famous and/extremely wealthy people discontinue a lot of friendships is because people seem to think they are somehow more than or less than human because of their financial status. As someone who has been friends, colleagues, and acquaintances with and that has known many famous people over the years, one thing is a constant struggle among them all: People treat them differently because of their money. When I was living in Los Angeles my buddy Jwhite found out that I was in town. He 

Tokyo, Japan, outside some sort of business/computer/startup/tech show. Gates: “Hey, you there. I need your help, boy.” Me: “Sir? Oh wait, you must be …” Gates: “Don’t say a word. I just want a bar of Snickers right now. Use my credit card, and get something for yourself.” Me: “You must be in a great hurry, right? I have a better idea: Please wait right here and I’ll be back in a flash.” I ran towards the nearest convenience store. I know ALL the convenience stores around Akihabara, Odaiba, and Tokyo International Forum. Plus, half of Osaka inner city is in my hands too. I know the fastest routes b 

One day I’m waiting in a Dairy Queen line, and I encounter none other than Bill Gates himself. Part of me is shocked. The other part of me thinks this is some strange dream where Bill Gates and I are best buds chillin’ at DQ together. But that’s sadly not the case. I’m just some kid waiting in a line for some ice cream. I want my Oreo Blizzard, and he wants his. Nothing more., I tell myself. That’s when Mr. Gates asks me a favor. Excuse me good sir, would you mind getting me a Snicker’s bar so I can top my deluxe triple double chocolate mint Oreo Blizzard? Oh, and here’s my credit card. Uhhh, yes si 

As I receive the credit card, the paparazzis start snapping pictures of me. He smiles generously and makes sure he is looking in every direction equally. I hear some people narrating the event to the cameras. I feel quite annoyed, but I guess I have no option, what would it look like if I refuse such a simple request. I have no idea why he is doing this but let him have his publicity stunt if that's fun for him. My armpits start to get sweaty and I try not to move my arms to much so it would not be visible in the pictures. I start walking towards the store, Gates’ security guards surrounding me  

“Sorry I’m late. Woops, maxed out your credit card. Didn’t get a chance to get anything for myself.” “Ehh? What?”  “Just about had enough balance to get Snickers.” “You’re joking, right?” “Nope. Had to bargain like crazy, actually. They felt it was highly inappropriate to buy using credit cards. Not gonna lie. That actually hurt our negotiation a bit.” “What… what are you talking about?” “In fact, you can expect a schedule of payments on your card for the next few cycles. I’m not that great a negotiator, to be honest.” “Wait… wait a minute…” “Yes?” “I asked you to get me Snickers. You didn’t… you wouldn 

Scene: Today, I’m at Chula Vista Friendship Park in- you guessed it- Chula Vista, CA, to meet up with a friend. I won’t name names because I’m not sure if the Quoran who lives in Chula Vista wants people to know what town they’re from. For those of you who know who I’m talking about- SHHH! As I’m walking along the pathways waiting for that Quoran to show up, I spot someone familiar.  I don’t know where I know him from. Also, I work at a grocery store so I have most of the customers I see often memorized by face. Ugh, where do I know him from?!?  I walk up to him Me: Hey, mister, pardon me, but I reco 

It is very unlikely I will ever meet Bill Gates in person. Not to mention that he hands me his credit card to buy him stuff. Also, I don’t think he eats Snickers :) But for the sake of Hypothetical Scenarios let’s go ahead. So I meet him on the street, he hands me his amazing credit card and says “Hey dude, I don’t know you but you probably know me. Here is my credit card, go buy a snickers at the nearest shop and get something for yourself for the effort. I am new in town and I don’t know where to buy, also I don’t speak your weird language”. I am in shock first, but seeing him and knowing who  

I’d grab a protein bar, after glancing at the ingredient list to make sure it was one I liked without too many icky ingredients, and had at least 10 grams of protein in it, without any yucky sugar alcohols like xylitol, malitol, or any of the other -tol family that give me horrible nasty farts for 5–8 hours afterwards. If I’m hanging out with Bill, it’s only polite to not pollute the air. It’s far more useful to have the friendship than to try to run up some crazy expensive purchase on their card. One of the first times a billlionaire friend asked me to do something like that, it was to throw a  

Should I be putting all expenses on a credit card if I can pay it off each month?
Well yes and no! Putting all expenses on a credit card has it's advantage and disadvantages.. For example, Spending today, with a plan to pay tomorrow can muck up your money management, if you run all expenses through a card, you are always one month behind on your finances. When you log into your checking or savings account, you might get tricked into thinking you have “extra” money when it’s actually already spent because you owe it to the credit card company. Using credit at the store also makes it easier to spend more on a regular basis, Credit cards enable and encourage people to overspend. L 

Yes but there’s an even better way! People tend to pay more in expenses when paying with credit cards, simply because it has a mental affect: you’re not seeing the cash physically leave your hand, which is more painful than swiping a credit card. Once the statement comes at the end of the month, your balance may be higher than you budgeted because a month is a long time to rack up expenses. With Cash or Debit, the cash is out of your bank account right away, which gives some peace of mind that you won’t overspend. But what about the rewards points/miles/and cash that credit cards give for purcha 

Should I be putting all expenses on a credit card if I can pay it off each month? Is there any reason for you to think you should not? Your answer might lie there. That said, do these mental tests for each expense that you’re deciding whether or not to put on a credit card: (0) Do you get some rewards/benefits from using this credit card? If not, get rid of it and get a better one. If yes, proceed to the next question. (1) Do you need to pay an additional fee in order to use the credit card, which may wipe out any rewards that you may have earned from the card use? If yes, don’t use the card. If  

Absolutely. The others have given excellent answers. I will give my real life story. Two years ago I bought an expensive electronic item for close to $3000/- through an on line store. The item broke down after six months. I called the on line store who told me to call the manufacturer as it was still under warranty (and it was more than a month where you could just return to store). After checking the model and serial number, the manufacturer told me it was a gray market item with no US warranty; but an Argentine warranty as that item was made for Argentina. I was mad as hell and went back to th 

Credit cards have certain trappings and if you know the rules, you can pay for all of your expenses through a credit card offers but it requires you to follow some basic things and a lot of self- discipline. Remember, a credit card is not a free all-access pass. Here a few things which you should keep in mind- Pay only using one credit card- Limit your credit cards to one. This way you won’t spread the transactions on all your credit cards and end up in debt. By limiting your credit card to one, you’ll be able to pay off the balance without any problem.Make sure you have enough available credit-

Yes. ONLY if you CAN and you WILL pay it off each month. Your credit score can change multiple times each month. Each account you have (installment and revolving, otherwise known as credit cards) has an influence on your credit score. (see my other posts on credit). Each month you charge and pay your accounts can change your score. Your revolving (credit card) account have more of an effect on your score, assuming that you have activity on the account. For example, if you have 10 credit cards, and you are actively using 5 of them each month, your credit score can change 5 times each month. The ma 

Yes, according to security expert Frank Abagnale, who was the real-life inspiration for the movie “Catch Me If You Can.” In a video clip he says credit cards remove 99.9% of risk from his purchases, because the banks pay the vendors, not him. In the case of disputes, banks have vast legal resources to get their money back compared to an individual who paid out of their own pocket. Besides the security aspect, credit card companies keep meticulous records of expenditures. You have a spending diary for future reference, which is especially useful around tax-filing time. Another way to use the data 

Should I be putting all expenses on a credit card if I can pay it off each month? Great answers on benefits of credit cards and responsible use of credit. As has been stated in multiple responses already, any discussion on credit card benefits cannot ignore the Thumb Rules. Credit cards are great tool, if you have the financial wherewithal and the discipline to pay-off your outstanding balance in full on or before the due-date each month.If there is even a remote chance you will default on even one payment, stay away from credit cards.Things I do as soon as I get a new credit card: Activate cardL

&nbsp;0:00-0:30 Credit card processing fees are extensive, complicated, and can be overwhelming. Nevertheless, you have to pay them if you want to process credit cards through your business. Rather than paying these charges blindly, you might as well make an effort to understand them. That way, you can dispute any costs you think are unfair or get a better understanding of your true overhead. Hopefully, this guide will help you do just that. This is quite the jigsaw puzzle of a topic, with each piece requiring some understanding of the other interlocking pieces. For this reason, we’d encourage you to read this 

I would advise against it for a few different reasons. Now if you're trying to fulfill a sign up bonus, that may make sense. Here's why I wouldn't suggest it. A high credit utilization is normally a bad thing from a credit score point of view. You want to keep your credit utilization at around 10%. A high credit utilization is seen as the same as almost missing a payment. You want to make it look like you don't use credit. So maybe if you have a really high limit and all you can get all your expenses within around 10% that'd make sense. If not, I would restrict my credit card usage to when I'm s 

What makes the American Express Black Card the world's most exclusive credit card?
What is the largest purchase you have made on a credit card and received rewards points for?
in 2003 I bought $10,000 worth of ibonds (which was a relatively new savings bond issued by the US Government that could never go down in value). You used to be able to purchase these without any credit card transaction fees, so I basically bought “$10,000”, for $10,000 and got the Amex membership rewards points for it as a bonus. My plan was to hold the bond for the minimum period (I forget what it was, maybe 6 months) and then cash it and do the whole thing again. I had enough money to pay off the Amex card right away, so no problems there, though as these things usually go, the treasury dept 

I used to work for a company who put every single thing on their corporate American Express cards, but most importantly, they were putting the company’s entire AWS cloud-server/storage costs on the card. And they spent a LOT monthly on the cloud, probably about $200,000 a month. But don’t go away, ... that’s not the answer to the question. That’s simply the prologue. :-D We were generating so many points that “corporate travel” was “call the American Express Centurion Concierge.” The actual “travel budget” for the entire company was $0.00. When they acquired our company, though, we were not in th 

I bought my year-end close out, 2014 Prius C on two cash reward credit cards (one paying 5% and the other paying 1.5%), netting $795 in “statement credits” (hence, I reaped a $795 discount off the price of the car). I of course paid the cards off when I got my statement — I’ve never paid a penny in credit card interest in my life (raised by Great Depression parents, I don’t buy things unless I have the money for them; “debt is death”). The 5% cash rebate card deal happened like this: While negotiating with the sales guy, I scanned a Prius C sales brochure and noticed the Toyota Visa credit card  

If we are talking about the one single purchase as opposed to a series of purchases, then the largest so far was when I bought the Solar system for my house at the end of 2018. I had investigated whole house Solar system for more than 5 years, and wanted something that I could own outright. I detested the idea of the various ‘leased’ options from companies that installed their own system on my roof and essentially charged me for maintaining it without paying me any rent on the roof space they used! I bought the system for about $19,500 from Costco, provided by their local partner SunRun. I split 

When I was running my first company in the early 2000s we hosted our physical servers in a datacenter - this was before “the cloud”. We always paid by credit card and the bill started at about $5k/month, but as our service grew the bill grew to $100k-$150k+ per month. This was primarily for bandwidth, which was much more expensive then than it is now. I always had good credit, but I was fairly young and Amex was only willing to extend credit to $100k. But fortunately, Amex allowed mid-month payments so I just had the datacenter charge our card more frequently, and we paid the current Amex balan 

$300,000 or so I believe was the largest payment to our main supplier one month (had to be run through in 4 payments of ~ $75K each). I negotiate credit card payments with all of my suppliers, in exchange for me paying Net 10 days instead of Net 30+. It is a win-win. They get their money right away and I get the points. And they don't lose the business to another supplier who will accept credit card. I charge $2M+ per year on my personal credit cards to earn points. A LOT of points. Then my company reimburses the expenses. It is expensive for a family of 5 to travel, especially with the CDN-USD ex 

Not the highest amount, but certainly the most macabre. (Laurie Meisel tells a similar story, but apparently she expected it; I did not.) When our mother died, my brother made all the arrangements with the funeral home; she was simply being cremated, but they still charge you a lot to cover various services and state regulations. We drove over there, and were greeted by the director, who expressed his professional sympathy and then asked how we were going to pay for it. It is understandable that funeral homes want their money up front; once the mortal remains have been dealt with, people no longe 

Winner: Grad School Tuition and New Cars Virtually all of my grad school classmates and I paid tuition with rewards-rich credit cards. I used my AmEx charge card (1.25%) for the first year’s $32k bill. I also charged the transaction costs (which were not eligible for the 0% financing promo) for a new Honda Accord EX-L V6 that year. AmEx upgraded me to a Platinum Card and waived the annual feee that year. (I downgraded after the complimentary year.) For the second year’s tuition, I used my Fidelity-branded Visa Signature card with 2% cash back and no annual fee. We also charged the transaction co 

I think it’s less about an individual purchase and more about the total that you charge. I have basically one VISA (Mileage Plus) with a really high limit. (Which took many years of reliable payments to get). We put everything on it. Purchases of all sizes; tuition, utility payments, car payments, once an entire car, mortgage payments, RE taxes, literally everything that accepts VISA. Everything. My biggest single charge isn’t important. Now, we don’t borrow money on it. Never charge more than you can afford. Rule #1 in basic personal finance. So we pay it off every month and thus have no intere 

I attended a large coin show, organized by the ANA (American Numismatic Association). The US Mint was selling a limited amount of a newly released gold coin. Some deep-pocket coin dealers was no Ted to buy many more of these limited coins, so they were offering $500 above cost for any of the coins, which were limited to 5 coins per person (you had to show your ID and they took note of it). I stood in line for about 2 hours, and bought my limit of 5 coins. I paid with 4 different credit card, which I maxed out. I immediately went to the highest paying dealer, sold them for an easy $2,500 profit, an 

Should I pay my credit card whole every month?
Nothing, if you actually pay it off and never pay interest or fees beyond the value you receive. When properly used they can be a great tool for managing cash flow and can come with some decent perks. The reason you hear folks say otherwise is due to data, overwhelming data. That data says that the vast majority who use credit cards do not pay their balance off before interest accrues. They also will tend to spend more when using credit. It’s solid data and not misleading, most Americans (and likely most humans) suck at budgeting and managing finances. So though responsible credit card use may  

The linked video is a presentation by Dave Ramsey, the self-described financial “guru” who has declared, “Responsible use of a credit card does not exist.” Ramsey has become wealthy, not by following his own advice (although I am reasonably certain he does), but because he has built a media empire, including a radio program heard on 585 stations, and because he has convinced some 5 million people to attend his “Financial Peace University” at $99 a pop. The eight-week program, consisting of viewing a video of Ramsey then discussing the content, is run by volunteers who give up their time. Ramse 

Nothing at all…..in fact there are actually several advantages. A GOOD credit card offers: Cash Back…think of it as a built-in discount every time you purchase something. I use mine for everything I can including groceries, gasoline, utilities, etc. I get back several hundred dollars each year as a result. Double the Manufacture’s Warranty…most credit card companies will double the terms of the warranty of any new product you purchase up to 1 extra year at no cost to you. I have used this several times and do not have to purchase an extended warranties as a result. Ability to Dispute Faulty Produ 

I used to have a credit card and I used to think it was a terrific idea. I would pay the entire balance by the due date and therefore gained free credit while my money sat in the bank earning interest. There really aren’t any downsides when it is used like that. But what about when you have some unexpected costs or need to buy a major appliance that you don’t have the money in the bank to purchase? The temptation to simply put it on the credit card is very strong. Then you figure that if you pay off that CC debt as fast as possible then the cost of the interest won’t be all that bad. But then y 

Nothing is wrong with them, as long as you can do it and actually do it. The dangers with credit cards is that it’s easy to not “see” the spending as you do with cash leaving your wallet, so it's easy to overspend unintentionally. Once you start carrying a balance it usually starts a vicious cycle downward. But if used responsibly, credit cards are the best: You get an automatic summary of your spending, so it’s easy to see where your money goesYou tend to get perks such as points or cashbackYou typically get generous anti-fraud protections you don’t get with cash or debitYou can spend in other c

yes you must; If you pay in Full: if the whole due amount is paid every month before the due date your credit limit will be on positive side + no penalty for late fee + no service tax  + no GST tax + no interest charged. You score for lending more money  in future will increase. If you pay minimum due amount (5%) : minimum due amount is 5% of the total amount due for the billing cycle , if you pay only the 5% then monthly interest will be charged on remaining due amount + GST. if you just pay the minimum due amount every month then you have to pay minimum 40% extra to the total amount due at the 

what’s wrong with a credit card is it adds additional cost to the transaction. when you pay cash, the merchant receives the money directly from you and he gets 100% of it. when you pay with a credit or debit card, a bank and/or payment processor (visa, amex, &amp;c) is involved in the transaction and they take a cut. even though you don’t _directly_ pay the payment processing fee, the merchant has to build it in to his prices. _every customer_ therefore pays these transaction fees— even customers who pay cash. when you pay cash you subsidise the processing fees of all the customers who use other p 

Yes. There are times in life when you have a loan that has a higher rate than your credit card—but not many. In 90% of cases, your credit card is the worst financial arrangement you could be in, mathematically. Some will say that you need to keep a small balance in order to build your credit. That may be true—if you otherwise don’t use your card. But if you use your card at all, $5 a month even, and make a payment you’re covered in that regard. Your credit score does not benefit from you having a balance—only that you have sone kind of payment history. And really, your cell phone or utility bill 

On a purely mathematical basis — everything else being equal and “pure math” doesn’t account for all possible situations — the thing to do is to pay AS MUCH AS YOU POSSIBLY CAN for the single payment that carries the highest interest rate, while still retaining enough money to pay off every other regular payment without going past any due date. If this means paying the MINIMUM PAYMENTS on any or all payments except the one with the highest interest rate, then so be it. Any payment you make that is higher than the minimum payment for any of these less costly debts is actually money that would bet 

I will keep it simple. I’m going to assume that there’s no annual fee to use the card and that you get no rewards for signing up or using the card. Additionally, I’ll assume that you have a debit card. And since it’s stated in your question, I assume you’re going to be paying off the balance in full every month. Paying for stuff with a credit card means that, when you make purchases with your credit card, you don’t have to carefully monitor your checking account balance to avoid causing an overdraft.If you have some extraordinary expenses, as long as it’s within your available credit limit, you 

Who saved a lot of lives and doesn't get enough credit for it?
 Asa Kent Jennings  The Memorial dedicated to Asa Kent Jennings in Volos, Greece. The man is his grandson, Roger L. Jennings. I would say Asa Kent Jennings. He was an American hero who saved 350,000 people in 11 days and 1,250,000 people in 10 months at the end of the Greek-Turkish War of 1919-22. Of the 350,000, there were 300,000 Greeks, 25,000 Armenians and 25,000 Jews. Despite his awe-inspiring life-saving deeds, his story has not been properly recognized, not only around the world, but also in the USA. Asa was a Methodist minister from a small town in upstate New York near Rochester. In those  

During the cold war, The Soviet Union and US was this close to starting WW3. Remember, this was a time of great uncertaincy and possibility of nuclear disaster.  To give a really brief and oversimplified runover, the Cuban Missile Crisis went for 13 days and started when US tries to overthrow Cuba and its communist government. (The Bay of Pigs) Cuba then turned to the USSR for help. Khruschev agreed to help. He ordered USSR supplied nuclear missiles to Cuba, both to show off USSR’s nuclear power because US had supplied missiles to Turkey and Iran, and this alerted the Americans. The Soviets were 

In 1983, Stanislav Petrov saved up to 6 billion lives (including yours) and few know about it. About 37 years ago, on September 26th, 1983, the world was saved from potential nuclear disaster. A mid-level duty officer in the Soviet Union’s early-warning monitoring facility had to make a decision: He could follow his training and the single duty entrusted to him by informing superiors that US missiles had been launched against the USSR, which would guarantee an immediate Soviet counter-strike that would destroy the world.Or… Trust his instinct that the redundant, multiple sensors sounding alarms 

The Japanese Schindler:  Chiune Sugihara. Sugihara was a fiercely independent figure from the year dot, having subverted his father’s wish for him to become a physician by deliberately only entering his first name on the entrance exam paper, to fail it by default. In adulthood, he quit his post as Deputy Foreign Minister in Manchuria as an act of protest against the mistreatment of the Chinese people. A few years later, as the declaration of the Second World War cast a dark shadow over Europe, Sugihara found himself standing in front of the new Japanese consulate in Lithuania:  With the Nazi tanks h 

James Harrison known as the ‘Man with the Golden Arm’ was no doctor but he saved 2.4 million babies. James Harrison was born in Australia in 1936 and at an early age of 14 he had to undergo a surgerical procedure which required a series of blood transfusions. Seeing as his life was saved by the kindness of others, Harrison decided to “pay it forward.” Four years later, in 1954, he started giving blood. Even his own fear of needles could not deter him. " 'I was in the hospital for three months and I had 100 stitches,' he recalls. "After receiving 13 units — almost 2 gallons — of donated blood, Har 

This man:  Mr. Angel Sanz Briz was born in Zaragoza, the 28th of september 1910 and died in Rome the 11th of june 1980. Member of the Spanish Diplomatic corps, which joined in 1939, was appointed to the Spanish Embassy in Budapest, Hungary, in 1942. Soon after his arrival, he was promoted to Embassy Chief, although without the Ambassador Rank. When in 1944 Hungary was invaded by the III Reich and the new Hungarian government started to persecute the Jewish people from Hungary, Mr. Sainz Briz wrote a letter to the Spanish government in stating the following: “[…] in the report given to the Diplomati 

Doctor Maurício Rocha e Silva, a Brazilian pharmacologist, who studied enzymes related to the toxicology of snake bites. In 1948, together with colleagues colleagues Wilson Teixeira Beraldo and Gastão Rosenfeld, at the Instituto Biológico, in São Paulo, Brazil, these researchers found a new peptide which they called bradykinin, the bases for the world known medicine called Captopril, for blood pressure. Today, it is used to treat more than 40 million people worldwide, with 80,000 lives saved per year, but almost nobody mentions their names… simply forgotten. I will reproduce here Sergio Diniz's  

Edward Jenner, 1749 -1823. The extraordinary Scientist and Physician who literally changed the world of medicine, yet most people have never heard his name.  ‘Wait, what do you mean you’re going stab my child with Smallpox?’ Throughout the 17th and 18th-centuries, Smallpox ravaged Europe, claiming eyewatering numbers of dead. An estimated 20% of the population of many European kingdoms died in 1720 alone. ‘300 million people died from smallpox in the 20th century alone. This virulent disease, which kills a third of those it infects, is known to have co-existed with human beings for thousands of yea 

There are a lot of people who save a lot of lives but don’t get enough credit for it. However, there was this person who caught my eye. It was none other than Vasili Arkhipov.  Image Source: Wikipedia The Build-Up So, it all started with the Cuban Missile Crisis. Of course, our story isn’t exactly related to this crisis, but it would give us a bit of background. During the Cuban Missile Crisis, leaders of the U.S. and the Soviet Union engaged in a tense, 13-day political and military standoff in October 1962 over the installation of nuclear-armed Soviet missiles on Cuba, just 90 miles from U.S. sh 

Some very appropriate answers here, including the pioneers in vaccine research. I’d also like to add the many inventors of indoor plumbing, but I suppose they would be many (Isaiah Rogers in 1840, but also other civilizations have had indoor systems going back to the Romans and even the early Mycenaeans). There is an aspect to this question that may not pertain very much to my preferred answer: “saved a lot of lives.” This almost assuredly means that death would ensue except for the actions of an individual. I’d like to broaden that definition a bit. Sometimes a life is “saved” by allowing a pe 

What credit cards do the richest people in the USA possess?
Welcome to the American Express Black Card:  You and I cannot apply for this card. To receive an invite-only application, you must have used other AmEx cards for at least a year, and have charged around $250,000 or more to them every year. Mind you, this is just to be considered for an invite to apply. If you get invited to apply, there will be a $5,000 initiation fee just to get your fancy black card, and a $2,500 annual fee just because. You must keep up that $250k yearly balance to prove you are worthy, and the monthly balance must be paid in full every month, technically making it a charge card 

Discover card. Just joking! You’d probably be surprised, but it’s usually just the regular suspects. All of the billionaires I know — I know several — just have a Visa and an AmEx, and an ATM card (usually Visa) that hook into accounts with extreme limits on them. They will also maybe have one or two “role based cards”: a credit card to use just for gas, a credit card to use just for groceries. Morgan Freeman, who you might occasionally see at 1AM buying groceries in one of the Safeway’s in San Francisco, uses a gold Visa ATM card for groceries; he’s worth $200M. They might have another card or two  

When it comes to the credit cards that the rich posseses, i know of 3 “Super-Cards’ like i call them. In no particular particular order, The J.P. Morgan Reserve (Palladium) Card  The J.P. Morgan Reserve is the updated version of its better-known predecessor, The Chase Palladium, a card Barack Obama reportedly used. Bloomberg called it the credit card for the 1 percent of the 1 percent. To qualify for an invite, you need to be a member of the Chase Private Bank. Private Bank membership is exclusive to wealthy clients who reportedly have at least $10 million in their accounts, though Chase declined t 

There are several answers here, and the reason is that not all rich people are the same. We can categorize them, though. Are they really wealthy, or are they “all hat, no cattle”? Are they arriviste, nouveau riche, or old money? Are they wealthy, or wealthy? I know plenty of would-be wealthy, and a few arriviste, and some old money, but not deep-pockets old-money. However, my favorites are those whose wealth is aspirational, which is to say, nonexistent. For the “all hat, no cattle” (or big hat, no cattle) crowd, the elitist card is a status symbol. This was the origin of Magnises, Billy McFarl 

I've seen plenty of people going on about different cards answering this question on here. A lot of people poo-pooing the Centurion Card. I bet almost none of the responses are from actual card holders. Yes, The JP Card is fantastic and most rare, and yes, there are many benefits you get with a regular Amex Platinum Card. But the Amex Black Card is the best. Why? Everyone who is crapping on the supposed benefits never had one, or didn't understand the benefits, Cost? If you're spending 1/4 mill a year with it, there is no effective annual fee. You expense that away. Travel concierge? Fantastic. 

American credit cards pale in comparison to the Sberbank Visa Infinite Gold Card crafted from diamonds, gold and mother of pearl.  Over-the-top opulence describes this offering from Kazakhstan, “If being crafted from solid gold isn’t quite enough, throw in .17 carats worth of diamonds (totalling 26 stones to be precise) and some mother-of-pearl. Issued by Kazakhstani outfit Sberbank to only 100 of its top clients, this Visa Infinite Gold card reportedly costs a neat $100,000 upfront. Of this money, $65,000 is an account fee, and $35,000 goes to the account’s opening credit.” Previous answers on Q 

Thanks for the A2A. Q: What credit cards do the richest people in the USA possess? Short Answer: Surprisingly few! These people don't need to impress anyone and can afford anything. The card eliminates the need for cash. It is part of a larger true end-to-end “concierge” service.The high-end cards are for folks the next rung down (yes, still VERY rich by most people's standards) who want to impress others! Think CEOs.Longer Answer: When I worked at Citi and could see such things, I noticed a handful of cards that saw enormous amounts of charges monthly from locations all over the world, and large 

I’d just like to point out that with a good credit score, achievable by anybody with a modest income and responsible habits, you can pay at most a $100 annual fee and get every single benefit the ultra premium cards offer. These cards exist because certain people are willing to shell out high annual fees to own a “special” card. There is at least one category of rich people that got that way by handling their money well, not by spending it all trying to appear rich, for instance by paying thousands in fees for high status cards. You can make a lower middle class income, let’s say $25,000 a year 

I have worked in banking for over 20 years, and I grew up with (and dated occasionally) the very richest in NYC. The truly wealthy, I mean those that have “made” it, don’t carry ANYTHING. They have someone on retainer - usually a family member that hasn’t done so well, but it could be anyone - to do that. “Paying people” is so - gauche - that the truly rich don’t even bother with that. Half the time what they are looking at is comped anyway, so it is free to them. The other half someone else deals with it. “Don’t waste my time, don’t waste my motherfuckin time!” was a line said by Al Pachino in 

I would suggest reading “The Millionaire Next Door”. It could be thirty years old, but not only did I read it, I think about it very often. Affluence does not, (generally speaking) run around saying look at me. I have access to and have been offered all sorts of flashy metal cards. Amex even offers a card that is hundreds of dollars a year, and I am sure others do as well. I have their free card because even their least expensive one is too much to pay for what they offer. I mean, it’s a credit card! Card of choice for me though? I’m afraid to say I actually spend $79 a year for a Capital One car 

How rare is an 800 credit score?
What’s the point in renting if the rent is more than a mortgage?
Let’s assume that you’ve a choice between buying with a mortgage or renting. Firstly you need to be quite clear about what you must include alongside the mortgage to get a real-life comparable figure to judge against the cost of renting. For a mortgage, you’ll have to stump up a deposit, normally minimum 10% of the selling price of the home, sometimes as low as 5% with some Government and other schemes in the UK. Now you might be able to borrow/get gifted this by a family member, but you’d need to have this facility in the first place. If you’re buying anywhere within London, think at least £25, 

If buying is cheaper than renting, which it is in some cities and countries, it does make sense to buy if: You plan to live in the same city for 25–30 years and don't plan to move for pay rises or can work from homeThe indirect and direct costs of owning don’t indirectly make the costs higher than renting. Remember if renting costs $1100 and buying on mortgage costs $1,000, that doesn’t mean it is cheaper if the taxes and buying costs are higherYou can deal with the responsibility of buyingYou aren’t buying in a developing country with a questionable history of property rightsSome reasons not t 

Good question! Let’s do the math. Suppose a condo costs $100,000 and rents for $1000/month, I.e. cost is 8 x annual rent($12,000). For the owner, cost of ownership includes: interest on a mortgage, property tax, insurance, HOA fee and a reserve for maintenance. We’ll use 5% interest($5000), $1500 tax, $500 insurance, $100/month HOA and $50/month reserve. Total cost: $8800. In addition, if the owner has other income, 1/27 of the value of the structure (typically 2/3 of the total cost, so $67,000) can be taken as a depreciation deduction: $67000/27 = ~$2500. Depending on tax brackets, this deductio 

Renting isn’t always more than a mortgage. Sometimes it’s less, sometimes it’s the same or more. Not everyone can buy. I can use me and my wife as an example. It took me a year to fix my credit to even get pre-approved. Then we had to save up 25k for a down payment and pay another 11k for closing costs. We made too much to qualify for any waivers on the closing. The process of buying a home was very stressful and we are in a good financial state. Most people can barely afford to save money, much less stash 20k + to spend on a down payment! And not everyone has ideal credit…so they can’t even qua 

Thanks for the A2A Michael. The number one reason is you don’t intend to stay in the area long term. You don’t want to be dependent on market conditions when you want to leave the area. You don’t want to be an “accidental landlord” if you have to leave when the market is not conducive to selling. Often people want the freedom to come and go anytime they want. Live in a different place every few years. Being stuck in one place and in one house for a very long time doesn’t suit everyone. It usually does suit someone who is starting a family. They may want stability for their children through the  

First, mortgage is only part of the equation. It is mortgage plus Property Tax plus mortgage fees and title insurance and maybe homeowner's insurance (many renters purchase renter's insurance so that might be on both sides of the equation). If your rent comes with utilities (water, heat, Internet, cable tv), appliances, or a pool and an exercise room that might also make renting more economically advantageous. And in the early part of homeownership, the mortgage payment is close to 100% interest and 0% equity, so paying mortgage is little different from paying rent. It takes a long time to acc 

As a homeowner, I can honestly say my life would be much easier if we had just been able to rent a nice little townhouse.. but given our situation, renting is not an option. Say our mortgage is $1,500/month (average rent around here is about the same). We’ve been living in our house for 6 years, so far we’ve paid over $100,000 to live in $150,000 house and we still owe (drumroll please) $128,000 on it. In the past few years our refrigerator, washer, dryer, stove, and water filtration system broke— that’s easily 5 or 6k right there. We just found out our septic system is no longer acceptable and  

Let’s use me as an example Here’s why I rent my life changes a lot. I’m a business owner. Last year I was living at home with my parents. Now I’m pacing 100k a year. Next year it will be twice that much. The house I would qualify for would be tiny based on my previous income and I would want to upgrade within a year or two. I wouldn’t want to stay in the same house for 10 years. Renting allows me to move around quickly.I wouldn’t qualify for the home I want to live in. Right now, a bank would only let me buy a home worth probably 300k. That would be awful. I don’t have that problem if I rent. I 

the Point will depends on who you ask. Not everyone is set to be a homeowner. There’s plenty of renters that will not switch roles no matter what. Depending on your particular circumstances either you buy or rent you have advantages and disadvantages, like if you’re switching jobs and move frequently, definitely buying is not necessarily an advantage regardless if the rent you’re paying is more than a mortgage since the cost of maintenance and selling the property will outweigh the difference, so I’ll give time frame a point. Another point is flexibility: by buying you have to be able and willi 

I’ve answered this question before, but my answer was very straightforward. Now it’s time for an analogy: Let’s say you can buy a regular jar of peanut butter at about $2.50/pound. But let’s further say you can buy peanut butter in a gigantic, industrial sized drum at $1.50/lb. Minimum size: 200 pounds. If you just look at price per pound, it’s clearly better to buy in bulk. But there are other reasons why people don’t buy peanut butter in 200 pound increments. Admittedly, my analogy breaks down a little for some of those reasons. So I’ll resurrect the analogy by making some magic peanut butter: 

If I can charge more in rent than the cost of mortgage and fees, why not just buy and rent houses I don't even plan to live in and build equity? What am I missing?
I owned 2 houses I rented out, and know other people who rented houses, and here’s the reality. I am going to say the following based on the presumption that your house was purchased reasonably recently at market rates. IOW, this isn’t a house that was bought a long time ago for a lot less than it’s worth now. And I presume you bought it with a mortgage. It is difficult to simply buy a house, especially if you have a mortgage, and taxes and insurance and maintenance, and be able to make money on this. In most cases, you run a negative. Now, you can LIST the property higher. You can ask for more  

That's what people do who want to own and manage properties. Seems simple like you said, just rent them out for more than it costs you. But as they say, " If it's too good to be true, it isn't." Or "If it were that easy, everybody would be doing it "! So what are you missing? All the hidden costs and downfalls that, if you don't understand them up front, can ruin your chance of success. So, the problem is finding the right house to buy that's either undervalued or in need of much repair. You need to find a neighborhood that homes hold their value or increase in value over the past several years.  

One story of how horribly this can go wrong. Around 2006, some people bought a house next to mine and lived in it for about three years. They had immigrated from another country, spoke very little English, and made quite a few mistakes when they first moved in. Their first mistake was cutting all of the shrubs out of their yard. This led to erosion that caused their foundation to sink as well as parts of my driveway. They didn’t bother to fix it. Their second mistake was buying a home they couldn’t afford. Even the most basic maintenance on the home was ignored because they had multiple family me 

It's simple, first do you have a cash on hand? Your chances of being able to get more than one mortgage are very very low unless you have a very high income. Even then when you buy a house it would be very very hard to come out putting down less than $7k to cover closing cost. Speaking of which would you properly report it as a rental, and the income you make, or do it under the table. Probably going to say of course I will do it all legit. Well in that case there is so much more that needs to be done to a house to make it legal to rent. It can't need any repairs, everything needs to be up code 

It’s not necessarily a bad plan, but it’s not as easy as “free money!”. There are a few things you’re missing: Banks typically won’t finance a rental property unless the buyer puts 25% or more down. This raises the spectre of opportunity cost. Let’s say you buy a $400K house, meaning you put $100K down. That’s $100K you’re not putting somewhere else. Let’s suppose your next best alternative investment with that $100K would return, say, 10%… meaning you’d earn $10K/year (or $833/month) if you stuck the $100K there instead of in the rental. Now it’s not just a question of whether you can rent it for 

If I can charge more in rent than the cost of mortgage and fees, why not just buy and rent houses I don't even plan to live in and build equity? What am I missing? I have a flat I let out. I pay agents fees. I have to have various certificates for both me and the flat, all of which cost money. I have to pay ground rent and service charges- it’s a flat. I have to maintain the property- I’m about to replace all the windows, repaint, and replace much of the flooring. That doesn’t come cheap. When I’m working on the flat, it isn’t being let out. I’m not making money on it them, I’m losing it.  Unless you 

Just because you charge it doesn’t mean they pay it. When you last rented a home, did you compare it with the cost and quality of other homes in the area first? That’s a fairly common experience. The market decides the value of a rental unit, like the market decides the sale price of a home. Indeed, one of the three appraisal formulas is based on the rental value of a home, which can be computed back to a stated rate of return at a set purchase value. So, as an example (and assuming I computed properly on the fly — check your math!), if you bought a unit for $300,000, put down 10% cash, expect 

Congratulations: you've independently discovered business. You spend money to buy things that will make you able to provide a service or good at a profit. Many people do get in the landlord business. It can work out well, however, is your area saturated with rentals? You will find that many folks who got into the game can't find a tenant until they drop their rent below cost. If they dont, then they get nothing. You are then in an attrition game, who can hold out the longest so that they are the remaining landlord who can then hope to raise rents and make up for the losses. Then, you've got the  

You're forgetting buildings insurance, income tax, dividend tax or rental income tax. Bad rentersLetting feesReferral agency feesBackground agency feesCredit check feesRepairs to the house when the renters moanOther random hidden costsAll these costs add up, and that's why the UK's rental market is overinflated. Too much regulation, too many taxes, checks and fees. It's not really worth it anymore, even if you're a good landlord who provides decent accommodation. And yet, rouge landlords still get away with squeezing 12 eastern Europeans into a run down, mold infested 4 bedroom terraced house. 491 views · View upvotes48David Reece, former Innovation Systems Specialist at Africa Rice CenterAnswered 9 months ago · Author has 7.7K answers and 1.7M answer views

An answer from the UK. The first thing you are missing is that you need a hefty down-payment to get a mortgage. That is why so many people here are renting rather than buying (and paying a high percentage of their earnings in rent). So unless you have a significant amount of capital available you cannot play. (And don’t even think of borrowing for a deposit: mortgage lenders prohibit this and attempting to deceive them is fraud, with a high chance of detection.) I doubt whether you have fully costed all the expenses of a rental property in the glib phrase “mortgage and fees”. I have just complet 

Why don’t people stick to a 15 year mortgage and then pay extra every month to be debt free?
Hi Ritchie Rich, Simple! Generally… Because they cannot afford to! Unless you’re “swimming in cash” like our Congresspeople, Hollywood Actors or Rock Stars, chances are good you’re living paycheck to paycheck like 99% of Americans are now doing. Not knowing anything about you, just from this question, I know you have more money than I have ever had, or will ever have. I barely remember the last time I had a steak. The last time I had lobster was when I was probably 12. We eat peanut butter and jelly sandwiches for dinner at least every other week. Sure, I’ll just pay more than the dead minimum a 

There are two main reasons. People don’t understand money. They don’t really know how to manage it, how to use money to make money and how to budget, save and invest money.People don’t put a priority on being financially well off. They would rather keep up with the Jones even though they don’t really like the Jones. They want instant gratification and lots of toys and fun. Retirement is too far off to worry about. Why worry about tomorrow when you can go on a beach vacation today. They just aren’t willing to sacrifice today to make tomorrow a brighter time in their life.When you buy a 300K hous 

There are a lot of good answers to this question. Unfortunately, many of them are incomplete despite providing good information. In most of these cases the person answering the question is too focused on their own experience and attitudes. The problem with this is that there isn’t a single answer to this question. One of the most common reasons people take out 30 year mortgages is related to their finances. Many times this is because they can’t afford the larger payment of a 15 year mortgage. Another reason that 30 year mortgages have been popular was the tax deduction for the interest paid whi 

Basically what Mike has said below. It’s wonderful to be debt free, but that consideration is mostly psychological. I’ll give you some real world examples. My mortgage on my home is 30 years at 3.25%. My average ROI for my investment accounts has been about 8%. So, the opportunity cost of paying off the mortgage starts at 4.75% vs putting the same money in my investment account. Plus, on top of that, the interest on my mortgage is tax deductible. Assuming my effective rate (not my tax bracket, but effective rate after deductions and all) ends up being around 20%, quick and dirty math (it’s actua 

Couple ways to answer this question. First, many people don’t do this simply because it makes the payment higher each month to go to a 15 year mortgage. They may need the money for other expenses, or it may throw off their debt to income ratio so they might not qualify for a 15 year, but do qualify for a 30 year. Secondly, generally speaking, your mortgage will be the cheapest money that someone will ever be able to borrow. That being said, from an economic theory perspective, you should borrow the most that you can, for the longest period that you can, because you’ll never find it cheaper. Now 

I think what most people here are missing is that for many people, getting a 15 year mortgage and paying it off early is not mathematically in their financial interest. Money you have invested in your house does not earn you anything. If I owe $50,000 on a house I bought for $100,000, and it is valued at $105,000, I have gotten a 10% return on my $50,000 in equity. If I owe $0 on it, I’ve still only earned $5,000, but I have $100,000 in equity wasted to earn that. I personally have a 15 mortgage that is under 3% APR. So, paying off my mortgage gives me a guaranteed avoidance of a &lt; 3% loss. Tha 

Well, if as Corey suggests, nobody stays in their home until the end, I must be Nobody. :-D Buy a house that’s likely to still be standing by the time you die of natural causes, and buy in an area that is likely to appreciate in value rather than degenerate. Do not get a 15-year mortgage, however: the payments may be unduly high if you lose your job or fall ill. Instead, take out a 30-year loan but be sure the lender will let you pay extra toward principal. Then, do exactly that: every month, pay as much as you can manage toward the loan’s principal. Because a large part of each payment goes tow 

As stated by many others, most people just can’t afford it. Here’s a worked example to help you understand: I used to live in Houston, and its generally considered to have a relatively fair cost of living. National real estate outlets describe it as a “buyers market” and “fantastic for long-term investment.” The median price of a house in Houston is $269,000. Assuming a down payment of 20% (the recommended value), your monthly on a 30y mortgage is around 1050/mo and on a 15y it’s around 1600/mo. Since the median household income in Houston is around 1700/mo, the 30y represents 61% of your incom 

Because a 30 year mortgage can be a great deal. Debt and leverage are not necessarily bad, and can be great if they are used wisely. For example, we bought our home about eight years ago. For many reasons, we opted for a 30 year mortgage. A comparable 15 year loan at the time would have cost us $300-$400 extra per month. We could have put that money into our mortgage to be debt free faster, or, we could use that gift of cheap leverage to make ourselves more wealthy. Had we taken that money and put it in an index fund of domestic stocks, we would have had about an 11% annualized return. Borrow a 

Several reasons: They can’t afford that monthly payment or are worried they can’t afford it in the future, a 30 year load provides liquidity a 15 year doesn’t.If you wanted to pay early you can achieve the same results as a 15 with a 30 just by understanding the amortization schedule.They want to balance outright ownership of their house with living comfortably. If you spend every dime you make buying down/fixing your house your life won’t be that enjoyable, you really need to balance these things.They could be banking on an inheritance or planning to grow into a bigger house later. 1,000 sq ft

The previous owner of our home keeps driving by weekly. It's been two years since we purchased it. Should I be concerned?
Or. And this is also a very possible reason. Maybe the previous owner has a great deal of memories in that house and as he’s driving by he likes to take the extra time to drive by and see his old home. He might have lived his whole life in that house. Maybe he or she was born there. Raised his or her family. Built it with their own hands. I regularly drive past three houses. My grandparents old house. The first house I built and the first place I rented. I have a tremendous amount of memories and in the case of the house I built a tremendous sense of pride knowing that years later it is still  

I bought my very first house in 1995. We rented it for a number of years prior to that, and bought it from the owner, who had also lived on the property in a small studio she’d built in the back. In the 12 years or so that we lived in that house, my first baby daughter grew to a teenager, her younger sister was born in a birthing tub in the back yard on an enclosed patio, with a tree planted in the front yard for her naming ceremony, and their youngest sister was born in our bedroom, with a tree planted for her, too. Over the many years we lived there, I painted the house myself in some unusual  

Since you didn't indicate the circumstances in which you were able to purchase your home I have to believe there may have been a situation which may have caused or forced the sale of your home by the previous owner such as the loss of their job or worse yet, the death of the primary bread winner which eventually caused the owner to lose the ability the retain ownership of their home because other than that I can offer no other possible reason for someone to continually drive past their former home. I say “home" because it appears to have been more than just a house to them from your discription 

We had a problem neighbor who was forced to move by the bank. The whole family was driving by multiple times a day. I ignored it until the new neighbors moved in. It really was ironic that a police officer bought the house. I provided the tag number, description along with the frequency of the visits. I never asked about it further but the drive by’s stopped. My suggestion is that you start a log with the same information, date/time, vehicle description/tag and occupancy of the vehicle. Maybe a picture or two time stamped might also be nice. After you get a few, at least a half dozen, stop by t 

It's hard to say.If the previous owner was forced out by a foreclosure or something of that sort, they may resent losing the house, be angry at the new owner, and be plotting some sort of revenge against you for "stealing" their house.Or at the other extreme, maybe the previous owner is passing totally by coincidence. The shortest route from their new home to some place they visit regularly just happens to go by their old house. Even if they slow down or stop every time, maybe they're just curious. What's the new owner doing with the house? Or enjoying fond memories of when they lived there. 

I think home selling “feels” different for everyone. When we sold our first custom-built home, in which we had lived only 10 yrs, I was sooooo sad to move. Although we’d come back to the neighborhood for holidays to visit with friends, we no longer belonged in the hood and to drive past the hosue was painful. I’d take different routes in the neighborhood JUST so that I wouldn’t go “our” usual route home! Yesterday, I spoke to a client whose home I had listed and obtained a sale in May of this year. The couple was so happy to “get out” of a big house, doing yardwork, their daughter had moved into 

We had that issue with a home my mother bought. The previous owner had managed to pull a scam repeatedly selling the house. It was repeatedly sold through the same realtor, using the same appraiser. When they sold it, they sold it using a contract where the seller carried the loan at a slightly better interest than offered by the banks. (looks really good…) They took a 10% down payment and had a balloon at 1 year, where the loan had to be paid off (with expectation that it could be easily refinanced through a bank) When it was time to refinance, the house couldn’t appraise to get the loan. Before, e 

I moved into a house once that the previous owner had passed away in. Her father had purchased the house for her. She was a young girl in her 20's that died from anorexia nervosa. Her father took posession of the house and sold it to a realtor friend. Her mother and brother would stop by the house and (we believe) steal things that had belonged to the girl. Finally, after about a year, one day I was home alone when the mother pulled into the driveway. I watched to see if she was just going to back out again but she just sat there staring at the house. I felt bad for her thinking she missed her 

Home is where the heart is. Put yourself in the previous owner’s position.If they were forced to leave a home they were very attached to, or didn’t realise just how emotionally attached they were to their home before they left, then they could be suffering an emotional trauma from having left.There’s very unlikely to be danger to you or your family personally, but it’s really hard to detach your feelings from that place that you feel is home, even if you’ve sold it! If there’s any concern it’s about the happiness of that person who can’t stop driving by. One way to help the situation is to ma 

So first of all this is what I would do not necessarily what I recommend anyone to do. But me personally I'd go out of my way to stop them and say hello. I'd be very friendly and hope they were in response and just kind of try to feel out the situation. They're probably more than happy to tell you why they keep driving by. You might find out like other suggested they could have friends in the area they still visit or they have to drive close by to go to work and they just want to remember some of the good times. Or it could be something negative. But either way I think they're going to tell yo 

What happens if you are retired and can no longer afford rent or mortgage?
I do not mean any disrespect here, and please if you are offended, accept my apology on the front side. I am in “Forced Retirement.” Due to medical issues. I got myself into a financial bind (due to my own stupidity, admittedly so). I found that my bills, and spending, were jeopardizing my home and Vehicle. I even Dug myself into a situation that further sabotaged my finances and ability to have enough money, to even put sufficient food into my fridge, to get through the month. I am Disabled as well, which led to my being forced into retirement. In fact, this is an ongoing event, to try to “dig o 

Dependent on where you live in the world, you would have to move into state assistance housing where the cost is subsidized by the government. Here in Australia (being a wealthy country) we are fortunate to have an extremely generous welfare system, in fact it is too generous. We have entire generations of families who have never worked. They have spent their entire lives in welfare housing and living off federally funded support pensions. They are scorned upon by the working majority but, they are entitled to it, the government never turns anyone away!. Even an age pensioner couple in Australi 

That depends entirely on where you live. If it is someplace like the Nordic countries, or Western Europe, you won’t end up homeless. You may have a marked decline in your standard of living, but you will have shelter, food, heat, transportation, and medical care. If you live in the US, and have no family who will take you in, things can get pretty grim. Accepting a job may actually cost you money, in that if you began your Social Security benefits at the much-reduced level available before you are fully vested, you will also lose one dollar of that money for every two dollars you earn—before ta 

If you are a US Citizen, you may qualify for subsidized housing, food assistance, and mediical insurance. Become a Citixen first. It is just, fair, and will be the path of least resistance and the admiral thing to do. Both can happen at the same time. No one is homeless or without cate unless that is their choice. For those, there is still assistance in churcrhes to sleep in a warm place and get hot meals. We ate a generous country. All of we workers recognize that we provide aid over the world. We ask only one thing in return; please do not chastise the American people or ask to become someth 

There are several ways to obtain money. One can work for it, marry it, steal it, borrow it, or beg for it. My net worth is currently about 3 times what it was when I retired 15 years ago, so I haven’t experienced this problem. I retired from the financial industries; but, I realize that not everyone is a financial expert. Also, things can happen that are beyond an individual’s control, regardless of knowledge and planning. I wish there was some kind of service that would connect these people with people like me. I usually have on-going projects that could provide some temporary work and my pay f 

This is a situation more and more retirees are finding themselves in - and medical issues can force such a predicament earlier than retirement age. There are a few things one can check out. If you have a home with an extra room, find a roommate through a company that does background checks. AirBNB is a good source of income by renting an area or room in your home for travelers. Sell some unwanted items you no longer need on eBay or Facebook marketplace (that is free) Offer a service such as reading to someone or using a talent to teach a child - or adult for a reasonable fee. If you belong to a 

FAMILY MEMBERS AND FRIENDS OF RETIRED SENIORS OR EVACUEES: Please take people in. The “real estate” under your dining room table is priceless to someone who is sleeping in a vehicle. Or help contribute toward an RV Rental. These run about $500/ mo up. Save a life. You can make a difference now. Listen between the lines when people talk. Boldly ask the question: “Do you need help? How can I help?” Many normally working people are too embarrassed to ask and- or don’t realize how serious their situation is. It is NOT HELPFUL to say “Go get a job!” If someone is sleep deprived and disoriented, has pet 

Depends on the country you live in. Also depends on your health. And if you live in Canada it also deprnds on the province that you are in. And your age. If you are over 70 you will have to resort to supports in your area. You can find most supports through social services or your community church will also be able to help. Start by asking how to get into low income housing projects. Your community housing authority can help with this. If you are under 65 and you had to retire due to your health try applying for your provincial/ and federal disability benefits to offset your costs. If however  

Everyone's is Situation is different but if you have any Equity in your house that could be very help full to start a online business. At 56 I was force to retire do to arthritis. First thing is get rid of any expenses that are not necessary to live on. In some cases sell your house and rent a house on section 8. Not all section 8 rentals are I lower class areas do your research! Most utility companies offer lower prices according to your income! Facebook, OfferUp, eBay is a way to make some extra dollars by selling item on them. Now I will tell you a little Secret go to auctions and wait all  

Sadly, if you do not have relatives (or, more doubtfully, friends) to cover those payments, the next choice is usually moving. Depending on the persons space availability, it may be possible to rent out a room to someone to gain more money. They could move to another place where the cost of living is lower and rent a much smaller place, or rent a room in someone else’s home. If none of these are possible, Social Services may become involved, insuring that Social Security benefits have been applied for. The base SS benefit is far below the poverty level, and it is doubtful that a single indivi 

Is it worth taking out a loan to pay for a house?
As a renter, do you resent paying someone else’s mortgage and getting no equity in return?
I have read all the responses to this question. By far, most of the answers are from landlords, not renters, which is the subject of the question. I, too, am a landlord. I haven’t rented for over 30 years. My days as a renter were few, and after my room mate left to marry, I bought my first home. After I married. That house turned into a rental when I built a beautiful home. Less than three years later, a lonely doctor came to town, and my beautiful home was no longer mine. I than bought another house, which I lived in for a few years, when I found a home closer to my parents. I sold the third 

Absolutely not! For the following reasons: I could buy if I wanted to, but decided against itA home is a place to live first and foremostUnless you are a real estate professional, it isn’t easy to consistently beat passive investments from real estate, decade after decade.Landlords have many worries, time pressures and so on. A great example is if you are an expat Brit (like myself) and you own property in the UK, you need to fill as a self-employed person. Added to that, the tax authorities (HMRC) have a `ties test`. The more ties you have (property, business, days in the UK) the higher your c

I’m a landlord, not a renter. I’m answering anonymously because I know people who use Quora who don’t know I’m a landlord. The short answer is that many, not all, renters resent their own landlords, if not all landlords. This is why you see the term “greedy landlords” so often, or some variant of it so often. The sentiment, however, confuses certain realities that renters either don’t understand, or pretend not to understand. The first misunderstanding is a belief that landlords set pricing. It seems counter-intuitive, since the landlord literally writes a lease with a lease amount on it, but th 

I’m not a renter and never have been except in my early twenties. I am a landlord. Some renters are wonderful, some OK, and some deadbeats. I’m a good landlord and you would be happy renting from me. No one pays my mortgage and never have. I don’t buy things I can’t pay for with cash. So, you wouldn’t be paying my mortgage. I’ve always worked my arse off to buy with cash. What I do make - is about 5% annually on my rentals after paying all the costs. I have a manger, too. You would be surprised how much work goes into good rental.s I do think there are bad and worse landlords, and no, I wouldn’t 

What is to resent? Look on Zillow at your address. See what a landlord must pay for the mortgage, the taxes, the insurance as a monthly cost. Then add to that any improvements to be made, appliances to be replaced, emergencies such as plumbing or electrical and you will discover what it costs, and just how much money and how much effort it takes to keep a rental. Add to that the initial investment of buying the property - takes 10–20% down payment and you wonder if it is really worth being a landlord. If you ever get a call from your tenant at 9pm on Sunday from your tenant because they were h 

i rented from a landlord in Burbank, CA from early 1999 until mid 2013. That’s 14 years which is nearly 1/3 of my life. The place was is decent shape and located near Burbank Airport (which is now known as “Bob Hope Airport”) The rent was cheap and the area pretty safe. Also you rarely heard airplanes take off and land because it was located on the south side of the airport runways. The rent was $600 for a 1 bedroom apt when I started there; and near the time I had left in 2013, I was paying $1,150 for a 2 bedroom unit. I upgraded to a two bedroom unit in 2005 after my fiancé passed and I had  

No. Such a thought never entered my mind. That sounds petty and small-minded, not to mention ignorant of what's making it possible for the renter to have a decent home. If I lease a car from an auto dealership I don't resent that a significant part of my monthly payment goes towards the mortgage on the dealership building and lot. When I buy a hammer and go out for dinner, I don't resent that part of what I paid for the hammer and a good meal will be used to pay the mortgages for the hardware store and the restaurant. The cost of a hammer and a dinner are a lot less than rent, although some aut 

Resent? haHA! Dude I spit out my coffee reading that. I own rentals, and rent my primary. Some people might think I’m an idiot, but in case you missed the memo, owning property, of any kind, is a running f*ckton of work. I don’t care if its your house, a rental, or a yurt in bangalore, its going to take maintenance and money to keep it more or less upright. Land-Lording is work. And guess what? Not everyone is a great landlord. In fact, some people suck at it. Some suck because they are cheap bastards who like to just f*ck over anyone who isn’t them (i.e. most baby boomers) or they might suck at  

Your rent may or may not be in excess of landlord’s mortgage, but your rent is not based on their mortgage. Your rent is based on the fair market rental value of that property, and other comparable properties like it. Lets say your landlord has horrible credit and financial sense, and is paying 20% for his mortgage, because he got it from a loan shark, and thinks “no problem” I’ll just add the higher interest to the cost of the rental. Good luck with that. His place will be empty all the time and he will collect no rent.He can only rent the property for what people are willing to pay. Now, some  

I am curious how resentment is relevant in this discussion. Is resentment ever healthy? I know it is like indigestion - appearing abruptly and uninvited, but renting and buying are both concious decisions. A decision to rent or buy is arrived at based on your circumstances and a concious decision based on your resources and situation. If renting is encouraging resentment, then you need to get out and do something before it affects your health! Science (as well as folklore) warns us that negative emotions affect our health and relationships. Also this resentment, might be wasted! All that stomac 

If you buy a new house that has tenants, and on the closing date they refuse to leave, what are your options?
What are the most common mistakes that home buyers make?
To explore the mistakes that home buyers make we will concentrate on various aspects to consider in the buying process. I will put them briefly here and explain them in detail later in this answer. LocationEasily overlooked, the location is one of the most important aspects of your new home. You don’t intend to stay inside the entire day and even when you do, you might not like a highway or train track nearby. Your neighbours matter, the environment matters, nearby facilities matter. The mistake is to buy just the home without considering the broader picture.Home choicesChoice of home: apartme

Having been involved in the purchase, sale, renting, construction, renovation, etc of roughly a dozen homes (almost all of which I lived in) I can offer a few things I learned from start to end. In general, buy the home realizing you’ll probably want to sell it eventually as your situation/life changes. This means taking steps like: Set a $/sqft Max Up Front: Look at national and local data over at least a couple years (plus a reasonable growth rate ~3%-5%) and set a moderate (aka reasonable) number. Tell your agent you won’t even look at homes over your number. This helps prevent “falling in lo 

The most common mistake that home buyers make is buying a home. Home ownership sometimes makes sense. But in most cases people would be financially better off if they rented and invested the difference in the stock market. To figure out when renting or buying makes more financial sense check out the New York Times’ buy/rent calculator. While buying a home isn’t strictly a financial decision this tool can help determine the better financial strategy. Home ownership is less cost-effective in the near term. Let’s look at an example. I’m considering buying a 2-bedroom condo in one of the better schoo 

The biggest mistake home buyers make is buying a house instead of a home. A house is a building for human habitation, usually accompanied by a bit of yard. A house can be a financial investment, a project, a status acquisition. A home is an entire other thing. A home is a sanctuary from the world. A place to spend an entire weekend at leisure. A home contains your favorite reading nook, your excessively large collection of widgets, your most loved furniture, your family. A home is a place to grow roots. A house is a place to leave.  Don’t buy a home as a financial investment The real estate market i 

There’s one that trumps the rest: buying a home as an investment. The math has never really checked out. The idea that houses are a productive investment class has always been a narrative unsupported by rigorous data. Some aspects of that: People forget about inflation. US houses saw a annual average price increase of just 4.5% from the end of WWII to today. Inflation over that same period was about 3.7%. [1] [2]People forget about hidden costs. “Back of the napkin” math often only includes the mortgage payment and property taxes. Actual cost of ownership averages out at about 4% of the home’s value 

The first mistake is buying the wrong house. Robert Shiller introduces this topic in Phishing for Phools as follows: “We now come to buying a home, which is most families’ lifetime major purchase; so a lot of money and emotion is up for grabs.” This emotion can cause a home buyer to mismanage the relationship between dreams and budgetary constraints. Whether the house works out as an investment or not is irrelevant if you can’t afford to keep it and find yourself in default. The second mistake is assuming most houses are a sound investment. It seems odd to me that a house gets lumped into this  

Buying a house is a type of investing, so the common mistakes of investing also apply to real estate. But in this answer, I’ll talk about mistakes specifically pertaining to residential real estate, based on a) my home buying experiences, b) studying others, and c) reading. And these mistakes typically fall into four categories: Financing &amp; FinancesOverpaying based on irrational reasonsTaking out unnecessary mortgageBuying a home that you can’t afford, especially without job securityOver-allocation of assets into real estateNot taking transaction costs into account when considering affordabilityL

Have you ever spent real time watching HGTV? That wonderfully entertaining, completely full-of-crap channel that shows you how easy it is to renovate? Or, worse, the DIY Network, which makes everything look easy. Those damn channels. Renovations are painful. And there’s never a guy in Home Depot who offers to redo my yard or kitchen or anything else for free. Yes, home buyers can easily get caught in the moment, and if you don’t look at the comps in your area on a per-square-foot basis plus the land value replacement cost, you’re making a mistake. If you don’t have a broker or agent who can expl 

As a current REALTOR, I’ll take a swing at this one: Thinking Zillow, Trulia, Realtor.com, and other easily accessible public online sites are the best tools and all you need when you are serious about finding a good house at a fair price. Start there, but do not depend on the public sites for complete, accurate, or up-to-date information about all the homes on the market at a given time. Buying emotionally because you fall in love with some feature of a house which may not fit all your criteria. With the increasing use of Smart Home technology in many homes, especially listening and video devic 

I will put this out there. 10 rules of real estate. Overpaying in any way, shape, or form is a major error. This works on many levels. Long term appreciation for real estate is 4%. When you see year after year appreciation above the norm and approaching 10 to 20% then you have a problem. Every market is regional but what is causing this? Influx of money? Devaluation of the currency? Hold your money and wait.Overextending your personal budget. I see this all the time and it makes me sad. Housing should not cost more than 40% of you take home. People overextend because they can make the payments, 

What should landlords do if their tenants cannot pay due to coronavirus but were great tenants up to that point? Please realize that the landlord may have a mortgage still due on the property.
This is the most front-of-mind concern of any landlord during this pandemic. As a property owner and landlord, I can understand the financial stress my tenants may be facing. I can also understand the stress you are facing yourself. As a disclaimer, I am providing my answer for informational/educational purposes so please consult your local professionals. If you are in Orange County, California - ping me and we can talk more. :) What should you do? IN THE SHORT-TERM, there are several options. Bear in mind, what you “can” do is different from what you “should” do: 1) Evict the tenant if your cou 

So, first going to say that my methods vary according to the tenant… Good tenants will get more leniency, while tenants that have shown already that they would lie, cheat, and steal to get out of paying rent, and try to use coronavirus as an excuse, would get little to no leniency. Second, let’s go back to the beginning. When you get applications, something you should be looking for is the back up plan. Sooner or later, every tenant is going to have an emergency of some sort, and how can they weather the storm, and still pay the rent? I had one tenant call me already, two young ladies sharing  

I was a realtor and landlord for over 30 years. Thankfully I sold and closed on my last property in February right before this whole mess started. When I was young and learning I worked for an old broker who owned many properties. He taught me that you need to find tenants that need you more than you need them. One of his tenants was a family with six kids. They had problems finding housing as landlords were hesitant to rent to large families. They became appreciative tenants who always paid on time and kept the property spotless. Same with people he rented to with pets. He also said if great te 

This is how I would handle the situation: Landlord to tenant: Let’s make a plan. How much can you pay? Are you still employed? Are you capable of finding employment? If no, then why not? Do you have savings? Did you receive a Federal Stimulus Check? Do you have any skills in which you could work for me? A real telling question might be: How do you think we should handle this? Do you have a plan and what is your plan? When you are able to return to work, then how do you propose we handle these months in which you did not pay rent? Let the tenant talk and evaluate their level of honesty, good faith a 

Landlords should be reach out to their tenants right away offering a 10–20% reduction in rent. By giving this rent reduction, that money will be immediately available to their tenants for food, car related or utility cost. My partners and I sent letters out a week ago, we received multiple emails and thank you letters from our tenants. In many cases it will provide just enough slack for the tenant to continue to pay their rent on time, the secondary gain means it will require less one-on-one negotiations by the landlords with each tenant regarding not paying or late pay. Landlords should be proac 

The answer provided by Chris Schatz is very accurate. However, what does one do when courts are closed but there is no stop-gap or safety net for a specific city or county? What does one do when it is only up to the owner of the property. More importantly, what does the owner do when one or more tenants can’t pay mortgages? The owner can talk to his lenders and see if the banks will give the owner some leeway.. to make partial payments and catch up? Or give them a window of forbearance and not punish the owner for not being able to pay if his tenants are given a free ride by the city or count 

I think several things are to be considered. If someone has been forced to not work during the pandemic they are clearly not shirking responsibility because they feel entitled to free housing. Most people cannot afford to be unemployed for months at a time. Especially people in the service industry. Winter is slow and summer is when they make up for the financial losses of the winter. Most people will not be able to afford to pay back for the time they were unemployed. The economy is not likely to return to previous levels… for years to come. You’ll probably have to lower your rent. It will be 

I am a third-party commercial property manager - that means my clients own shopping centers, office buildings, and industrial buildings throughout our region, which is in Central California. This is the topic that has consumed my professional life since March. Our team of PM’s has devoured every aspect of this situation and done our best to help guide clients and tenants through this and the most important thing to realize is that every case is different and there is no “cookie cutter” approach that works in every situation. With all of the governmental assistance out there for small businesses 

This is just my opinion. We are all in this together and someday we’ll come out of this and my properties will still need great tenants and my lenders will still need great borrowers.Although every landlord has its own expenses to consider, beyond the various eviction moratoria, It makes no sense to evict an otherwise great tenant at a time when no replacement tenant is available. Without waiving any rent that’s due, I ask those still receiving full income (whether from assistance or employment, or investment, to continue to pay the rent but I also make adjustments on an individual basis, with  

We have gone through a lot, as landlords, to provide homes for people. It is very rare that the landlord is given any credit or help for the invaluable service they provide. If the resident is sincere then they should be willing to work through this with you. The resident needs to pay something. 1/2 - 3/4 per month. If you let the resident get too far behind, it is unlikely they will recover. The amount needs to be predetermined and agreed up in writing. If the time comes where eviction is necessary it is best to not get caught up in the he said, she said about agreements that were made. If the  

What have you done to cut your monthly personal expenses?
I manage to appear wealthy, and spend next to nothing on things that tend to quietly and steadily nibble away most people’s money, so I have money for things I like. I live on a high school teacher’s salary, and everyone in the village thinks I am a millionaire. Here’s what I do: I’ve bought a cheap house - outright. No mortgage, just cash. Yes, there are crazy cheap houses out there, and jobs nearby if you are determined. This is reducing my expenditure by about 50%. And I can rent out a room or two, so the house actually adds to my income.I have moved to a country with universal healthcare, i

I’ve never been a “big” spender, because my interests don’t push me in that direction.But when I started working and had to pay for moving to a new city, I HAD to watch my expenditures to be able to absorb the cost. I have a budget.It helps identifying where my money goes, especially on which type of expenses.First, I identified what came in (salary) and out (rent, health insurance, phone plan, Internet plan, etc…) each month. I also have a small student loan that I will be paying back for the next two years. Also accounted for.I wire money to a saving account first thing every month.I have

If, like many Americans, you often have too much month at the end of the money, it’s natural to think about getting a better job or a side hustle. Not that there’s anything wrong with that. But the real problem may not be how much you make but how much you spend. You may need to reduce expenses – maybe drastically. How do you do that? There are many ways to cut expenses and save money. You just need to know where to look. 1. Keep Track of Your Spending Habits If you’ve ever had a toddler in the house, you know how they can disappear if you aren’t keeping a close eye on them. Well, money is like t 

I cut certain daily expenses which automatically turns into the monthly or yearly cut but initially, I had paid a lot more so that I can save in the long term, a lot. I always buy a home warranty plan which generally costs around 50 -100$ per month but each year I have some appliance which stops working and I get it repaired for free by home warranty or if they can not fix it they replace it with the newer version. In the last two years alone, the home warranty has replaced my two water heater, dishwasher, washer, and fridge because they could not fix the appliances. So basically I have saved a 

I’m more of a saver than a spender, and I am very aware of the pitfalls of consumerism. •	I drive a 10-year-old Rav 4 that I love! No car payments. •	I have a cheaper cell phone plan, using a smaller provider than the big monopoly providers. •	I don’t watch tv, so no cable, though my husband has a Netflix account and I’ll watch comedy specials on occasion on the iPad. •	I don’t subscribe to any music streaming. •	Come to think of it, I’ve never been that much into entertainment – I don’t buy tickets to concerts, sports games, or movies (I am in the minority for sure – a lot of people around me love 

I enjoy the luxuries in life but also learned a couple smarts ways to save money and keep expenses low. Cutting expenses helped me go from living paycheck to paycheck to building up an emergency savings and growing investment portfolio in just 12 months. Here’s are some of my top ways to cut down personal expenses. I got rid of my car. Owning a car can cost up to $700+ for your car note, gas, maintenance, etc. I walk or use Uber to get around the city. I do plan to buy a car in the future and I will buy a used car for cash to avoid having a car loan.I quit smoking. Smoking is bad for your health 

Here’s something I do, and I will continue to add to the list if I can think of more： Figure out the best housing solution over the BUY vs RENT question and keep monthly payment lowNo matter what you do in your situation, it is wise to keep your monthly housing payment below 30% of your income. My current monthly housing payment including mortgage payment, HOA fee, insurance, tax, and most utilities is 20% of my before-tax monthly salary.Live close to workI always live less than 15 minutes drive from walk. Within 10 minutes is even better. It is even better if you can walk or bike to work. It

I’ve never been a financially responsible person. That’s not to say that I blow my money on expensive, needless shit, but I was never the kid to save and save and save. Whenever my wallet was full, I used my money for instant personal gratification.  (Me, after having used my money for instant personal gratification) Only recently did I realise I need to start saving money, but I like to think I’ve started off strongly. Here’s everything I’ve changed about my lifestyle in order to cut expenses. No more fast food when I’m out and I’m hungry. If I’m hungry, I eat from the grocery store, or even better

I have really developed this habit of saving over the last few years which has helped me save 8–9,000 each month: Travelling: I am completely reliable on public transport for my daily commute and never have I felt the need of owning a car. This has not only helped me save monthly expenses in the form of fuel and maintenance but also allows me to read something while travelling.Monthly saving: INR 3,000Television: I rarely watch daily soaps on TV, all I watch on TV is news and sports. So I decided to ditch the monthly TV subscription and bought an Amazon fire stick. I can watch news, sports and

Me personally? Well, I’ve cut extra spending by sticking religiously to the following… Groceries. We buy only the basics at the grocery store: veggies, milk, bread, egg, sugar, cheese, coffee, and high quality ice cream. If I try a generic brand and I can’t tell the difference, then I’m buying the generic brand.City. We choose not to live in a gated community or the most expensive part of town. We choose something in the middle.Cars. I like driving nice-ish cars, but if it’s a German car it has to have warranty on it. I don’t want to pay $1K for an electric bug.Flying. We don’t fly first class,

What have you done to cut your monthly personal expenses?
I manage to appear wealthy, and spend next to nothing on things that tend to quietly and steadily nibble away most people’s money, so I have money for things I like. I live on a high school teacher’s salary, and everyone in the village thinks I am a millionaire. Here’s what I do: I’ve bought a cheap house - outright. No mortgage, just cash. Yes, there are crazy cheap houses out there, and jobs nearby if you are determined. This is reducing my expenditure by about 50%. And I can rent out a room or two, so the house actually adds to my income.I have moved to a country with universal healthcare, i

I’ve never been a “big” spender, because my interests don’t push me in that direction.But when I started working and had to pay for moving to a new city, I HAD to watch my expenditures to be able to absorb the cost. I have a budget.It helps identifying where my money goes, especially on which type of expenses.First, I identified what came in (salary) and out (rent, health insurance, phone plan, Internet plan, etc…) each month. I also have a small student loan that I will be paying back for the next two years. Also accounted for.I wire money to a saving account first thing every month.I have

If, like many Americans, you often have too much month at the end of the money, it’s natural to think about getting a better job or a side hustle. Not that there’s anything wrong with that. But the real problem may not be how much you make but how much you spend. You may need to reduce expenses – maybe drastically. How do you do that? There are many ways to cut expenses and save money. You just need to know where to look. 1. Keep Track of Your Spending Habits If you’ve ever had a toddler in the house, you know how they can disappear if you aren’t keeping a close eye on them. Well, money is like t 

I cut certain daily expenses which automatically turns into the monthly or yearly cut but initially, I had paid a lot more so that I can save in the long term, a lot. I always buy a home warranty plan which generally costs around 50 -100$ per month but each year I have some appliance which stops working and I get it repaired for free by home warranty or if they can not fix it they replace it with the newer version. In the last two years alone, the home warranty has replaced my two water heater, dishwasher, washer, and fridge because they could not fix the appliances. So basically I have saved a 

I’m more of a saver than a spender, and I am very aware of the pitfalls of consumerism. •	I drive a 10-year-old Rav 4 that I love! No car payments. •	I have a cheaper cell phone plan, using a smaller provider than the big monopoly providers. •	I don’t watch tv, so no cable, though my husband has a Netflix account and I’ll watch comedy specials on occasion on the iPad. •	I don’t subscribe to any music streaming. •	Come to think of it, I’ve never been that much into entertainment – I don’t buy tickets to concerts, sports games, or movies (I am in the minority for sure – a lot of people around me love 

I enjoy the luxuries in life but also learned a couple smarts ways to save money and keep expenses low. Cutting expenses helped me go from living paycheck to paycheck to building up an emergency savings and growing investment portfolio in just 12 months. Here’s are some of my top ways to cut down personal expenses. I got rid of my car. Owning a car can cost up to $700+ for your car note, gas, maintenance, etc. I walk or use Uber to get around the city. I do plan to buy a car in the future and I will buy a used car for cash to avoid having a car loan.I quit smoking. Smoking is bad for your health 

Here’s something I do, and I will continue to add to the list if I can think of more： Figure out the best housing solution over the BUY vs RENT question and keep monthly payment lowNo matter what you do in your situation, it is wise to keep your monthly housing payment below 30% of your income. My current monthly housing payment including mortgage payment, HOA fee, insurance, tax, and most utilities is 20% of my before-tax monthly salary.Live close to workI always live less than 15 minutes drive from walk. Within 10 minutes is even better. It is even better if you can walk or bike to work. It

I’ve never been a financially responsible person. That’s not to say that I blow my money on expensive, needless shit, but I was never the kid to save and save and save. Whenever my wallet was full, I used my money for instant personal gratification.  (Me, after having used my money for instant personal gratification) Only recently did I realise I need to start saving money, but I like to think I’ve started off strongly. Here’s everything I’ve changed about my lifestyle in order to cut expenses. No more fast food when I’m out and I’m hungry. If I’m hungry, I eat from the grocery store, or even better

I have really developed this habit of saving over the last few years which has helped me save 8–9,000 each month: Travelling: I am completely reliable on public transport for my daily commute and never have I felt the need of owning a car. This has not only helped me save monthly expenses in the form of fuel and maintenance but also allows me to read something while travelling.Monthly saving: INR 3,000Television: I rarely watch daily soaps on TV, all I watch on TV is news and sports. So I decided to ditch the monthly TV subscription and bought an Amazon fire stick. I can watch news, sports and

Me personally? Well, I’ve cut extra spending by sticking religiously to the following… Groceries. We buy only the basics at the grocery store: veggies, milk, bread, egg, sugar, cheese, coffee, and high quality ice cream. If I try a generic brand and I can’t tell the difference, then I’m buying the generic brand.City. We choose not to live in a gated community or the most expensive part of town. We choose something in the middle.Cars. I like driving nice-ish cars, but if it’s a German car it has to have warranty on it. I don’t want to pay $1K for an electric bug.Flying. We don’t fly first class,

How do you spend your monthly salary?
29, Male, living in Australia, Educational qualifications Masters, But working as a Security Officer in the control room for one of Australia’s finest university. My monthly salary is around 5500–7000 AUD before tax, it always fluctuates depending on the overtime hours. I have given a loan to someone, which gives me around 600 AUD per month in the form of interest payment. My Monthly expenses I live in 3 bedrooms shared house, my monthly rent is 530 AUD, I pay around 150 AUD in utility bill (Electricity, Water, Gas and Internet) per month and around 150–200 AUD for grocery bill. Mobile Bill: 60 AUD 

I spent most of my money on travelling. I’ve been in more than 20 countries over the past 5 years. (I’ve been in some of them multiple times) I live by the motto: “The only real treasure is in your head. Memories are better than diamonds and nobody can steal them from you.” Because of that, I don’t waste money on luxury materialistic possessions and rather travel. I could have new Mercedes A-Class Sedan for the money I spent on holidays but I would never trade it back. I really treasure adventures that I had a chance to embark upon. Some of the people that I met on my holidays became almost like m 

I just left my full-time this month after being able to save 80% of my net salary for the majority of my employment term. I am now pursuing entrepreneurial endeavors. I took my budgeting very seriously and had my own custom Excel spreadsheet to track my spending each month. This was generally how my spending went.  Before the check even hit my bank account, almost 45% of it would already be deducted for various taxes, social security, Medicare, health benefits and contributions to my pre-tax 401K and HSA accounts. Fixed Expenses: HomeMy home expenses consist of principal, interest, property tax an 

I am a 30yr old female currently living in New York working as a Pediatric Critical Care Physician and I make $405k pre-tax per year and additional bonus which I typically receive at the end of each fiscal year. A lil background about me, I graduated from one of the top med schools in my state in India and moved to the US to pursue my residency. IMGs (International medical grads) have fewer residency opportunities when compared to AMGs (American medical grads). I wanted to get into a surgical field but being an IMG, I had to resort to a non-surgical field. My salary (or stipend) was $62–65k/yr  

I am a recently married expat staying in Singapore. One thing to consider while staying is Singapore is the rent. The real estate prices are so high that it ends up taking bulk of your salary just to pay rents unless you own a place of your own. My spending habits majorly consists of the following. All values in Singapore dollars Rent: Since i was a bachelor and was ok with sharing my place with others. I used to pay around 800-900 $ for rent while sharing my place with 2 others. This is the highest single expenditure I made. Since being married we do not share our place with anyone. I pay rent  

31 y female living in Germany. For the last year I have been trying to adapt to a more minimalistic lifestyle. These are my expense per month Expenses Rent 500 Euro ( I share rent with one other person) Groceries ~300 Euros Gym ~50 Euros Internet / Mobile ~75 Euros Spotify ~5 Euros (Family account) Eating out / Take away ~100 Euros Total : ~1100 Euros Savings Savings account (Easy Access) 500 Euros Investment account 1000 Euros Vacation fund 200 Euros Total: 1700 Euros Give Away Sponsoring Education 100 Euros Sponsoring Home/Living Expenses 300 Euros Random acts of kindness 100 Euros Total : 500 Grand Total : ~3 

I live in Bangalore, I am ~30 years old and I make around INR 6L per month (after tax). This is how I waste it: I pay 60K as rent and live in a lavish house in a good part of the cityNetflix subscription which me and family useI pay for dropbox annual subscription to keep my docs safeI pay for bills (milk, internet, grocery, medicines, fuel etc) which amount to almost 40K as I buy all things top notch quality(read: claimed as organic)I pay for help: 4 maids (2 for cleaning, 2 for cooking), 1 car cleaner, 1 laundry person, 1 gym trainer, 1 driver. This amounts to about 50KEating out: We eat out 

Writing anonymously as many of my friends, relatives on Quora. So I am an IT Manager 32 year old, married with a kid. So how I waste or spent, Salary around 1,20,000 per month after tax and VA yearly around 1.5- 2.0 l House Rent = 22000 I am living in Bangalore. Car loan emi = 11000 - I own a sedan. Fuel Expenses - 8000 pm Kids School fee - 5000 pm paid annually Maid, dth, electricity, mobile - 6000 pm Grocery,milk, vegetables, fruits - 15000 - dmart helps in control it. Annual Travel and wandering last year was 1,20,000 - means around 10k we usually visit at least 1 new place every month globe trotters 

I am a married woman, Age 27, working in a digital marketing company. My monthly salary is INR 27,500. If I don't take any leave in a month, I get an additional INR 1500 added to my salary as attendance bonus (and I try to achieve it every month as this pays me additional money. Also if you don't take any leaves, paid leaves in your bucket don't get utilized and one can get them encashed at the end of the year = more money). I take a leave only in case of an extreme emergency. Even if I am not well, I take a medicine and reach office as I like to be regular, also don't like money getting deduc 

I used to live in Bangalore(before Quarantine ;)). I work for Robert Bosch as an Vehicle communications Engineer. My current CTC is 8.4Lakhs/annum. We have concept of 10% of variable pay so my “take hand” rounds to 61,550 rupees. My philosophy about money is, If there is a need to spend, don’t even back out to spend any amount; but not even a single penny should be wasted. In my initial days of my job I made a lot of mistakes with money. After realization I became super conscious about spending it. My expenses: House rent : 8000 Rupees. I live alone in a single room at Maratahalli. It’s not a lav

What small thing do you do that saves a lot of money?
When renewing car insurance, use two or three comparison websites and call two or three companies that don't appear on comparison websites. Then, if you find a quote cheaper than your current company, phone that company and see if they'll match or better the cheapest quote. In addition, be careful to specify which extras you think are worthwhile. For instance, I always buy the legal expenses extension. Most policies nowadays have a compulsory excess On at least some items. If you're not at fault, the legal expenses service will pursue the third party for your excess, saving you lots of time an 

Some of these are similar to other answers so sorry for any redundancy….. -My prepaid Verizon smartphone was only $40. The one I had before, that got messed up and was the reason I had to get the $40 one, was only $29. (The one I replaced lasted about 2 years though). -I don't have a phone plan/contract. I use wifi and I have been doing this for the last few months. At some point I might have to go back to the real thing but it’s as convenient as I need it to be for right now. -I take public transportation and on occasion, Lyft (although I do want to get a car soon). I walk a lot as well if where 

Well, there are certain things I do which indeed saves me a lot of money. I don’t have an Instagram account.I do have a Facebook and twitter account, but I hardly use it. I keep my friends and followers to a minimum.I only have friends in my life with whom I have a real friendship. I’m in regular touch with them and they fill up my life.Let me go deep in my answer. I’ll answer in a roundabout way, but bear with me they’ll all make sense in a while.  Let us revisit 3 rich people of our times. Mukesh Ambani  source: https://www.architecturaldigest.in/content/mukesh-ambani-antilia-home-mumbai/#s-cust0 T 

The very first thing I did and do is to take l00% of all bills and other expenses I know I have during the year - car, gas, internet, rent, food, etc., etc. I make up a grand total budget for the year and then make 12 pages - one for each month - so the must bills are on each sheet and others that come quarterly or bi-annually will go under the correct month. If too many things fall in one month, I make arrangements to have a payment date in another month. I allow myself l0% for emergencies. I live by that budget almost to the penny - income vs. expenses. I have done this for about 30 years an 

It is a matter of many Do’s and Don’ts. Here is a summary of those. Don’t invest what remains after spending – spend what remains after investing – Warren Buffet. 1. Saving is more important -not the earning alone: 2. Avoid DEBT TRAP - Do not take loan to buy something. Don’t be lured by EMI. Save first and then buy. 3. Create an emergency fund equaling 6 months of your entire expenses. 4. Get Medical insurance: A few days in hospital can cost you a fortune. 5. Don’t let credit card debt mess up your finances: Don’t be lured by paying minimum due amount or EMI facility. Any unpaid balance costs hell 

Peter, It’s not what I do that saves money, it’s what I don’t do. So it doesn’t take effort. The first thing I don’t do is buy crap I don’t need. For example, I don’t need the illusionary status of having a new car. So I’ve never bought one. Most of the cost of car ownership is due to depreciation, especially in the first two years. So I buy cars 2–3 years old, lower than average mileage, that have been taken care of. My current car is 10 years old now and still going strong, so I don’t need to replace it. The second thing I don’t do is neglect what I have. I spent good money on the things I have 

I won’t call my trick a small thing. I buy classic clothing such as pencil skirts, business suits, the little black dress and so forth. I buy superior quality clothing. I have in my wardrobe currently some items that are 24 years old and are still being worn. I accept used clothing from my sisters. This has saved me a lot of money over many years. I purchase clothing infrequently but their superior quality extends their lifespan. I infrequently (like once every 2 -3 years) purchase a pair of superior quality shoes (including formal office shoes, causal sandals, winter boots). Their lifespan is 

“Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.” -Antoine de Saint-Exupery Simplify Your Life I simplified my life and avoided unnecessary purchases. This translated to moving into a smaller place and removing things that no longer add value to my life. They included: Dining tableTelevisionCouchCoffee tableUnused clothesUnutilized utensils and cookware Owning less has allowed me to appreciate what I do have. Because everything I now possess has importance and serves a unique purpose. Downsizing created the following benefits: Lower overhead 

· Believe it or not, I cook my own meals. This alone saves a lot of money for me, keeps me grounded and humble whenever I do choose to treat myself at a fancy place once in a while. · Public commute is my choice of transportation. If you have a good commute system in your city, make use of it unless you have medical reasons which is completely fine. · Crazy about tech but not foolish to invest heavily in them. Which means I keep a few essentials besides my smartphone and laptop. · Only buy clothes once a year. The trick is to invest in good quality so it can work for you longer. Good quality does 

Question: What small thing do you do that save a lot of money? Answer: A bunch of little things that add up. I shower at the gym. It reduces my hot water bill.Don’t smoke. Never have. Saved a fortune compared with friends who do, even the ones chewing nicotine gum instead.Do my exercises to stay fit and healthy. It’s hard work, but it has saved me a fortune in health bills over the years.Clean my teeth frequently and eat very little in the way of sugary foods and drinks. Barely ever touch something like Coca Cola, and when I do I brush my teeth immediately. Saves a lot on the dental bills.Seldom

What are some small ways to make or save money?
These are all working for me! Best of luck. Adopt an eclectic fashion sense so you can wear cool retro and vintage pieces. If patchwork plaids or slouchy hats are having a moment, you should be able to find these for just a few dollars second hand or borrow them from older friends and relatives for free. Bleach, embroider, patch, tie dye, and otherwise embellish your own garments for pennies. Choose clothing colors, patterns, and styles that work well together. The more you know, the less you need. Before you buy something new, challenge yourself to give away something old to charity or another  

1). Bulk buy when you see an offer. We all need toilet paper, tooth paste and other essentials. If you see a genuinely good offer online, bulk buy. You could instantly save yourself $100 a year or more per bulk buy. That could be worth savings of $1,000 a year or more. This money can be used to invest and compound. Indirectly, that is $100,000 or more over a lifetime, once the compounding comes into play. 2). Don’t spend a high percentage of your income on rent. 3). Luxuries should really be luxuries. No matter how much money you are making, staying in a good 4 star hotel won’t be much worse tha 

Some ways which I have been using to save money (both knowingly and unknowingly) are: No smoking. I do this as a personal choice. Only in the recent years I have realised that how much it has saved me monetarily, in terms of health and related costs.No booze. Again, doing it as a personal choice. I have reaped huge savings due to it. Even while joining friends in a pub, a normal fizzy drink instead of anything alcoholic saves a lot. Moreover, one no alcoholic beverage is enough for me.Making my own coffee. I hardly buy a coffee from a coffee shop. Whenever, I feel the urge to have it, I make it

 You want to save money for your next vacation?  For something that is important to you?  Or just to save or invest? This is great, we will learn today to save money without reducing spending draconian manner.  But first I'd like to tell you something... You've probably heard someone say how to make money or how easy it is to save money (without implementing it in their own personal finances ...). Easier said than done so... Indeed, everyone knows that it is smarter to save money in the long run.  But many of us are still struggling to do so. Why? Simply by lack of goals... If you have specific financial 

Well, I don’t know about others but this small habit of mine has helped me multiples times from paying additional money while shopping at stores or supermarkets. Going back to the story, it was Saturday and I had to go and shop the basic needs. I went to the nearby supermarket known as BhatBhateni to get my stuff. While shopping, I do check prices of every item while picking up and keeping them in my basket. It was same today, I picked up everything which I needed and had in my list to buy. Well, I can show you my basket which is the below image.  I went to the counter and billed my stuff. The tot 

Hello. Several factors are important. Self discipline is a critical habit. Open a savings account together with your current account in your bank. Give standing instructions to your bank to transfer X amount to your saving account on your pay cheque day.Delay purchases. When you go shopping make a list of items necessary for home and self use. If you are tempted to buy any items not listed, do not buy, and say to yourself you will buy next time.Try to buy items in promotion. You can save 10 to 15 percent.Look after your health so big medical bills can be avoided.Avoid alcohol and smokes. They d

Balancing your checkbook at the end of the month can be challenging. You want to keep your Netflix and your cable TV! Your car or home insurance payments have steadily crept up year after year! You’ve been procrastinating about cancelling that gym membership you no longer use! Whatever the issue, here are 14 tips to help you keep more of your money. Start tracking your spending: Fixed expenses like monthly rent, student loan payments and car loan payments are easy to track. Where most people get tripped up is controlling what their discretionary income goes towards. So, when you find yourself a

To read the original article, head over to The Lean House Effect, but here’s a taste… Cutting Costs I will try and write an entire article in May 2020 and not say anything about the elephant in the room. Given the current global situation, which shall not be named, I’d like to give you a really simple and helpful tool that will improve your finances drastically. It’s called The Rule of 15. Everyone is trying to cut their costs and preserve cash because they’re feeling some level of financial uncertainty right now. The worst thing you can do is stop investing your money every single month. I know t 

I actually wrote a full blog post answering this question; here’s a section that might help you: You really have to stop spending money on crap. Even though everyone is telling you, “You deserve it! Go ahead and buy what you want, when you want it, and do whatever makes you happy!” But, I’m telling you- just stop. Just flip that notion on its head. Be courageous and try to live life just a little more modestly right now. By so doing, you will be able to be in a much better position to have everything that you really want- when it is REALLY good for you. And that is when you can afford it!! You may 

For me, it was deleting the Amazon app. But it's very subjective - in what area do you tend to spend the most money, and then regret later? Some expenses are actually wonderful - they provide us with great value for what we paid. For me, an example of that is Airpods - they allow me to have better workouts in the gym, call my wife when I’m walking somewhere, or just generally keep me motivated when I’m getting ready in the mornings. Sure, wired headphones could do that too - but Airpods are just easier for me. Some expenses, however, suck - we regret them days, weeks, or months after the purchas 

How do you spend your monthly salary?
29, Male, living in Australia, Educational qualifications Masters, But working as a Security Officer in the control room for one of Australia’s finest university. My monthly salary is around 5500–7000 AUD before tax, it always fluctuates depending on the overtime hours. I have given a loan to someone, which gives me around 600 AUD per month in the form of interest payment. My Monthly expenses I live in 3 bedrooms shared house, my monthly rent is 530 AUD, I pay around 150 AUD in utility bill (Electricity, Water, Gas and Internet) per month and around 150–200 AUD for grocery bill. Mobile Bill: 60 AUD 

I spent most of my money on travelling. I’ve been in more than 20 countries over the past 5 years. (I’ve been in some of them multiple times) I live by the motto: “The only real treasure is in your head. Memories are better than diamonds and nobody can steal them from you.” Because of that, I don’t waste money on luxury materialistic possessions and rather travel. I could have new Mercedes A-Class Sedan for the money I spent on holidays but I would never trade it back. I really treasure adventures that I had a chance to embark upon. Some of the people that I met on my holidays became almost like m 

I just left my full-time this month after being able to save 80% of my net salary for the majority of my employment term. I am now pursuing entrepreneurial endeavors. I took my budgeting very seriously and had my own custom Excel spreadsheet to track my spending each month. This was generally how my spending went.  Before the check even hit my bank account, almost 45% of it would already be deducted for various taxes, social security, Medicare, health benefits and contributions to my pre-tax 401K and HSA accounts. Fixed Expenses: HomeMy home expenses consist of principal, interest, property tax an 

I am a 30yr old female currently living in New York working as a Pediatric Critical Care Physician and I make $405k pre-tax per year and additional bonus which I typically receive at the end of each fiscal year. A lil background about me, I graduated from one of the top med schools in my state in India and moved to the US to pursue my residency. IMGs (International medical grads) have fewer residency opportunities when compared to AMGs (American medical grads). I wanted to get into a surgical field but being an IMG, I had to resort to a non-surgical field. My salary (or stipend) was $62–65k/yr  

I am a recently married expat staying in Singapore. One thing to consider while staying is Singapore is the rent. The real estate prices are so high that it ends up taking bulk of your salary just to pay rents unless you own a place of your own. My spending habits majorly consists of the following. All values in Singapore dollars Rent: Since i was a bachelor and was ok with sharing my place with others. I used to pay around 800-900 $ for rent while sharing my place with 2 others. This is the highest single expenditure I made. Since being married we do not share our place with anyone. I pay rent  

31 y female living in Germany. For the last year I have been trying to adapt to a more minimalistic lifestyle. These are my expense per month Expenses Rent 500 Euro ( I share rent with one other person) Groceries ~300 Euros Gym ~50 Euros Internet / Mobile ~75 Euros Spotify ~5 Euros (Family account) Eating out / Take away ~100 Euros Total : ~1100 Euros Savings Savings account (Easy Access) 500 Euros Investment account 1000 Euros Vacation fund 200 Euros Total: 1700 Euros Give Away Sponsoring Education 100 Euros Sponsoring Home/Living Expenses 300 Euros Random acts of kindness 100 Euros Total : 500 Grand Total : ~3 

I live in Bangalore, I am ~30 years old and I make around INR 6L per month (after tax). This is how I waste it: I pay 60K as rent and live in a lavish house in a good part of the cityNetflix subscription which me and family useI pay for dropbox annual subscription to keep my docs safeI pay for bills (milk, internet, grocery, medicines, fuel etc) which amount to almost 40K as I buy all things top notch quality(read: claimed as organic)I pay for help: 4 maids (2 for cleaning, 2 for cooking), 1 car cleaner, 1 laundry person, 1 gym trainer, 1 driver. This amounts to about 50KEating out: We eat out 

Writing anonymously as many of my friends, relatives on Quora. So I am an IT Manager 32 year old, married with a kid. So how I waste or spent, Salary around 1,20,000 per month after tax and VA yearly around 1.5- 2.0 l House Rent = 22000 I am living in Bangalore. Car loan emi = 11000 - I own a sedan. Fuel Expenses - 8000 pm Kids School fee - 5000 pm paid annually Maid, dth, electricity, mobile - 6000 pm Grocery,milk, vegetables, fruits - 15000 - dmart helps in control it. Annual Travel and wandering last year was 1,20,000 - means around 10k we usually visit at least 1 new place every month globe trotters 

I am a married woman, Age 27, working in a digital marketing company. My monthly salary is INR 27,500. If I don't take any leave in a month, I get an additional INR 1500 added to my salary as attendance bonus (and I try to achieve it every month as this pays me additional money. Also if you don't take any leaves, paid leaves in your bucket don't get utilized and one can get them encashed at the end of the year = more money). I take a leave only in case of an extreme emergency. Even if I am not well, I take a medicine and reach office as I like to be regular, also don't like money getting deduc 

I used to live in Bangalore(before Quarantine ;)). I work for Robert Bosch as an Vehicle communications Engineer. My current CTC is 8.4Lakhs/annum. We have concept of 10% of variable pay so my “take hand” rounds to 61,550 rupees. My philosophy about money is, If there is a need to spend, don’t even back out to spend any amount; but not even a single penny should be wasted. In my initial days of my job I made a lot of mistakes with money. After realization I became super conscious about spending it. My expenses: House rent : 8000 Rupees. I live alone in a single room at Maratahalli. It’s not a lav

What are some lifestyle changes that save money?
How much does an Indian software engineer save per year working in the USA?
What are some lifestyle changes that save money?
A. Do not go into debt: Never buy anything you cannot afford to fully pay upfront. You don't need 99% of that stuff anyway. This applies not only to expensive stuff but also to cheap things as well. They just add clutter to your life and clutter is very bad, so do not buy them.  Occasionally, you will really need something (like a bike to commute, a hat to keep you warm, a decent shirt, a new computer, etc.): in these cases, do not buy the cheapest thing on earth either. You are buying something that you really need so it is better for it to last. Buy something that will be durable even if it  

Well I would really like to share my opinion about this. If you are able to access the website like Quora then at this moment of time you're in really good position and you can get your finances together to you consciously work towards it. I would be answering the specific questions asked by you, however I have few points as general guidelines, which I would like to mention first. You do not have to do large modifications.  Do not fall victim for instant gratification. It is the biggest killer of the modern era. I really would like to concur with Terrence Yang's opinion on this.Start living simpl

Here are some lifestyle changes that will save money: HAVE MORE SOCIAL SKILLS People who have more social skills can get along well with others, even the difficult ones. So if you are anti-social, you’ll definitely spend more money. This is why. If you prefer to stay alone, your daily expenses will go up. anti-social people don’t ask for help and prefer to quietly spend a lot more to get more privacy. Anti-social people are also less friendly. I would rather help a cheerful person than an anti-social person anything. EMULATE BUT DON’T BE A MINIMALIST Minimalists have a few strong points about not wast 

Read up on behavioral economics and think about the ways that your own spending decisions are biased. A dollar is a dollar, not a percentage of what you're buying Remember that saving 5% on a $10000 item is not at all like saving 5% on a $10 item. But in order to process decision problems at different scales, the brain tends to normalize things so the two cases appear similar. Ever since I studied behavioral economics, I started spending less time worrying about saving 20 cents on spaghetti, but I spent a lot of time thinking about what car to buy and making sure I got a good deal on it. You can 

Instead of making my own coffee, I bought a latte at a cafe every day. Sometimes two.  Before this, I use to be the sort of person who goes an hour out of his way on the bus to farmers’ markets so I could buy my week of groceries for $25 (compared to $100 at Safeway/Kroger next door). Then I would spend the week eating very affordable home-cooked meals in a very affordably priced apartment I spent two months searching for. Free gym in the basement. I started my mornings with a passable cup of coffee brewed at home, costing about $0.30-$0.50 per cup. Over a year, I spent the least I could and sta 

These answers are all fine and good, but to really dig into saving money you need advice from a real cheapskate.   I mean, someone who has been raised by penny-pinching, guilt-wracked children of Depression-era parents. We didn't get cable TV, and I often wore clothes from Goodwill, but I can tell you how to make that ole' eagle grin.  Take note: - First thing, right off: start putting 10% of every dollar you get into a savings account.  Plan for tough times and then put 30% or more into the savings account.  Stick to your plan. - Make damned sure that you are doing online banking for every checki 

 Two-and-a-half years ago, on a quiet Sunday morning, I quietly counted up all the debt that I accumulated. The total amount fell right under $50,000. I was young and inexperienced with financial matters. I knew that I was heading towards a life of misery and destitution if I didn’t get my house in order. Over the last while, I’ve slowly changed my spending and saving habits. It wasn’t easy, and I often grew impatient and frustrated at the length of the journey. But if you start small, perhaps incorporate one or two actions at a time, you’ll slowly start to see more and more money leftover in yo 

Practice gratitude. I managed to have everything I wanted, instantly. In less than an hour.It was pretty cool. In the morning I was anxious and driven by a need to acquire more things. By the evening, all my desires were fulfilled. If you're thinking I went on a huge spending spree, you're wrong. That's only one way to get everything you want. You can go out, earn lots of money, and then buy all those things. That's the common path.  But here's the problem. We're hardwired to always want more, to strive for better, to want to improve our lot in life. And we're competitive. We're always looking s 

Here are my thoughts:  Associate money with freedom, not with things, the more you have on the bank account, the more you feel secure. You have more choices, you are relaxed and people see this.Marry a right person – this one is critical! If you marry a woman who is desperate if she doesn’t have new Gucci , Prada etc… shoes every 2 months or guy who has to buy Harley Davidson but you are still paying your college debt off , you are never ever going to be even close to getting rich Train yourself to be unhappy if you don’t save a specific amount of money every month – I know this sounds harsh 

Necessity sometimes creates the best savings innovations.  This is how my wife and I went from a $16,000-$18,000 per month living expense to under $3,000 per month. The Small Stuff As many have said cooking at home can save you bundles. We went from a family of four eating out 5-6 days a week for lunches, and 3-4 days a week for dinners to ZERO eating out. We calculated total food savings to be approximately $800 per month. Annual Savings about $9,600.00Buy unprocessed raw store brand products. Do not buy products based on coupons they are still generally more expensive than the store brand and 

How much money do you save by driving a Tesla?
We are on our 3rd EV, we entered the market fairly cautiously by doing two 2-year leases with the BMW i3 REX. This is the model that comes with a generator that kicks on and charges the battery if you are running low on the battery. We did this for 2 reasons; first, we couldn’t afford the Model S, and second my wife has a 90 mile commute and we weren’t confident enough in quoted ranges. About a year ago we pulled the trigger on the Model 3 mid-range with the only upgrades being the white interior and the autopilot. We didn’t even spend a penny on exterior color because it just didn’t seem worth 

For me, yes, but it may not for others. It depends so much on one’s overall approach to personal finance. I’ll try to explain what I mean. One’s financial health is often determined by how he or she handles recurring costs. Recurring costs can eat you alive, and yet, they go almost unnoticed in the lives of many people. An example of a recurring cost is the cost of ink for your inkjet printer. The cost of the printer itself is incredibly low. You can buy one for under $100 in the U.S. It’s the recurring cost of buying ink cartridges that has the most impact on your printing budget. Another exam 

Before buying my Model 3, I did some analysis comparing it with a BMW 320i (G20 generation) as that would have been the alternative I would have bought to replace the family BMW 320d. I calculated TCO over 8 years of usage which also gives overall annual savings, and also CO2 footprint analysis (BEP analysis). My situation is based on the Netherlands / Europe. From my calculation I used mileage of 21000 km/yr or 13000 miles/yr. I used actual gasoline price, realistic consumptions on base of experience with ICEs (only BMW RWD) and online data for a Model 3 LR AWD (NextMove’s test data mainly), a 

Point of importance, my answer answers *how much money do TWO Teslas save (gas) annually. My wife and I both drive Teslas. We own zero 20th century ICE marvels anymore. Together we drive ~42,000 miles per year. I used to burn roughly 1,400 gallons of gas per year. My bride, about 1,000 gallons per year. We find most folks a bit delusional about their gas usage. Many would be shocked how much they burn. 2,400 gallons. Mine was premium. Wife's was regular. We save about $7,700 per year. But we spend an extra $1,320 on electricity. Total actual savings $6,380. Fun anecdote common in this discussion in 

Maybe. It depends. First of all, EV’s won’t work for you if you don’t have a convenient and economical place to charge it. i.e. at home and/or subsidised at work. The magic of an EV is that they are charged and ready to go when you need them, and their maintenance and operating costs are very, very low. If you are buying a new vehicle of similar size or performance, a Tesla will probably save you money especially if you drive a lot. If you don’t buy new cars, well, it becomes more difficult to justify but you can do the math pretty easy. Including maintenance, a Tesla costs 5–8 cents/mile to oper 

I own two Teslas. A Model S, that’s 7 years old and a Model X that’s 2 years old. First of all, I can tell you that they are fantastic cars. But your question is about cost. I have not done dollars and cents calculation, but here are some reasons, why I believe you will end up saving money, over an ICE car of comparable price. Resale value - Tesla cars have much better resale value than other premium ICE cars.Very little unscheduled maintenance - Our older Tesla, Model S, had a few issues early on (because it was early build car), but Tesla fixed them for free. Since then, no issues, and I have 

A year and two weeks ago, we took delivery of our 2018 Tesla Model 3. In that year we have driven it 10,363 miles and consumed 3,017 kilowatt hours of electricity. The efficiency has been a little better than the rated 300Wh/mile, averaging 291. At our normal electricity rate of $0.08/kWh, this equates to $241.36 for an entire year of charging, or about $20 per month.Conversely, both the 2003 Element and 2004 TL, which were the vehicles the 3 replaced, conservatively averaged 25MPG. Honestly, it was more like 22, but this makes the math easy. Anyway, driving either of those vehicles the same  

Compared to what? It's a premium car so it should be compared to other premium cars su h as a BMW M3 or similar sized top end audi. Initial cost wise, they are similar. Fuel Wil be about 10x less for the Tesla. Maintenance is almost non-existant for the Tesla. German cars are crazy expensive to maintain. But I'm guessing that wasn't what you were really asking. There is a recent study claiming that a mid-level model 3 cost less that a mid level Honda accord or mid-level Toyota camry. That's total cost of ownership - TCO, for 5 years. Teslas are expected to last longer than gas cars, so the tota 

It’s been awhile since I’ve done this calculation, and gas prices have continued their usual ups and downs, and my electricity costs have gone down, but I will give you figures for what I saved in one year when I got my first Nissan LEAF. This should be reasonably accurate for my Tesla Model 3 because they both get right around 4 miles/kWh. Also, I am comparing to the gas car that my LEAF displaced, which got about 25mpg. Finally, I added in oil change savings as well. Altogether, I was saving about $200/month ($2400/year) in fuel &amp; maintenance costs with the LEAF. It’s probably a bit less thes 

In short, yes, it saves money on gas and, the big one, maintenance cost. Having said that, the Model S and X are not cars you buy because one saves money on the gas and maintenance. Those two models are priced at a premium and appeal largely to the pioneer purchasers, who are the first to adopt any new technology and are not bothered by the costs and can afford it. I’d argue that the cost to buy a Tesla S or X is prohibitive for many people, even though it saves money on gas and maintenance. The Model 3 is antirely different story. That is a car which will compete head to head with major car man 

What are your top 5 rules to be financially free?
Financial freedom is defined as the ability to live for the rest of your life without having to work for money.  You wanted my top 5 rules to be financially free, but I’m giving you a bonus of five, so what do you have to lose? These are NOT exactly the 10 rules for financial freedom used in conventional wisdom, but they work for me. Avoid getting a job at all cost. Never trade your time for money. You’ll just be setting yourself up to become a slave for someone for the rest of your productive life. It is better to suffer the inconvenience of going broke initially, but in the end it pays dividends

Honestly, asking for “rules” is bullshit. There aren’t 5 rules that, if everybody would just follow them, would turn people into financially-independent souls with perpetual smiles on their faces. It doesn’t work that way. We are all very different people, and what works for you may not work for me, and visa versa. Don’t consume yourself with “rules” to succeed. Rules don’t apply in an organic life like the one we all lead. I can tell you, however, what worked for my wife and me. We retired at 35 and 33, respectfully, and now live 100% in an Airstream and travel the country. 1: Understand what yo 

My top 5 rules to allow financial flexibility are:- Save on every penny! No joke, watch what you buy and make sure you get every penny worth. If you buy a £1000 bag make sure that bag lasts a decade. If you buy a £150 whisky make sure it tastes phenomenal. Do not spend on things which are of no value. Supreme shirt cost $200 but last as much as a cheap $2 shirt without a logo.Save first and spend on what you can afford. Automatically my income sends monies to all my savings pots for each household in the house and also investment pots. With the leftover, I spend it on a monthly basis. So I can 

“Academic qualifications are important and so is financial education. They're both important and schools are forgetting one of them.” ― Robert Kiyosaki 1. Eliminate Debt If you have debt (student loans, credit cards, purchases, etc.), eliminating it as soon as possible should be your first priority! The reason for that is the longer it takes for you to pay it off, the more you will have to pay on interest. An easy way for you to reduce and eliminate debt is to set up automatic monthly payment plans. Simply put aside each month a certain amount (percentage of your income) and dedicate that towards pa 

I am mostly experimenting with the ones below: Save or pay yourself first. This I learned from reading The Richest Man in Babylon (the 10% savings rule) and Rich Dad, Poor Dad. I have used most of the savings I have made, but the habit of saving is valuable and has aided in getting rid of debt.Get rid of debt. Trust me. Money is valuable because it gives you options. Debt means your options are owned by someone else. You will find yourself, as I did, stuck in situations you don’t like and would likely not want to endure if you have debt. Especially if your debt is so big it could cripple you.St

In the “do what I say” and “what I wish I had known when I was 25” category, here they are… Embrace savings and shun debt. When you save, you earn interest or investment income. When you rack up debt that isn’t tied to an asset that is likely to appreciate in value — such as a house — you are paying out interest, and forfeiting money that you could have put aside for an emergency, to save for retirement, to use for something that is really important. All those casual dinners out that you put on your credit card? With interest, they add up to the vacation you never get to take.Be aware of your s

No debt, don’t see debt as an option. Debt is only viable to a successful business with lucrative cash flow, that requires a short period of credit to complete a project. You never have this need as a consumer, only as a business person. So don’t ever take on debt. Clear student debt as often as possible. Focus to get rid of it. Don’t take on any large debt, apart from a mortgage.Create products that will sell for a long time, then buy property and real estate from the profits. Dedicate a few years to product and agriculture development so that you have products that sell, generating you incom

For someone who has gotten in and out of dept multiple times I have learned the key methods. There are more than 5 but I will give my top ones that I can think of at the moment: Learning to examine your income, average monthly expenses and dept if any. Make sure to have a bank account that makes it easy to track your expenses. Preferably make all purchases with cash, keeping all receipts and bills paid or pay for everything with debit and look at your bank account to analize.Do not buy anything on credit (other than a car or home) that can’t be financed within one month. If you can avoid having

Set goalsI set goals for myself. I might achieve some, I might fall short in others. But at least I have a quantifiable target, and I know what I am working towards. These are the goals I have set for myself: Be financially free by 40Create at least 3 sources of passive incomeSave enough to go on an international trip once a yearHave a minimum of 5 different assets in my portfolio by age 40Get a health check up done once every yearYou will notice two things about these goals. First, all these goals are interlinked in some way. Second, I have a health goal, which seems like an odd one out. But t 

Read a lot of finance books like Rich Dad Poor Dad by Robert Kiyosaki and the intelligent investor by Benjamin Graham. Reading books like those will introduce you to the topic of finance and give you useful tips on taking control of your financials and might even contribute directly to your financial freedom.Watch videos from these same inspirational people, there are plenty of videos on YouTube of Robert Kiyosaki explaining financial freedom, and the steps necessary to reach it. While watching them, take notes and maybe watch each of them twice to further understand the topics discussed.Play 

What are the most important things to know about personal finance?
Hello, Here are ten powerful reasons why financial planning – with the help of an expert financial advisor – will get you where you want to be. Income: It's possible to manage income more effectively through planning. Managing income helps you understand how much money you'll need for tax payments, other monthly expenditures and savings.Cash Flow: Increase cash flows by carefully monitoring your spending patterns and expenses. Tax planning, prudent spending and careful budgeting will help you keep more of your hard earned cash.Capital: An increase in cash flow, can lead to an increase in capital

Here are 5 Life-Changing Financial Lessons I Wish I’d Been Taught  I don’t know what’s happening (or not happening) with Brexit, and I don’t care. I don’t know anything that’s going on in the world really. I don’t even have an opinion on Trump. I used to be obsessed with the news, thinking it would give me an advantage in business to be ‘in the know’ so I could spot opportunities, seem smart, and react to bad things happening. Then I learnt lesson number one. 1. Nothing that a politician or a terrorist does will impact your success People all over Facebook have been seriously pissed now for two year 

Few tips that will help you in the long term. Say no to credit cards.The interest rates are high,Your credit scores may affect your insurance if not used responsibly,There's an emotional pain associated with handing over hard currency that curbs spending, as opposed to mindless purchasing when using credit cards.  ​​​​​​​Invest when youngInvest as much as you can when you're young, the benefits will flow after 10 years. Try to cut down on unnecessary expenses. The initial years of investment will give the difference between you and others who start investing later. You'll learn the ti 

 As a personal finance blogger, I started my blog with the intent of sharing some financial tips &amp; strategies that helped me aggressively pay down the $50,000 of student loans that I owe. I document my journey, since I still have about $16,000 left, and open up about how much my relationship with money has changed over the past two years. The feedback has been great, but after having written about 60 blog posts, I realized that money management isn't just about money - it's a symptom of the disconnect between what we think we want (external motivations) and what we actually want (internal motiv 

 There are five stages of wealth. Which stage are you in?Stage 1: Debt Accumulation.You’re in this category if you overspend consistently or accumulate debts.Examples of debts are car loan, student or credit card debts.Enslaved by the banks or loan sharks, you’re probably cash-flow negative. You require external financial support to breathe.This is not a good stage to be in. It’s extremely stressful and unproductive.If you are here, the most important thing you can do is to consciously decide to get out this situation.Stage 2: Income Generation.Here, you start to have income. Note that I use th

Do what other do not — make your money work for you.  I manage my personal finance by following rules : I love my money, I DO NOT give away my money to :Apple or Samsung, (all made in China)McD or KFC or Pizza Hut, (all junk fast food, spoiling our health)Levi’s or UCB or Superdry, (all made in same factories, branding n pricing powered by marketing)PVR or Inox, (spending Rs500 to escape reality for 3–4 hours),DLF or Unitech or Hiranandani, (what I get it not worth my money),Pubs or Sports bars or Discs, (over priced drinks for a night - living?),Any car &gt;Rs 5,00,000 (Mercedes and Alto are stuck 

Single Most Important thing: Power of Compounding. Most people have studied compound interest during their school days, but still don't understand the power of compounding. Interestingly, it is the most useful concept taught during our formal education even upto post-graduate level. Albert Einstein once said, “Compounding is the 8th wonder of the world”. Let's take a simple example: Mr. X (age 24) invests 1 lakh in Fixed Deposits at 8% interest with reinvestment option and continues to compound this for 36 years. His friend Mr. Y (age 24) invests same amount in a stable bluechip stock or an equit 

Many things are included in personal finance.Some of the very important financial tips that everyone should know are as follows. Start a SIP at a very young age. Try to save atleast 15–25 % of your earnings.Do not let this sentence scare you. “Mutual fund investment are subject to market risk. Please read the offer documents carefully before investing”. Most people avoid investing in mutual funds just because of this one warning. Yes, there is a market risk, but look at the history and growth of mutual funds.Atleast 20% of your wealth should be liquid so you can utilize it when necessary.Consid

Firstly, understand that not even countries seem to know how to control their Personal Finance, so be humble and don't think that you know what your are doing. Because when you do, you might just start to foolishly increase your risk. Just try to cut down on the things that can go bad. Human brains are not particularly well wired for the issue of finance. Prof. at Harvard cannot beat index etc.Secondly, put your money where you have an edge. That is, for instance, in your business, invest in your children, or buy a nice trip. That is almost always money well spent. Putting your money in the fi

It’s important because you can get yourself into a lot of trouble. Let’s say you don’t know much about your personal finances and how they work. Your bank offers you a credit card with a $5,000 limit. Because you don’t understand personal finance, you accept the credit card and go buy a $5,000 TV because you have all of this credit to use. Turns out that you only get a net salary of $2,000 per month. But you don’t know that because you don’t pay attention to your salary. Just goes into your bank account. Your rent is $1,000 per month and you usually spend whatever else you have left in your bank a 

How can you make a large inheritance last?
By not spending it. Seriously, it’s amazing how many people have some money land in their lap (through inheritance, lottery win or similar) and figure they are rich now so it’s time they lived like a rich person. Because, you know, they deserve it. The trouble is those people tend not to understand the difference between capital and income. They also don’t understand the difference between acquisition cost and operating cost. Capital is great as a buffer but if you’re using it as a source of income you’d better understand cashflows and return on investment and things like that. If you give most  

Your question really asks, “how can a person preserve his liquid assets &amp; earn a sizable return?” Even though you fail to define “sizeable”, I will assume a minimum of $1 million shekels. I will also assume the person is a hypothetical beneficiary named Morty. Given that inflation is currently at around 2%, if Morty just left it in a bank at a rate of even 1% ( see Synchrony bank) he would be losing 1% annually. Further, since the FDIC. only insures up to $250,000 per depositor, per institution and per ownership category, Morty would be placing 75% of his shekels at risk in the event of a covere 

I had 2 friends who both inherited a sizeable amount of money. Friend 1: Inherited cash Both parents died within a year of each other. He inherited a lot of cash and a house. He sold the house and got more cash. He bought a house and 2 new cars. He loved sports cars, so he got a really nice sports car that a 30 year old bachelor would enjoy driving. And he got an SUV for outdoor sports that he loved to do. He met a girl, fell in love, and got married. She insisted that they move into a “place of their own”. He sold his house in a hurry. At a huge loss. They bought a new house. In the most expensive p 

Thanks for the A2A. Four requirements immediately come to mind: Establish a budget.Secure your inheritance.Allow yourself up to 10% for initial “Mad Money".Practice, or develop, the skill of telling friends and family “No”.Budget your money according to the amount of your inheritance (or lottery win), your needs, and the amount of time you expect to have this money last. Secure your inheritance by putting it into protected investments such as CDs, Inflation Protected Bonds, etc, and arrange for this/these accounts to periodically feed your drawing, or checking account. If possible, choose investm 

Thanks for the A2A Sean. I worked in the “inheritance” field for a large part of my first career before switching to real estate. It is actually very easy to make a large inheritance last. I had accounts from the 1800′s in my job that grew and never depleted. You CAN’T USE TOTAL RETURN CONCEPT when investing. You can’t treat gains as if they are income. Income is income and “principal” is principal. The “inheritance” is principal. The world has been protecting their family wealth this way for 100′s of years. You break down the % of the total portfolio as well based on the age of the beneficiary an 

An windfall is likely to disappear in a hurry unless a good plan is in place. If you have been struggling to make ends meet and suddenly have a large infusion of cash, things can be overwhelming. First, in such a situation, it is okay to spend a small amount on stuff you wanted but could not afford. Notice I said small. Take a little fun money out. When you see how fast that goes, it will reinforce the long term strategy. As for investing and safeguarding the rest, it might be wise to invest in at least an initial consultation with a financial planner to clarify goals and targets for this money. 

First of all, get a good financial planner, preferably someone whose credentials are not only good but who may have been recommended to you by a friend or relative. (Sometimes the latter is a better endorsement than degrees from the top business schools.) Once you have chosen this person and have established a good rapport with him/her, you should have a thorough discussion about your long-term goals. He/she should come to know you well enough to be able to understand how much money should be allocated for the type of spending that you do. If you go on a lot of vacations, naturally, the amount 

Hi Sean, I’ve never had a large inheritance, nor won the lottery, but if I did I would first set out and do considerable research on finding someone who comes with good references who can handle my money and invest it wisely, also perhaps limiting me to the amounts I can spend on certain things that the handler might find frivolous or wasteful. And no, I wouldn’t trust myself. I’d rather sign some sort of contract as a safeguard against my becoming a spendthrift, hiring a lawyer, and having him or her witness and sign it. Next, I would factor in a sum of money to be paid to the few best friends  

It depends on how large. First and foremost, live frugally. That goes a long way to making the money last. My maternal grandfather earned what was, for his village, a large sum of money working in the US. He didn’t want to bother with real estate (too much trouble managing properties and tenants) and put his money in the bank. WWII happened, and what could have purchased a few plots of land, and a few houses, got devalued to the point that the money that was left bought his son a bedroom set when he got married. it’s the basic formula any financial planner would give you. Diversify your investm 

How can you make a large inheritance last? WOW, Sean, wish I had this problem. Both my parents died young with nothing to leave for us kids. My advice to you would be to immediately hire a CPA and an Attorney to review your situation with you. Make sure it is someone that has experience with large inheritances, and be sure to get references on them before you actually hire them. Listen to their advice but also do some additional research on your own. The very best thing you can do is educate yourself on personal finance. It’s easy to get wrapped up in the excitement of coming into a large sum of  

Is it worth taking out a loan to pay for a house?
Bill buys a rental house for $100,000 cash. Peter also has $100,000 and wants to invest on the same street. But rather than buying one house, he buys 4, $100,000 houses with $25,000 down on each and takes out loans to cover the rest of the cost. Over the next ten years Bill enjoys nice rental cash flow from his one house and averages $800 net income each month. Peter on the other hand has to pay mortgage interest, and his 4 houses only net $200. worse, most of that income gets sucked into paying towards the principal of the loan as required by the bank, so Peter has almost zero cashflow. Bill enjo 

Quick answer to your question: Depends on your goals and lifestyle. I am not a financial adviser and this answer is solely based on my own personal experience. In my 20s I did not wanted to own a house. I wanted to be free to travel and live where ever I wanted with no strings to hold me back. Now in my 30s I am seriously considering a load for a family home because only with a huge amount of luck I’ll be able to pay a home from my own savings. The best I can wish for is having the most amount of money to down payment.  Dave Merk has a point on his answer. If you can juggle 4 mortgages and sell the 

Yes Is worth have any loan if you able to invest your cash and get more profit then what you pay on loan. A simple example: Loan house usually have the lowest interest rate , this means is possible and easily get more profit then what you pay on interest. If you have 150.000$ cash you could buy a house what cost 150.000$ Without any loan and save interest. 150.000$ loan at 4% interest rate per 30 years would cost around 8600$ a year inclusive interest. If you take the loan for buy that property and you are able to invest your 150.000$ and make a profit of 10% a year you will make 15.000$ a year inc 

To answer this general question, it makes sense to step back from a yes/no logic and look at how things can play out. With the benefit of hindsight and an environment with a one-way (upward) road for capital values,given a positive debt cover ratio (amo+interest &lt; net rent cash flow) andnet operating income yield &gt;&gt; all-in interest ratesmore leverage produces higher returns. Does this mean every investor should always seek to maximize leverage? No. For most investors, the answer is to proceed with some level of caution and apply prudent leverage. What is prudent? Fast forward towards loan maturity 

It depends. Let’s separate this into a family house/a home vs rental property. If you are looking for just a home, it doesn’t make sense to buy if you need to move with your work. Think about it. If you refuse a 5k-10k pay rise due to your home, you could be losing $1M-$2M over a lifetime, if you reinvest that pay rise into markets. However, if you plan to stay in the same city for 20–30 years, it can be cheaper to rent than buy, but it can also be cheaper to buy than rent. I will give you a few examples. Let’s start with an extreme example of China. In China, I have numerous clients who spend 3k-4 

My parents bought their first house decades ago using a home owners loan - also known as a mortgage. Over the years they traded up to bigger houses, also financed by a mortgage. They almost always renovated those houses and sold them for a profit before moving to the next. Each time they moved, either the house was bigger or the mortgage got smaller because of the profit from the previous property. By the time they were thinking about retirement, they had enough equity in their house to sell and buy a smaller house for the two of them mortgage free. That obviously reduces their income needs in  

Everywhere you turn, you hear how bad it is to carry debt. So naturally, it's logical to think that buying a home with cash—or sinking as much cash as possible into your home to avoid the massive debt associated with a mortgage—is the smartest choice for your financial health. But there's a lot to consider when contemplating purchasing a home outright versus financing it. Here are some of the major differences between using cash or a taking out a mortgage to buy a home.  Paying cash for a home means you won't have to pay interest on a loan and any closing costs. A home loan can provide tax benefit 

Most people dont have the cash to pay for a house outright. Before taking out a loan you have to consider several things? Location. Is it in a convenient location, access to buses, trains, schools? Value? what is the registered value/worth of the property? Unless you know what its worth you risk paying too much for it. Have you had a building inspection done? For all you know it may be infested with termites. Also, will it likely increase in value over the long term? Where I live houses are worthless after 20 years, its the land that is valuable. How much of a downpayment are you making? Most banks 

Like most things financial, it depends on your situation. A mortgage is usually tax deductible debt, making it “smart” debt. Another way to look at it is this: If you can get a mortgage at 4.5% instead of paying $300K cash for a home, would you be better off putting that $300K into a house, or could you get a return better than that 4.5% on other investments? Most people can get a better return on investments than the cost of mortgage debt, making it a smart debt to carry. Once you have a certain amount of assets/income/financial freedom, it really doesn’t matter, but if you want to get into the 

Using a personal loan to pay off the mortgage generally isn't recommended because of higher interest rates, but other considerations sometimes come into play. ... You can usually qualify for a larger loan amounts with lower interest rates if you have other property or investments you can use as collateral. But then to get a loan, you need to have great credit. I was swimming in a lot of student loans debts and it took a huge hit on my Credit Score. I tried disputing it on my own to no Avail, i evem tried Lexington Law but then tbh, it seemed like a waste of time and money until i was referred t 

Is paying 200 a month for three years to lease a new car better than buying one?
Let’s leave aside the dollar figure mentioned in the question – the real question here is whether leasing makes more sense than buying. When I was working as a salesman (at two different dealerships – Chevy/Cadillac and Nissan/Saab), management didn’t encourage us to push leasing. I couldn’t tell you the exact percentage of cars we sold through leases, but by monitoring sales-floor activity, I would say the number was low – probably one percent. If a customer really wanted to lease, I wasn’t going to stand in his way. Of the hundreds of cars I sold personally, perhaps two were leases. I’m really 

Its the same thing dont over think this. Math is math. You are driving the same car either way, and paying towards the title and ownership as an option. Bottom line is either you own your car, or a bank does. $200 x 36 means you’ve paid off $7200 at the 3 year mark. Now, some of that is interest…on a lease with good credit it can be like .5–3% (it’s called a money factor, it will be like .0003, if you multiply by 2400 you’ll get an APR), with a balance due of X (Whatever the negotiated selling price of the car is). At the 3 year mark on a lease you have three choices: Continue to finance (or pa

Depends on the cost of the vehicle. However, J Paul Getty said, “Buy things which appreciate and rent/lease things which depreciate.” So let's look what one gets with a lease, options: If one loves the vehicle, they can keep it and finance/pay the residual.If one does not like the vehicle or it has issues, one can turn it in and walk away.If the vehicle is worth more than the residual one can:Sell it and keep the profitTrade it in and apply the profit toward another vehicle.When one leases a vehicle the residual is determined and contacted. Usually 40–60% of the MSRP. So one knows exactly what th 

I’m a big fan of ownership, but the world is changing, and leasing may be a better option for future buyers. New cars have new technology. A Luddite like me may scoff and say two airbags are good enough or who needs abs anyway. But what’s more important is this new technology is coming out faster. A 2019 car has many many more airbags and much more advanced stability and traction control algorithms than a 2009 car or a car from 1999. And while both may still be on the roadway (cars last a long time these days!), these technologies can be the difference between having or avoiding an accident. An 

It depends. If you are thinking of leasing so you can afford a nicer car, that is different from thinking about leasing just to save money. You will not ave money by leasing. Let’s say you lease a car for $200 a month for 3 years. You will have a 12,000 a year mileage limit which is very easy to go over. At the end of 3 years you will have nothing. No car, no down payment on the next vehicle, nothing. Now let’s say you buy the car for l250 a month for 3 years. You have no mileage limit and because the car is new, you have full warranty coverage. At the end of 3 years you can keep paying for 2 m 

I believe “better” is a subjective term. What is better for one, may be worse for another. I personally prefer to buy a car, and keep it maintained until I no longer believe it is reliable and trustworthy. A leased new vehicle buys you, essentially, peace of mind. I believe leasing a vehicle is good for people who believe they need the newest vehicle and/or vehicle features, warranty coverage and service, and utmost reliability (or, the chance of replacement if reliability proves to be an issue), and don’t want the hassle of maintenance and upkeep. Most vehicles are engineered not to require an 

The most daunting perspective here is financial one, because it demand you to have stable finances, which could support that kind of decision. Also, if you lease on the long run, you can ovepay the initial price of the car. In the end of the lease, you will search for another vehicle to replace the leased one, if you don’t buy it out. But it depends on you as a driver, and how much money can you actually afford to ‘lose’ to lease. For example, let’s say that we could fill a tank with 60 dollars. On average, a car driver tops the tank twice per month, this is 120 dollars. If you own the car, you 

Everyone has a different opinion when it comes to leasing. The only person who can truly say whether it’s better to buy or lease is you. There are several answers here that dive into the cost/benefit analysis, and those are good answers, you should read them. I am going to help you decide what you really want in a car. Knowing this will help you decide if a lease is right for you. I am going to start by talking about a subject that no one wants to talk about, and that is, a car is an emotional purchase. It is not a need. No one on the planet Earth needs a car. You need food, you need water, you ne 

There can be reasons to lease a vehicle. However, the important thing to know is that from a financial perspective in most cases leasing is not a good option. There are only really a few times when leasing from a money perspective might make sense. First of all, driving a new car is not a necessity. It is a luxury and not something a person must do for survival. In some cities with good public transportation, having a car is not even needed to survive. Financially, leasing is typically not a good choice. You are basically renting a car for the lease period. Cars do not generally appreciate in va 

Here are some things to think about when considering whether to buy or lease your next vehicle. 1. Consider How Much You Drive When I get the question of lease versus buy, my first question back is always how many miles per year do you drive? Some people, especially third party leasing companies, will disagree with me on this; however, I maintain that if you drive more than 17,500 miles per year, you have no business leasing. There are some true advantages to leasing, but this is only a benefit to you if you are not a high-mileage driver. 2. Understand Leasing Advantages The reason for leasing in  

What's the best piece of advice on how to handle money in your 30s?
What are the best financial hacks?
Here are 51 Good, Better, and Best Financial Hacks. GOOD Financial Hacks When I really started taking money seriously, I started making good money decisions. The good money decisions are all about building your foundation. If you just make good money decisions you will be better off than a vast majority of people. These decisions can help you escape living paycheck to paycheck, save more, and even reach financial independence. Of course, these aren’t the only good money decisions, but it’s a good start. They work Good money decisions include: Explore what money is and what it means to youFigure ou

Here are some fancy financial hacks: Rule of 72: Gives an estimate of how long it will take to double your investment.For example, if you expect to earn 10% per year on a $10,000 investment, it will double to $20,000 in about 7.2 years (72 / 10). Rule of 114 and Rule of 144: Gives an estimate of how long it will take to triple and quadruple your investments respectively.For example, at 10%, a $10,000 investment will triple in about 11 years (114 / 10) and quadruple in about 14.5 years (144 /10). And here’s a personal favourite of mine: The Stanley and Danko Formula: A simple formula which tells yo

Click Here To Get A FREE Ebook About How To Make Your Mind A Money Magnet And Learn The Hidden Secret To Unending Cash Flow GROWING UP, I GOT TO REALIZE THERE ARE TWO TYPES OF WOMEN. They are usually part of every man life, and amongst other things, they give two different examples of how you can live your financial life: OLD LADY The old lady had always lived a frugal life. She worked hard, she saved more, and that she spent, she had a little black book in which she kept all her receipts and manually wrote and added up all her expenses. The old lady never looked like she was depriving herself and 

Hi,I write on my blog Whyninetofive how we became millionaires. Best financial hack for ordinary people is in my view proper use of your primary residence. House where you live. So one of the easiest and best financial hacks, I believe is house hacking, We have started at 30 with almost zero. I had only 3 assets at that time. Great girlfriend (now wife), Australian residency (I am originally from east europe) and completed Australian University Degree. To be honest the degree never helped me to get much more than average australian salary, so even if I was plumber and electrician I would get the 

3 Very Tactical Things You Probably Haven’t Considered: (1) GET MORE YIELD - If you don’t need your Savings account cash for over 1 year (2–3%), lock it up and get a higher return, I am not talking CD’s or TreasuryDirect, I am talking higher yielding, shorter-term debt investment such as Groundfloor (approx 7–11%) and LendingClub (approx 3.5–7%). These are estimated average annualized returns. (2) SET-UP SPENDING GUARD-RAILS - Get an Albert account through their app, it not only monitors and visualizes all your spending (For Free), it also tells you when you are overpaying for things and gives y 

Education, Education, Education. Learn by failure. Learn by Experience. Learn by your own curiosity. Let’s create off the top of my head a financial plan. It will apply to a wide range of individuals, and traditionally will cost you 1–3% or XX dollars. Am not thinking exact numbers, am not thinking about YOUR PERSONAL situation, not thinking about YOUR relationship to money / finance. Rule 1). “Even a small leak can sink a great ship.” How I failed. Buying property, living in said property, not having it fully rented. Bleeding giving people good deals on rent. Why to fail? Financial pressure -&gt; opt 

Compounding. High wealth takes more time than high income. If you have person 1, who is 30, has an MBA and is earning $200,000 after tax , and person 2, who is 60 and has earned $60,000 a year for 40 years, person 2 should be wealthier. 2. Good spending habits + compounding  3. Read Buffett spends 80% of his days reading and Mark Cuban spends 3 hours a day reading. It is an investment. I suggest some of these books:  They also spend more on getting knowledge from online sources, rather than pointless material things. 4. Real estate Use a house as a home. Don’t overspend on rent. Using real estate on le 

My best financial tip is for you to become financially literate - educate yourself on personal finance. Start with the better popular (non-professional) books. There are plenty of lists such as “7 Best”, “9 Best”, “22 Best” lists of books on personal finance. There is considerable over lap, but some lists only include the trendy, current offering. I would look at lists that have a mix of current books and those that have stood the test of time, many of the latter have updated editions. Here are three that I would recommend for starters (and buy them used): “Personal Finance for Dummies”. The Dum 

All of these are random ranging from saving money &amp; making money in no particular order.  These are all things I’ve personally done myself. Thought I’d share some of my tips and things I’ve done over the span of a decade. There’s so much advice we read online that isn’t authentic and misleads people down the wrong path, only to be discouraged, so I decided to post things I’ve done first hand that’s legit and works. Got an extra room just sitting in the house, but don’t like roommates? You can rent out your room as a storage space with Neighbor | The Airbnb of Storage and make money.Live in Califo

Side Hustle… Thanks to the internet you can supplement your income with a side hustle without it taking too much of your time. Done right you can build yourself a very nice little nest egg on the side while you go about your day as usual. Leave your side hustle profit in a separate bank account and don’t touch it. Let it accumulate throughout the year and then you will have extra money at the end of the year to do what you please. The smart move would be to invest it or something, but hey you only live once, so take that holiday or buy that new car if that is what you want. The nice thing is that t 

How rare is an 800 credit score?
What are the top 5 things people should know about money and finance before they turn 30?
Can a single person decently retire at 50 with 300k in savings if the house is paid off and no other debt?
The short answer to your question is……of course you can. You just need to manage your lifestyle to live within your means. Your lifestyle decisions affect your income, expenses and health. And your term “decent” really translates to lifestyle. Start by defining that for yourself , not using anyone else’s definition. I’ve read the other responses. Be wary of absolute answers - and crazy one’s like averaging 20–25% investment return. Good for you if you can be one of the .00001% that can do that. You don’t need advice here. Retirement considerations - What will you do with your time and what do you

The answer is yes but it comes with a big caveat. If you can use the $300k to generate more interest/dividend/cashflow income than your expenses, you can definitely retire with $300k. The math is simple. Say, for example, you are able to invest the $300k such that you earn 10% cash-on-cash returns, that’s $30k per year you have to live your life. Some people live very lean and get by swimmingly on that amount of money. But the reality is even in the areas of low cost of living, after health insurance, housing, and food, that doesn’t leave much to enjoy retirement. This is, of course, assuming  

In the UK, we too have moved the goal posts relating to retirement age. The earliest you can draw you State Pension (assuming it exists beyond 2035) is 67 and that is both men and women. The average person is now living to the average age of 80 and there are more people reaching 100 than ever before. This is one of the reasons why it is unlikely that the State Pension in the UK is going to survive much beyond 2035 or at best 2040 as there will be more people over the age of 65 and under the age of 18 than there are those of working age. Given that we have 10% unemployment (the true figure, not t 

The short answer is NO!! Unless you have other sources of income you didn't mention, your savings will not be able to sustain you over the next 30 to 40 years. You have to think about inflation. Social Security COLA increases generally don't keep up with inflation. I am not a SS expert but believe that if you cease paying into SS at 50, your benefits will be significantly decreased (they aren't that much to begin with) Financial advisors like to talk about the historical stock market gains and yes that's true, but there are several caveats. You probably shouldn't invest aggressively as a retir 

If you invest the $300,000, at 5%, that’s $5000 for each $100,000, so you would have $15,000 in income. You’d need to make at least $17,000 to qualify for ObamaCare and then the subsidies would kick in and you would be paying only about $100/month for health insurance. So let’s just say you made the extra $2000 somehow, perhaps even $5000 more. Then you’d have $20,000/yr in income. Depending on what the property taxes are in your state, is probably what will make or break your scenario. The value of your property, at about 1% or 2%. So $1000/year property taxes for each $100,000 of house (appr 

Hello! I worked as the CEO of a leading Healthcare Company In India and came out of regular corporate assignments at the age of 55. In short, retired! Let me add my my point of view if it helps. Though your question is more financial in nature, the issue is having other dimensions as well. I do not know the exact money required to carry on normal single living in US is you have house of your own and 300 k savings in bank. I suppose, you have no other income. 300 K if converted to Indian rupees with Indian style living in India, it it looks just fine.But, from what I observed during my visits in US,  

For this I suggest reading some of the early retirement blogs such as Mr. Money Mustache. There is a whole movement and group of people who are like minded and enjoy the fruits of FIRE (financial independence and retire early). Most retirement advice is based on current income rather than expenses, and people tend to over estimate out of fear what it would take to retire early. If retirement to you is sitting on beaches sipping drinks with little umbrellas and ramping up your spending, then no, it might not be for you. If you find that the things you enjoy in life don’t cost you much, and that l 

Can a single person decently retire at 50 with 300k in savings if the house is paid off and no other debt? In the USA, you will have to pay market rate for health insurance until you’re 65 - at about $12–14 K a year that’s over $200K. You won’t be able to collect social security until you’re at least 62 and that will be a reduced amount since you haven’t been able to have increases in your income for 15 years and you’re drawing it early anyway. And, you did plan to eat, pay utilities, maintain your house, pay property taxes and insurance on the house, have some transportation and wear clothes,  

There is no simple answer to this question. It depends on several factors. 1- What do you consider a decent retirement? 2- What does the rest of your financial picture look like? Do you have any debt?3- Do you have medical insurance taken care of? 4- Do you have children? 5- Do you have other money saved for the unexpected? 6- Where do you plan to spend your retirement? 7- Do you plan on working part-time in retirement? 8- Do you have any other savings or pensions? Generally speaking, the answer is no. 300k is not enough money to retire at 50. However, it does depend on many other factors which are lis 

Depends on the following variables: 300k of what?live where?for how long?Let us start number 3. Nothing is scarier than miscalculation of the pension pot. Imagine you wake up one morning, you are 87 years old, you check your balance and there are just 1000. Scary, no? Let us take the average. The single person from your question will live until her 75th birthday, so 25 years or 300 months. This means that 300k pot will maintain 300 ‘salaries’ of 1000 currency units. Or about 33 currency units per day. Withe current low low low savings rate you will be able to bump that to maybe 34 or 35 per day. Whe 

What did someone do or say at the bank that made you say, “You gotta be kidding me!”?
I have had dozens of incidents where I was utterly lost for words at what the banks have done. I will relate one that was astounding though. I sold part of my business for a substantial sum and received a check. Now I needed to settle a large number of outstanding debts and they needed to be done quickly. I went to my bank branch to pay in the check and as the check was with another branch of the same bank I asked them to verify that it would clear. They confirmed it would and suggested I pay a fee of £25 for express clearance and therefore the money would be in our account by 9–00 am the next day.  

Telling banks “You gotta be kidding me!” seems to be one of my hobbies. 1. Boss was overseas and got a large cheque we’d been expecting for a sale to the US government. Went to deposit it at the bank in the company account and the bank wanted the boss to sign the back of the cheque because the cheque was large and in USD not AUD. Told them it wasn’t happening because he was in the UK for 8 weeks. They tried to tell me they wouldn’t accept the cheque and I informed them things were going to get really awkward then when the payroll went through. They changed their mind. 2. Turned up for a meeting  

When I was about 19 years old I was standing in line behind a well dressed black woman in the line-up for service at one of the counters for the teller. As the woman ahead of me was called over to the teller I barely noticed the security guard eyeing her and standing a lot closer to the row of teller windows at the service counter. I was called over to the next teller which was right next to the counter window where the well dressed black woman was doing her banking business and I overheard her telling the teller that ‘she was there to pick up her new gold credit card (gold has the highest credi 

About 20 years ago we purchased a second house as an investment property. We were living and working overseas at the time, so everything was done during one of our periodic visits back home to Australia. We sat down with a very helpful representative from the same bank that held the mortgage on our first home – let’s call it Bank AAA. Everything went along smoothly, and the house was ours. Just before we returned overseas, we forwarded a bunch of paperwork to him have half the mortgage amount changed from variable interest to fixed interest over five years, to reduce our exposure to rising inte 

I was away from my local area and needed my bank account number to set up an auto-payment arrangement. So I called my bank, asked for a teller that I had known for years; Amy. Hi Amy - how’s the new baby? Bradley isn’t a baby any more - he’s 15 months already. Wow; I never would have guessed that! It seems like just a month or two since you were even pregnant. We must be having way too much fun - the way time flies by and all that. I know; right? So what can I help you with today? I just need my bank account number. Oh; just stop by - I can’t give you that over the phone. What? Why not? It’s bank poli 

I’ve got two stories. You can decide which experience is worse for yourself. Story 1: I had decided to purchase a motorcycle. The seller was several states away and we were going on a mini-road trip to go pick up the bike over the weekend. Friday evening, I go to pull the money out of my bank. I needed $3,000 cash. I had at least 20K in my bank account at the time, so I don’t think there’s going to be any issue, right? I wait my turn in line and make it up to the teller. I already have the withdraw slip filled out and my debit card and driver’s license in my hand. When asked what they can help m 

Back in the early 80s I banked with Barclay’s Bank in the UK. I don’t really know why them - I think when I decided to open a bank account it was a case of picking one at random. Barclays advertised with the slogan “You’re better off talking to Barclay’s”. A few years later I moved from one side of the country to the other. It was an exciting time and I moved out of my parents’ home and into my first very own. There was a lot to do, but one of the small chores was to write to the bank to let them know my change of address. This was in the days before internet or email, so things were done by te 

This happened a few hours ago Have been stranded in Bali for about 8 months living with girlfriend Friend from Jakarta wanted to come over to catch up (and escape being so bored in lockdown there) Needed a little financial help. No problem, I had her details as sent help before Girlfriend took me to same bank I used last time. Went upstairs to a teller and presented my credit card and passport and phone with friend in Jakarta bank details explaining what I required After a bit of chat between the tellers and my girlfriend it was explained to me bank could not do that. I had to go downstairs to the  

A few months ago, during Lockdown 1.0 here in the UK, I tried to look up the value of an investment on the investment company’s platform. This rejected my login details, so I got new ones, which also didn’t work. Eventually I complained and when I got onto the site it just had historical values, so I did my usual thing of very politely ringing them up and finally got the information I was looking for. The investment firm sent me a cheque for £100 as compensation for their platform not working properly, which was a bit of a surprise. I took it to my bank and queued outside (because of Covid) to  

Several years before, I’d hired on at a local construction corporation that had its own concrete plant. The place I was coming from was a bank. I couldn’t stand the bureaucracy there, so I found myself a job I thought I’d like better, and I did. Money was tight — I have to emphasize that — in the first couple of years at the corp. The President’s wife had passed away a few years back, without much prior notice, and instead of going out, making sales, and keeping the businesses overseen and moving forward, he’d been using her life insurance and other funds he had to pay the bills in a way that w 

What did someone do or say at the bank that made you say, “You gotta be kidding me!”?
I have had dozens of incidents where I was utterly lost for words at what the banks have done. I will relate one that was astounding though. I sold part of my business for a substantial sum and received a check. Now I needed to settle a large number of outstanding debts and they needed to be done quickly. I went to my bank branch to pay in the check and as the check was with another branch of the same bank I asked them to verify that it would clear. They confirmed it would and suggested I pay a fee of £25 for express clearance and therefore the money would be in our account by 9–00 am the next day.  

Telling banks “You gotta be kidding me!” seems to be one of my hobbies. 1. Boss was overseas and got a large cheque we’d been expecting for a sale to the US government. Went to deposit it at the bank in the company account and the bank wanted the boss to sign the back of the cheque because the cheque was large and in USD not AUD. Told them it wasn’t happening because he was in the UK for 8 weeks. They tried to tell me they wouldn’t accept the cheque and I informed them things were going to get really awkward then when the payroll went through. They changed their mind. 2. Turned up for a meeting  

When I was about 19 years old I was standing in line behind a well dressed black woman in the line-up for service at one of the counters for the teller. As the woman ahead of me was called over to the teller I barely noticed the security guard eyeing her and standing a lot closer to the row of teller windows at the service counter. I was called over to the next teller which was right next to the counter window where the well dressed black woman was doing her banking business and I overheard her telling the teller that ‘she was there to pick up her new gold credit card (gold has the highest credi 

About 20 years ago we purchased a second house as an investment property. We were living and working overseas at the time, so everything was done during one of our periodic visits back home to Australia. We sat down with a very helpful representative from the same bank that held the mortgage on our first home – let’s call it Bank AAA. Everything went along smoothly, and the house was ours. Just before we returned overseas, we forwarded a bunch of paperwork to him have half the mortgage amount changed from variable interest to fixed interest over five years, to reduce our exposure to rising inte 

I was away from my local area and needed my bank account number to set up an auto-payment arrangement. So I called my bank, asked for a teller that I had known for years; Amy. Hi Amy - how’s the new baby? Bradley isn’t a baby any more - he’s 15 months already. Wow; I never would have guessed that! It seems like just a month or two since you were even pregnant. We must be having way too much fun - the way time flies by and all that. I know; right? So what can I help you with today? I just need my bank account number. Oh; just stop by - I can’t give you that over the phone. What? Why not? It’s bank poli 

I’ve got two stories. You can decide which experience is worse for yourself. Story 1: I had decided to purchase a motorcycle. The seller was several states away and we were going on a mini-road trip to go pick up the bike over the weekend. Friday evening, I go to pull the money out of my bank. I needed $3,000 cash. I had at least 20K in my bank account at the time, so I don’t think there’s going to be any issue, right? I wait my turn in line and make it up to the teller. I already have the withdraw slip filled out and my debit card and driver’s license in my hand. When asked what they can help m 

Back in the early 80s I banked with Barclay’s Bank in the UK. I don’t really know why them - I think when I decided to open a bank account it was a case of picking one at random. Barclays advertised with the slogan “You’re better off talking to Barclay’s”. A few years later I moved from one side of the country to the other. It was an exciting time and I moved out of my parents’ home and into my first very own. There was a lot to do, but one of the small chores was to write to the bank to let them know my change of address. This was in the days before internet or email, so things were done by te 

This happened a few hours ago Have been stranded in Bali for about 8 months living with girlfriend Friend from Jakarta wanted to come over to catch up (and escape being so bored in lockdown there) Needed a little financial help. No problem, I had her details as sent help before Girlfriend took me to same bank I used last time. Went upstairs to a teller and presented my credit card and passport and phone with friend in Jakarta bank details explaining what I required After a bit of chat between the tellers and my girlfriend it was explained to me bank could not do that. I had to go downstairs to the  

A few months ago, during Lockdown 1.0 here in the UK, I tried to look up the value of an investment on the investment company’s platform. This rejected my login details, so I got new ones, which also didn’t work. Eventually I complained and when I got onto the site it just had historical values, so I did my usual thing of very politely ringing them up and finally got the information I was looking for. The investment firm sent me a cheque for £100 as compensation for their platform not working properly, which was a bit of a surprise. I took it to my bank and queued outside (because of Covid) to  

Several years before, I’d hired on at a local construction corporation that had its own concrete plant. The place I was coming from was a bank. I couldn’t stand the bureaucracy there, so I found myself a job I thought I’d like better, and I did. Money was tight — I have to emphasize that — in the first couple of years at the corp. The President’s wife had passed away a few years back, without much prior notice, and instead of going out, making sales, and keeping the businesses overseen and moving forward, he’d been using her life insurance and other funds he had to pay the bills in a way that w 

What did someone do or say at the bank that made you say, “You gotta be kidding me!”?
I have had dozens of incidents where I was utterly lost for words at what the banks have done. I will relate one that was astounding though. I sold part of my business for a substantial sum and received a check. Now I needed to settle a large number of outstanding debts and they needed to be done quickly. I went to my bank branch to pay in the check and as the check was with another branch of the same bank I asked them to verify that it would clear. They confirmed it would and suggested I pay a fee of £25 for express clearance and therefore the money would be in our account by 9–00 am the next day.  

Telling banks “You gotta be kidding me!” seems to be one of my hobbies. 1. Boss was overseas and got a large cheque we’d been expecting for a sale to the US government. Went to deposit it at the bank in the company account and the bank wanted the boss to sign the back of the cheque because the cheque was large and in USD not AUD. Told them it wasn’t happening because he was in the UK for 8 weeks. They tried to tell me they wouldn’t accept the cheque and I informed them things were going to get really awkward then when the payroll went through. They changed their mind. 2. Turned up for a meeting  

When I was about 19 years old I was standing in line behind a well dressed black woman in the line-up for service at one of the counters for the teller. As the woman ahead of me was called over to the teller I barely noticed the security guard eyeing her and standing a lot closer to the row of teller windows at the service counter. I was called over to the next teller which was right next to the counter window where the well dressed black woman was doing her banking business and I overheard her telling the teller that ‘she was there to pick up her new gold credit card (gold has the highest credi 

About 20 years ago we purchased a second house as an investment property. We were living and working overseas at the time, so everything was done during one of our periodic visits back home to Australia. We sat down with a very helpful representative from the same bank that held the mortgage on our first home – let’s call it Bank AAA. Everything went along smoothly, and the house was ours. Just before we returned overseas, we forwarded a bunch of paperwork to him have half the mortgage amount changed from variable interest to fixed interest over five years, to reduce our exposure to rising inte 

I was away from my local area and needed my bank account number to set up an auto-payment arrangement. So I called my bank, asked for a teller that I had known for years; Amy. Hi Amy - how’s the new baby? Bradley isn’t a baby any more - he’s 15 months already. Wow; I never would have guessed that! It seems like just a month or two since you were even pregnant. We must be having way too much fun - the way time flies by and all that. I know; right? So what can I help you with today? I just need my bank account number. Oh; just stop by - I can’t give you that over the phone. What? Why not? It’s bank poli 

I’ve got two stories. You can decide which experience is worse for yourself. Story 1: I had decided to purchase a motorcycle. The seller was several states away and we were going on a mini-road trip to go pick up the bike over the weekend. Friday evening, I go to pull the money out of my bank. I needed $3,000 cash. I had at least 20K in my bank account at the time, so I don’t think there’s going to be any issue, right? I wait my turn in line and make it up to the teller. I already have the withdraw slip filled out and my debit card and driver’s license in my hand. When asked what they can help m 

Back in the early 80s I banked with Barclay’s Bank in the UK. I don’t really know why them - I think when I decided to open a bank account it was a case of picking one at random. Barclays advertised with the slogan “You’re better off talking to Barclay’s”. A few years later I moved from one side of the country to the other. It was an exciting time and I moved out of my parents’ home and into my first very own. There was a lot to do, but one of the small chores was to write to the bank to let them know my change of address. This was in the days before internet or email, so things were done by te 

This happened a few hours ago Have been stranded in Bali for about 8 months living with girlfriend Friend from Jakarta wanted to come over to catch up (and escape being so bored in lockdown there) Needed a little financial help. No problem, I had her details as sent help before Girlfriend took me to same bank I used last time. Went upstairs to a teller and presented my credit card and passport and phone with friend in Jakarta bank details explaining what I required After a bit of chat between the tellers and my girlfriend it was explained to me bank could not do that. I had to go downstairs to the  

A few months ago, during Lockdown 1.0 here in the UK, I tried to look up the value of an investment on the investment company’s platform. This rejected my login details, so I got new ones, which also didn’t work. Eventually I complained and when I got onto the site it just had historical values, so I did my usual thing of very politely ringing them up and finally got the information I was looking for. The investment firm sent me a cheque for £100 as compensation for their platform not working properly, which was a bit of a surprise. I took it to my bank and queued outside (because of Covid) to  

Several years before, I’d hired on at a local construction corporation that had its own concrete plant. The place I was coming from was a bank. I couldn’t stand the bureaucracy there, so I found myself a job I thought I’d like better, and I did. Money was tight — I have to emphasize that — in the first couple of years at the corp. The President’s wife had passed away a few years back, without much prior notice, and instead of going out, making sales, and keeping the businesses overseen and moving forward, he’d been using her life insurance and other funds he had to pay the bills in a way that w 

What did someone do or say at the bank that made you say, “You gotta be kidding me!”?
I have had dozens of incidents where I was utterly lost for words at what the banks have done. I will relate one that was astounding though. I sold part of my business for a substantial sum and received a check. Now I needed to settle a large number of outstanding debts and they needed to be done quickly. I went to my bank branch to pay in the check and as the check was with another branch of the same bank I asked them to verify that it would clear. They confirmed it would and suggested I pay a fee of £25 for express clearance and therefore the money would be in our account by 9–00 am the next day.  

Telling banks “You gotta be kidding me!” seems to be one of my hobbies. 1. Boss was overseas and got a large cheque we’d been expecting for a sale to the US government. Went to deposit it at the bank in the company account and the bank wanted the boss to sign the back of the cheque because the cheque was large and in USD not AUD. Told them it wasn’t happening because he was in the UK for 8 weeks. They tried to tell me they wouldn’t accept the cheque and I informed them things were going to get really awkward then when the payroll went through. They changed their mind. 2. Turned up for a meeting  

When I was about 19 years old I was standing in line behind a well dressed black woman in the line-up for service at one of the counters for the teller. As the woman ahead of me was called over to the teller I barely noticed the security guard eyeing her and standing a lot closer to the row of teller windows at the service counter. I was called over to the next teller which was right next to the counter window where the well dressed black woman was doing her banking business and I overheard her telling the teller that ‘she was there to pick up her new gold credit card (gold has the highest credi 

About 20 years ago we purchased a second house as an investment property. We were living and working overseas at the time, so everything was done during one of our periodic visits back home to Australia. We sat down with a very helpful representative from the same bank that held the mortgage on our first home – let’s call it Bank AAA. Everything went along smoothly, and the house was ours. Just before we returned overseas, we forwarded a bunch of paperwork to him have half the mortgage amount changed from variable interest to fixed interest over five years, to reduce our exposure to rising inte 

I was away from my local area and needed my bank account number to set up an auto-payment arrangement. So I called my bank, asked for a teller that I had known for years; Amy. Hi Amy - how’s the new baby? Bradley isn’t a baby any more - he’s 15 months already. Wow; I never would have guessed that! It seems like just a month or two since you were even pregnant. We must be having way too much fun - the way time flies by and all that. I know; right? So what can I help you with today? I just need my bank account number. Oh; just stop by - I can’t give you that over the phone. What? Why not? It’s bank poli 

I’ve got two stories. You can decide which experience is worse for yourself. Story 1: I had decided to purchase a motorcycle. The seller was several states away and we were going on a mini-road trip to go pick up the bike over the weekend. Friday evening, I go to pull the money out of my bank. I needed $3,000 cash. I had at least 20K in my bank account at the time, so I don’t think there’s going to be any issue, right? I wait my turn in line and make it up to the teller. I already have the withdraw slip filled out and my debit card and driver’s license in my hand. When asked what they can help m 

Back in the early 80s I banked with Barclay’s Bank in the UK. I don’t really know why them - I think when I decided to open a bank account it was a case of picking one at random. Barclays advertised with the slogan “You’re better off talking to Barclay’s”. A few years later I moved from one side of the country to the other. It was an exciting time and I moved out of my parents’ home and into my first very own. There was a lot to do, but one of the small chores was to write to the bank to let them know my change of address. This was in the days before internet or email, so things were done by te 

This happened a few hours ago Have been stranded in Bali for about 8 months living with girlfriend Friend from Jakarta wanted to come over to catch up (and escape being so bored in lockdown there) Needed a little financial help. No problem, I had her details as sent help before Girlfriend took me to same bank I used last time. Went upstairs to a teller and presented my credit card and passport and phone with friend in Jakarta bank details explaining what I required After a bit of chat between the tellers and my girlfriend it was explained to me bank could not do that. I had to go downstairs to the  

A few months ago, during Lockdown 1.0 here in the UK, I tried to look up the value of an investment on the investment company’s platform. This rejected my login details, so I got new ones, which also didn’t work. Eventually I complained and when I got onto the site it just had historical values, so I did my usual thing of very politely ringing them up and finally got the information I was looking for. The investment firm sent me a cheque for £100 as compensation for their platform not working properly, which was a bit of a surprise. I took it to my bank and queued outside (because of Covid) to  

Several years before, I’d hired on at a local construction corporation that had its own concrete plant. The place I was coming from was a bank. I couldn’t stand the bureaucracy there, so I found myself a job I thought I’d like better, and I did. Money was tight — I have to emphasize that — in the first couple of years at the corp. The President’s wife had passed away a few years back, without much prior notice, and instead of going out, making sales, and keeping the businesses overseen and moving forward, he’d been using her life insurance and other funds he had to pay the bills in a way that w 

Are the police able to monitor the bank accounts of theft suspects?
When my friend’s bank account started accumulating large sums of money without her knowledge of how and why, she went to the bank manager and showed him her bank statement. They ran an audit on the account and said just continue on as normal and they would get back with her. So she did. This was back in the late 80’s when you paid everything with checks. All of her bills including rent, phone, and credit cards came back with bounced checks. So she went to the bank and angrily asked the same bank manager WTF. Her whole paycheck was in there and now she was in trouble for writing a dozen bad checks,  

Yes. Government can monitor just about anything - read the fine print in bank account info. Stop in your bank for a copy. Your account can be shut down by government under the excuse of “suspicious activity.” How suspicious are you? “ Did you evacuate? When CA wildfires through hundreds of thousands of people into evacuation (some like almost 50,000 still not in permanent housing) the government chose to have banks freeze some bank accounts saying there was a problem with the address. When evacuees were running around like crazy three weeks after Woolsey trying to keep hotel roofs over our heads  

Yes they can, but have to apply to the Crown Court for an injunction. This is known as an Anton Pillar Order, which seizes documents from the bank for Court examination. The Judge can order that the persons be required under Bail to report a Police Station and if they fail to comply can be arrested for contempt of Court. The bank are also served with the Injunction and are required to show all transactions from the date stated on the Order (not the same date as Order was made but to a date going back several years, indeed decades). I should mention that it is not just banks that can be subject to 

Not in Canada. Richards, writing from a different jurisdiction, mentions Anton Pillar orders which do not accomplish this purpose. They are essentially a civil version of a search warrant. Your question engages police investigation of suspected criminal activity. FINTRAC is used in respect of money laundering and I don’t pretend to know its inner mysteries. I know of no readily available means by which police can “monitor the bank accounts of theft suspects”. There is a sweeping power formerly known as a Writ of Assistance which arguably allows a named police officer to do almost anything any ti 

Law enforcement in America has the ability to monitor just about anything with the right probable cause and court order. Monitoring or requesting bank records would go through a court order. So can I just walk into a bank and demand I see John smiths bank account? Absolutely not. If I am investigating a criminal and if I can properly communicate And articulate to a judge why I need to view bank records for this account for this period of time and the reason (probable cause) I think this than yes I can view bank records. Also looking at historical data versus actively monitoring it are two diffe 

All accounts in Every single bank in USA is insured by a government agency, the Federal Deposit Insurance Company. They do routine audits of every bank in USA, the bank has to give them full access to all the account information. If the FDIC sees that there is an account that has suspicious activity, they will warn the bank, and the bank will close the account so that they can maintain their insurance. Without the insurance accounts of consumers would not be protected against loss. So the bank will always acquiesce and shut down the account. After that auditors will examine the account careful 

Yes. The police are capable of doing lots of things which are not strictly legal. But they would not be able to use this information in the ensuing court case unless they do it by a legal process. Intelligence gathering, private conversations, evesdropping are all used. If after finding such information unlegally, they decided to use the information in court, they would get the necessary court order, then demand the record of the transactions and make that part of their legal case . Do not assume that the police are actually malign in this case. I have personal knowledge of an incidence where c 

No, if the person is only a suspect, the police cannot monitor their bank account. Now if the police have proof that the money going into the account is from thefts, then what the police have to do is arrest the suspect and the suspect will either bail out of jail or the judge will keep him in jail if the person is a flight risk. A hearing will be set and depending on what the suspect pleads, guilty or not guilty for it to go to trial. 235 views · Answer requested by Paul Lucy SavagePaul Crowley, Sr. Developer and Business Owner (1997-present)Answered 1 year ago · Author has 4.6K answers and 5.7M answer views

Yes, but in the US they need a warrant. That means they need to swear before a judge that this information is necessary and that they have cause to believe this person’s bank account will have material evidence to convict them of a crime. They cannot simply call up a bank and get information about someone’s account. If someone is getting money from illegal means and depositing it in a bank, they will eventually find it. Putting such money in a bank is stupid and it will get you caught. Also, the IRS will find it and charge you with tax evasion. They never charged Al Capone with murder or theft b 

In the UK the information would be protected under the Data Protection Act, so the short answer is no. In the longer term if the Police have suspicions a bank account is being used for illegal means they could apply to the courts for disclosure of a particular named account, for a particular reason defined in the court authorisation. So in that case yes the Police could. 228 viewsChris Garcia, Executive Management at Fortune 500 Companies (1995-present)Answered 10 months ago · Author has 3.4K answers and 2.9M answer views

What did someone do or say at the bank that made you say, “You gotta be kidding me!”?
I have had dozens of incidents where I was utterly lost for words at what the banks have done. I will relate one that was astounding though. I sold part of my business for a substantial sum and received a check. Now I needed to settle a large number of outstanding debts and they needed to be done quickly. I went to my bank branch to pay in the check and as the check was with another branch of the same bank I asked them to verify that it would clear. They confirmed it would and suggested I pay a fee of £25 for express clearance and therefore the money would be in our account by 9–00 am the next day.  

Telling banks “You gotta be kidding me!” seems to be one of my hobbies. 1. Boss was overseas and got a large cheque we’d been expecting for a sale to the US government. Went to deposit it at the bank in the company account and the bank wanted the boss to sign the back of the cheque because the cheque was large and in USD not AUD. Told them it wasn’t happening because he was in the UK for 8 weeks. They tried to tell me they wouldn’t accept the cheque and I informed them things were going to get really awkward then when the payroll went through. They changed their mind. 2. Turned up for a meeting  

When I was about 19 years old I was standing in line behind a well dressed black woman in the line-up for service at one of the counters for the teller. As the woman ahead of me was called over to the teller I barely noticed the security guard eyeing her and standing a lot closer to the row of teller windows at the service counter. I was called over to the next teller which was right next to the counter window where the well dressed black woman was doing her banking business and I overheard her telling the teller that ‘she was there to pick up her new gold credit card (gold has the highest credi 

About 20 years ago we purchased a second house as an investment property. We were living and working overseas at the time, so everything was done during one of our periodic visits back home to Australia. We sat down with a very helpful representative from the same bank that held the mortgage on our first home – let’s call it Bank AAA. Everything went along smoothly, and the house was ours. Just before we returned overseas, we forwarded a bunch of paperwork to him have half the mortgage amount changed from variable interest to fixed interest over five years, to reduce our exposure to rising inte 

I was away from my local area and needed my bank account number to set up an auto-payment arrangement. So I called my bank, asked for a teller that I had known for years; Amy. Hi Amy - how’s the new baby? Bradley isn’t a baby any more - he’s 15 months already. Wow; I never would have guessed that! It seems like just a month or two since you were even pregnant. We must be having way too much fun - the way time flies by and all that. I know; right? So what can I help you with today? I just need my bank account number. Oh; just stop by - I can’t give you that over the phone. What? Why not? It’s bank poli 

I’ve got two stories. You can decide which experience is worse for yourself. Story 1: I had decided to purchase a motorcycle. The seller was several states away and we were going on a mini-road trip to go pick up the bike over the weekend. Friday evening, I go to pull the money out of my bank. I needed $3,000 cash. I had at least 20K in my bank account at the time, so I don’t think there’s going to be any issue, right? I wait my turn in line and make it up to the teller. I already have the withdraw slip filled out and my debit card and driver’s license in my hand. When asked what they can help m 

Back in the early 80s I banked with Barclay’s Bank in the UK. I don’t really know why them - I think when I decided to open a bank account it was a case of picking one at random. Barclays advertised with the slogan “You’re better off talking to Barclay’s”. A few years later I moved from one side of the country to the other. It was an exciting time and I moved out of my parents’ home and into my first very own. There was a lot to do, but one of the small chores was to write to the bank to let them know my change of address. This was in the days before internet or email, so things were done by te 

This happened a few hours ago Have been stranded in Bali for about 8 months living with girlfriend Friend from Jakarta wanted to come over to catch up (and escape being so bored in lockdown there) Needed a little financial help. No problem, I had her details as sent help before Girlfriend took me to same bank I used last time. Went upstairs to a teller and presented my credit card and passport and phone with friend in Jakarta bank details explaining what I required After a bit of chat between the tellers and my girlfriend it was explained to me bank could not do that. I had to go downstairs to the  

A few months ago, during Lockdown 1.0 here in the UK, I tried to look up the value of an investment on the investment company’s platform. This rejected my login details, so I got new ones, which also didn’t work. Eventually I complained and when I got onto the site it just had historical values, so I did my usual thing of very politely ringing them up and finally got the information I was looking for. The investment firm sent me a cheque for £100 as compensation for their platform not working properly, which was a bit of a surprise. I took it to my bank and queued outside (because of Covid) to  

Several years before, I’d hired on at a local construction corporation that had its own concrete plant. The place I was coming from was a bank. I couldn’t stand the bureaucracy there, so I found myself a job I thought I’d like better, and I did. Money was tight — I have to emphasize that — in the first couple of years at the corp. The President’s wife had passed away a few years back, without much prior notice, and instead of going out, making sales, and keeping the businesses overseen and moving forward, he’d been using her life insurance and other funds he had to pay the bills in a way that w 

What did someone do or say at the bank that made you say, “You gotta be kidding me!”?
I have had dozens of incidents where I was utterly lost for words at what the banks have done. I will relate one that was astounding though. I sold part of my business for a substantial sum and received a check. Now I needed to settle a large number of outstanding debts and they needed to be done quickly. I went to my bank branch to pay in the check and as the check was with another branch of the same bank I asked them to verify that it would clear. They confirmed it would and suggested I pay a fee of £25 for express clearance and therefore the money would be in our account by 9–00 am the next day.  

Telling banks “You gotta be kidding me!” seems to be one of my hobbies. 1. Boss was overseas and got a large cheque we’d been expecting for a sale to the US government. Went to deposit it at the bank in the company account and the bank wanted the boss to sign the back of the cheque because the cheque was large and in USD not AUD. Told them it wasn’t happening because he was in the UK for 8 weeks. They tried to tell me they wouldn’t accept the cheque and I informed them things were going to get really awkward then when the payroll went through. They changed their mind. 2. Turned up for a meeting  

When I was about 19 years old I was standing in line behind a well dressed black woman in the line-up for service at one of the counters for the teller. As the woman ahead of me was called over to the teller I barely noticed the security guard eyeing her and standing a lot closer to the row of teller windows at the service counter. I was called over to the next teller which was right next to the counter window where the well dressed black woman was doing her banking business and I overheard her telling the teller that ‘she was there to pick up her new gold credit card (gold has the highest credi 

About 20 years ago we purchased a second house as an investment property. We were living and working overseas at the time, so everything was done during one of our periodic visits back home to Australia. We sat down with a very helpful representative from the same bank that held the mortgage on our first home – let’s call it Bank AAA. Everything went along smoothly, and the house was ours. Just before we returned overseas, we forwarded a bunch of paperwork to him have half the mortgage amount changed from variable interest to fixed interest over five years, to reduce our exposure to rising inte 

I was away from my local area and needed my bank account number to set up an auto-payment arrangement. So I called my bank, asked for a teller that I had known for years; Amy. Hi Amy - how’s the new baby? Bradley isn’t a baby any more - he’s 15 months already. Wow; I never would have guessed that! It seems like just a month or two since you were even pregnant. We must be having way too much fun - the way time flies by and all that. I know; right? So what can I help you with today? I just need my bank account number. Oh; just stop by - I can’t give you that over the phone. What? Why not? It’s bank poli 

I’ve got two stories. You can decide which experience is worse for yourself. Story 1: I had decided to purchase a motorcycle. The seller was several states away and we were going on a mini-road trip to go pick up the bike over the weekend. Friday evening, I go to pull the money out of my bank. I needed $3,000 cash. I had at least 20K in my bank account at the time, so I don’t think there’s going to be any issue, right? I wait my turn in line and make it up to the teller. I already have the withdraw slip filled out and my debit card and driver’s license in my hand. When asked what they can help m 

Back in the early 80s I banked with Barclay’s Bank in the UK. I don’t really know why them - I think when I decided to open a bank account it was a case of picking one at random. Barclays advertised with the slogan “You’re better off talking to Barclay’s”. A few years later I moved from one side of the country to the other. It was an exciting time and I moved out of my parents’ home and into my first very own. There was a lot to do, but one of the small chores was to write to the bank to let them know my change of address. This was in the days before internet or email, so things were done by te 

This happened a few hours ago Have been stranded in Bali for about 8 months living with girlfriend Friend from Jakarta wanted to come over to catch up (and escape being so bored in lockdown there) Needed a little financial help. No problem, I had her details as sent help before Girlfriend took me to same bank I used last time. Went upstairs to a teller and presented my credit card and passport and phone with friend in Jakarta bank details explaining what I required After a bit of chat between the tellers and my girlfriend it was explained to me bank could not do that. I had to go downstairs to the  

A few months ago, during Lockdown 1.0 here in the UK, I tried to look up the value of an investment on the investment company’s platform. This rejected my login details, so I got new ones, which also didn’t work. Eventually I complained and when I got onto the site it just had historical values, so I did my usual thing of very politely ringing them up and finally got the information I was looking for. The investment firm sent me a cheque for £100 as compensation for their platform not working properly, which was a bit of a surprise. I took it to my bank and queued outside (because of Covid) to  

Several years before, I’d hired on at a local construction corporation that had its own concrete plant. The place I was coming from was a bank. I couldn’t stand the bureaucracy there, so I found myself a job I thought I’d like better, and I did. Money was tight — I have to emphasize that — in the first couple of years at the corp. The President’s wife had passed away a few years back, without much prior notice, and instead of going out, making sales, and keeping the businesses overseen and moving forward, he’d been using her life insurance and other funds he had to pay the bills in a way that w 

What did someone do or say at the bank that made you say, “You gotta be kidding me!”?
I have had dozens of incidents where I was utterly lost for words at what the banks have done. I will relate one that was astounding though. I sold part of my business for a substantial sum and received a check. Now I needed to settle a large number of outstanding debts and they needed to be done quickly. I went to my bank branch to pay in the check and as the check was with another branch of the same bank I asked them to verify that it would clear. They confirmed it would and suggested I pay a fee of £25 for express clearance and therefore the money would be in our account by 9–00 am the next day.  

Telling banks “You gotta be kidding me!” seems to be one of my hobbies. 1. Boss was overseas and got a large cheque we’d been expecting for a sale to the US government. Went to deposit it at the bank in the company account and the bank wanted the boss to sign the back of the cheque because the cheque was large and in USD not AUD. Told them it wasn’t happening because he was in the UK for 8 weeks. They tried to tell me they wouldn’t accept the cheque and I informed them things were going to get really awkward then when the payroll went through. They changed their mind. 2. Turned up for a meeting  

When I was about 19 years old I was standing in line behind a well dressed black woman in the line-up for service at one of the counters for the teller. As the woman ahead of me was called over to the teller I barely noticed the security guard eyeing her and standing a lot closer to the row of teller windows at the service counter. I was called over to the next teller which was right next to the counter window where the well dressed black woman was doing her banking business and I overheard her telling the teller that ‘she was there to pick up her new gold credit card (gold has the highest credi 

About 20 years ago we purchased a second house as an investment property. We were living and working overseas at the time, so everything was done during one of our periodic visits back home to Australia. We sat down with a very helpful representative from the same bank that held the mortgage on our first home – let’s call it Bank AAA. Everything went along smoothly, and the house was ours. Just before we returned overseas, we forwarded a bunch of paperwork to him have half the mortgage amount changed from variable interest to fixed interest over five years, to reduce our exposure to rising inte 

I was away from my local area and needed my bank account number to set up an auto-payment arrangement. So I called my bank, asked for a teller that I had known for years; Amy. Hi Amy - how’s the new baby? Bradley isn’t a baby any more - he’s 15 months already. Wow; I never would have guessed that! It seems like just a month or two since you were even pregnant. We must be having way too much fun - the way time flies by and all that. I know; right? So what can I help you with today? I just need my bank account number. Oh; just stop by - I can’t give you that over the phone. What? Why not? It’s bank poli 

I’ve got two stories. You can decide which experience is worse for yourself. Story 1: I had decided to purchase a motorcycle. The seller was several states away and we were going on a mini-road trip to go pick up the bike over the weekend. Friday evening, I go to pull the money out of my bank. I needed $3,000 cash. I had at least 20K in my bank account at the time, so I don’t think there’s going to be any issue, right? I wait my turn in line and make it up to the teller. I already have the withdraw slip filled out and my debit card and driver’s license in my hand. When asked what they can help m 

Back in the early 80s I banked with Barclay’s Bank in the UK. I don’t really know why them - I think when I decided to open a bank account it was a case of picking one at random. Barclays advertised with the slogan “You’re better off talking to Barclay’s”. A few years later I moved from one side of the country to the other. It was an exciting time and I moved out of my parents’ home and into my first very own. There was a lot to do, but one of the small chores was to write to the bank to let them know my change of address. This was in the days before internet or email, so things were done by te 

This happened a few hours ago Have been stranded in Bali for about 8 months living with girlfriend Friend from Jakarta wanted to come over to catch up (and escape being so bored in lockdown there) Needed a little financial help. No problem, I had her details as sent help before Girlfriend took me to same bank I used last time. Went upstairs to a teller and presented my credit card and passport and phone with friend in Jakarta bank details explaining what I required After a bit of chat between the tellers and my girlfriend it was explained to me bank could not do that. I had to go downstairs to the  

A few months ago, during Lockdown 1.0 here in the UK, I tried to look up the value of an investment on the investment company’s platform. This rejected my login details, so I got new ones, which also didn’t work. Eventually I complained and when I got onto the site it just had historical values, so I did my usual thing of very politely ringing them up and finally got the information I was looking for. The investment firm sent me a cheque for £100 as compensation for their platform not working properly, which was a bit of a surprise. I took it to my bank and queued outside (because of Covid) to  

Several years before, I’d hired on at a local construction corporation that had its own concrete plant. The place I was coming from was a bank. I couldn’t stand the bureaucracy there, so I found myself a job I thought I’d like better, and I did. Money was tight — I have to emphasize that — in the first couple of years at the corp. The President’s wife had passed away a few years back, without much prior notice, and instead of going out, making sales, and keeping the businesses overseen and moving forward, he’d been using her life insurance and other funds he had to pay the bills in a way that w 

Have you ever had bank staff speak down to you in a condescending manner, until the manager saw &amp; recognised you as a long time, valued customer? What happened next?
I have lived in Thailand for 40+ years. Even simple, everyday errands can be an adventure. I had no choice. I had to deposit funds in my husband’s account at a conservative Thai bank that I don’t use. Parking is near-impossible, and if I got lucky and found a spot, the chances were that my car would also be blocked in. I was lucky. Until I walked into the bank. Thais are very good at pretending they see nothing but actually notice EVERYTHING. The three tellers saw me before I opened the door and registered ‘foreign arrival’. None of them was comfortable with that. I know the body language, the facia 

Once upon a time, I was dirt poor. Overdrafts were a part of my life just to get through a typical month. Nobody really talks about how expensive it is to be poor. It can be a struggle up a slippery slope. I was working full time and within my budget. I had one credit card that I kept for emergencies, though I had them every other week it felt. I owned a cheap, unreliable car that cost me more in a year to keep running than I would have paid on a newer car with a warranty. My bank saw me on paper and in person as a thief of their money, collecting multiple fines of $50 or $75 out of my paychec 

In my mid 30’s I went into business with a partner. Both of us went to the bank together to try to get an operating line of credit and a loan to purchase some needed equipment. My business partners Dad and Uncle were/are very well to do and they offered to loan us the money but we both decided we would like to at least try to do everything on our own. Both of us had saved up money to go into business. We had property with a large pole barn we had been working out of and it was set up with what we needed until we wanted to really grow the business. Both of us were in our work clothes - maybe not a 

I haven’t had this problem in a bank, but I’ve had this issue in a watch repair shop recently. I had taken a couple of antique Rolex watches in for repair after work - I was wearing expensive looking clothes and had a Louis Vuitton bag at the time and was greeted enthusiastically by the lady in the store, and I felt like she was going out of her way to be nice to me. I went into the same store a few days later on a weekend; I was on my way to the park and had to walk past the store so thought I’d check on the progress of the repair. I had more casual clothes on, and was carrying a generic leat 

The manager didn’t have to get involved, but the teller was condescending until she realized what I was trying to tell her: In the 1980s, I was living in (what was then) West Germany with my then husband, who was in the US Army. We planned a weekend trip to Amsterdam, and during my lunch break, I walked to a German bank about 15 minutes away to get my US $ changed to Dutch guilders. I then walked back to work, and during my afternoon break I took the guilders out and counted them. It seemed that I had an awful lot of guilders, and I was trying to figure out what the exchange rate should have bee 

I phoned the bank after receiving a letter about the eight cheques they had bounced and were charging £25 each for, I was horrified! I obviously then phoned them as there was more than enough funds in my account to cover the cheques, the monthly salary cheque was paid in by me ten days before. We lived in a small town in the UK most people know each other… so I spoke to an acquaintance at the bank. I asked her just why and her answer was “ In order for us to pay things out you have to pay funds in” I was floored! I replied I did in the sub branch, the reply I got was it was seven days late! Af 

Yes. Only a few weeks ago. I have been at the same bank for 44 years. Ever since opening an account when I was 16. In Canada we have five major banks, with branches all over the country. Almost every single town will have at least two of these banks. In larger centres, each bank will have several branches. When I moved to my current small town I transferred my accounts to the local branch. I am on their ‘special customer list.” I’m not rich by any means, but a decade ago, I was laid off from a job after 22 years, and all my pension money went into my account. So I had a sizable chunk of change i 

It happened to my sister, who had just turned 20, in the mid-70’s. Teller didn’t know my sister (or our family) and apparently decided she didn’t like her as soon as she saw my sister. My sister wants to cash a check and teller verifies my sister has an account with the bank, somehow missing the fact my sister has several hundred times the check’s amount on deposit in her account. Teller then demands four picture IDs to cash the check. My sister can only produce driver’s license and college ID so teller says she has to take her business elsewhere. My sister goes home and tells our mom what happ 

Back in the late 70s there was a lady at our church who was a widow with grown kids who did nothing for her. She needed help with things and we had been friends most of my 20 something years. I had helped with things at her house, buying groceries for or with her and took her to doctor's office from time to time. We spent a lot of time playing cards, chess, Monolopy and other bored games. We watch TV many nights and weekends with my girlfriend then with my wife. I had hired painters, rug cleaners, floor refiishers, mechanics, etc for her. She always had enough money in her checking account to  

When I started university I had won a $1000/year scholarship that was being administered by one of the local banks. I grew up in a town of 8000 people, and everybody knew everybody. My dad was a grocer and city council member for years, so - while we weren’t wealthy by any means - everybody really knew us. The people at the bank knew me, also. I had been a paperboy for four years from around ages 10–14 and that bank was where we paid our bills each Saturday. Every Saturday morning for four years I would be there at 9AM when the bank opened and pay my bill with exact change. I would find out lat 

Have you ever had bank staff speak down to you in a condescending manner, until the manager saw &amp; recognised you as a long time, valued customer? What happened next?
I have lived in Thailand for 40+ years. Even simple, everyday errands can be an adventure. I had no choice. I had to deposit funds in my husband’s account at a conservative Thai bank that I don’t use. Parking is near-impossible, and if I got lucky and found a spot, the chances were that my car would also be blocked in. I was lucky. Until I walked into the bank. Thais are very good at pretending they see nothing but actually notice EVERYTHING. The three tellers saw me before I opened the door and registered ‘foreign arrival’. None of them was comfortable with that. I know the body language, the facia 

Once upon a time, I was dirt poor. Overdrafts were a part of my life just to get through a typical month. Nobody really talks about how expensive it is to be poor. It can be a struggle up a slippery slope. I was working full time and within my budget. I had one credit card that I kept for emergencies, though I had them every other week it felt. I owned a cheap, unreliable car that cost me more in a year to keep running than I would have paid on a newer car with a warranty. My bank saw me on paper and in person as a thief of their money, collecting multiple fines of $50 or $75 out of my paychec 

In my mid 30’s I went into business with a partner. Both of us went to the bank together to try to get an operating line of credit and a loan to purchase some needed equipment. My business partners Dad and Uncle were/are very well to do and they offered to loan us the money but we both decided we would like to at least try to do everything on our own. Both of us had saved up money to go into business. We had property with a large pole barn we had been working out of and it was set up with what we needed until we wanted to really grow the business. Both of us were in our work clothes - maybe not a 

I haven’t had this problem in a bank, but I’ve had this issue in a watch repair shop recently. I had taken a couple of antique Rolex watches in for repair after work - I was wearing expensive looking clothes and had a Louis Vuitton bag at the time and was greeted enthusiastically by the lady in the store, and I felt like she was going out of her way to be nice to me. I went into the same store a few days later on a weekend; I was on my way to the park and had to walk past the store so thought I’d check on the progress of the repair. I had more casual clothes on, and was carrying a generic leat 

The manager didn’t have to get involved, but the teller was condescending until she realized what I was trying to tell her: In the 1980s, I was living in (what was then) West Germany with my then husband, who was in the US Army. We planned a weekend trip to Amsterdam, and during my lunch break, I walked to a German bank about 15 minutes away to get my US $ changed to Dutch guilders. I then walked back to work, and during my afternoon break I took the guilders out and counted them. It seemed that I had an awful lot of guilders, and I was trying to figure out what the exchange rate should have bee 

I phoned the bank after receiving a letter about the eight cheques they had bounced and were charging £25 each for, I was horrified! I obviously then phoned them as there was more than enough funds in my account to cover the cheques, the monthly salary cheque was paid in by me ten days before. We lived in a small town in the UK most people know each other… so I spoke to an acquaintance at the bank. I asked her just why and her answer was “ In order for us to pay things out you have to pay funds in” I was floored! I replied I did in the sub branch, the reply I got was it was seven days late! Af 

Yes. Only a few weeks ago. I have been at the same bank for 44 years. Ever since opening an account when I was 16. In Canada we have five major banks, with branches all over the country. Almost every single town will have at least two of these banks. In larger centres, each bank will have several branches. When I moved to my current small town I transferred my accounts to the local branch. I am on their ‘special customer list.” I’m not rich by any means, but a decade ago, I was laid off from a job after 22 years, and all my pension money went into my account. So I had a sizable chunk of change i 

It happened to my sister, who had just turned 20, in the mid-70’s. Teller didn’t know my sister (or our family) and apparently decided she didn’t like her as soon as she saw my sister. My sister wants to cash a check and teller verifies my sister has an account with the bank, somehow missing the fact my sister has several hundred times the check’s amount on deposit in her account. Teller then demands four picture IDs to cash the check. My sister can only produce driver’s license and college ID so teller says she has to take her business elsewhere. My sister goes home and tells our mom what happ 

Back in the late 70s there was a lady at our church who was a widow with grown kids who did nothing for her. She needed help with things and we had been friends most of my 20 something years. I had helped with things at her house, buying groceries for or with her and took her to doctor's office from time to time. We spent a lot of time playing cards, chess, Monolopy and other bored games. We watch TV many nights and weekends with my girlfriend then with my wife. I had hired painters, rug cleaners, floor refiishers, mechanics, etc for her. She always had enough money in her checking account to  

When I started university I had won a $1000/year scholarship that was being administered by one of the local banks. I grew up in a town of 8000 people, and everybody knew everybody. My dad was a grocer and city council member for years, so - while we weren’t wealthy by any means - everybody really knew us. The people at the bank knew me, also. I had been a paperboy for four years from around ages 10–14 and that bank was where we paid our bills each Saturday. Every Saturday morning for four years I would be there at 9AM when the bank opened and pay my bill with exact change. I would find out lat 

What did someone do or say at the bank that made you say, “You gotta be kidding me!”?
I have had dozens of incidents where I was utterly lost for words at what the banks have done. I will relate one that was astounding though. I sold part of my business for a substantial sum and received a check. Now I needed to settle a large number of outstanding debts and they needed to be done quickly. I went to my bank branch to pay in the check and as the check was with another branch of the same bank I asked them to verify that it would clear. They confirmed it would and suggested I pay a fee of £25 for express clearance and therefore the money would be in our account by 9–00 am the next day.  

Telling banks “You gotta be kidding me!” seems to be one of my hobbies. 1. Boss was overseas and got a large cheque we’d been expecting for a sale to the US government. Went to deposit it at the bank in the company account and the bank wanted the boss to sign the back of the cheque because the cheque was large and in USD not AUD. Told them it wasn’t happening because he was in the UK for 8 weeks. They tried to tell me they wouldn’t accept the cheque and I informed them things were going to get really awkward then when the payroll went through. They changed their mind. 2. Turned up for a meeting  

When I was about 19 years old I was standing in line behind a well dressed black woman in the line-up for service at one of the counters for the teller. As the woman ahead of me was called over to the teller I barely noticed the security guard eyeing her and standing a lot closer to the row of teller windows at the service counter. I was called over to the next teller which was right next to the counter window where the well dressed black woman was doing her banking business and I overheard her telling the teller that ‘she was there to pick up her new gold credit card (gold has the highest credi 

About 20 years ago we purchased a second house as an investment property. We were living and working overseas at the time, so everything was done during one of our periodic visits back home to Australia. We sat down with a very helpful representative from the same bank that held the mortgage on our first home – let’s call it Bank AAA. Everything went along smoothly, and the house was ours. Just before we returned overseas, we forwarded a bunch of paperwork to him have half the mortgage amount changed from variable interest to fixed interest over five years, to reduce our exposure to rising inte 

I was away from my local area and needed my bank account number to set up an auto-payment arrangement. So I called my bank, asked for a teller that I had known for years; Amy. Hi Amy - how’s the new baby? Bradley isn’t a baby any more - he’s 15 months already. Wow; I never would have guessed that! It seems like just a month or two since you were even pregnant. We must be having way too much fun - the way time flies by and all that. I know; right? So what can I help you with today? I just need my bank account number. Oh; just stop by - I can’t give you that over the phone. What? Why not? It’s bank poli 

I’ve got two stories. You can decide which experience is worse for yourself. Story 1: I had decided to purchase a motorcycle. The seller was several states away and we were going on a mini-road trip to go pick up the bike over the weekend. Friday evening, I go to pull the money out of my bank. I needed $3,000 cash. I had at least 20K in my bank account at the time, so I don’t think there’s going to be any issue, right? I wait my turn in line and make it up to the teller. I already have the withdraw slip filled out and my debit card and driver’s license in my hand. When asked what they can help m 

Back in the early 80s I banked with Barclay’s Bank in the UK. I don’t really know why them - I think when I decided to open a bank account it was a case of picking one at random. Barclays advertised with the slogan “You’re better off talking to Barclay’s”. A few years later I moved from one side of the country to the other. It was an exciting time and I moved out of my parents’ home and into my first very own. There was a lot to do, but one of the small chores was to write to the bank to let them know my change of address. This was in the days before internet or email, so things were done by te 

This happened a few hours ago Have been stranded in Bali for about 8 months living with girlfriend Friend from Jakarta wanted to come over to catch up (and escape being so bored in lockdown there) Needed a little financial help. No problem, I had her details as sent help before Girlfriend took me to same bank I used last time. Went upstairs to a teller and presented my credit card and passport and phone with friend in Jakarta bank details explaining what I required After a bit of chat between the tellers and my girlfriend it was explained to me bank could not do that. I had to go downstairs to the  

A few months ago, during Lockdown 1.0 here in the UK, I tried to look up the value of an investment on the investment company’s platform. This rejected my login details, so I got new ones, which also didn’t work. Eventually I complained and when I got onto the site it just had historical values, so I did my usual thing of very politely ringing them up and finally got the information I was looking for. The investment firm sent me a cheque for £100 as compensation for their platform not working properly, which was a bit of a surprise. I took it to my bank and queued outside (because of Covid) to  

Several years before, I’d hired on at a local construction corporation that had its own concrete plant. The place I was coming from was a bank. I couldn’t stand the bureaucracy there, so I found myself a job I thought I’d like better, and I did. Money was tight — I have to emphasize that — in the first couple of years at the corp. The President’s wife had passed away a few years back, without much prior notice, and instead of going out, making sales, and keeping the businesses overseen and moving forward, he’d been using her life insurance and other funds he had to pay the bills in a way that w 

What did someone do or say at the bank that made you say, “You gotta be kidding me!”?
I have had dozens of incidents where I was utterly lost for words at what the banks have done. I will relate one that was astounding though. I sold part of my business for a substantial sum and received a check. Now I needed to settle a large number of outstanding debts and they needed to be done quickly. I went to my bank branch to pay in the check and as the check was with another branch of the same bank I asked them to verify that it would clear. They confirmed it would and suggested I pay a fee of £25 for express clearance and therefore the money would be in our account by 9–00 am the next day.  

Telling banks “You gotta be kidding me!” seems to be one of my hobbies. 1. Boss was overseas and got a large cheque we’d been expecting for a sale to the US government. Went to deposit it at the bank in the company account and the bank wanted the boss to sign the back of the cheque because the cheque was large and in USD not AUD. Told them it wasn’t happening because he was in the UK for 8 weeks. They tried to tell me they wouldn’t accept the cheque and I informed them things were going to get really awkward then when the payroll went through. They changed their mind. 2. Turned up for a meeting  

When I was about 19 years old I was standing in line behind a well dressed black woman in the line-up for service at one of the counters for the teller. As the woman ahead of me was called over to the teller I barely noticed the security guard eyeing her and standing a lot closer to the row of teller windows at the service counter. I was called over to the next teller which was right next to the counter window where the well dressed black woman was doing her banking business and I overheard her telling the teller that ‘she was there to pick up her new gold credit card (gold has the highest credi 

About 20 years ago we purchased a second house as an investment property. We were living and working overseas at the time, so everything was done during one of our periodic visits back home to Australia. We sat down with a very helpful representative from the same bank that held the mortgage on our first home – let’s call it Bank AAA. Everything went along smoothly, and the house was ours. Just before we returned overseas, we forwarded a bunch of paperwork to him have half the mortgage amount changed from variable interest to fixed interest over five years, to reduce our exposure to rising inte 

I was away from my local area and needed my bank account number to set up an auto-payment arrangement. So I called my bank, asked for a teller that I had known for years; Amy. Hi Amy - how’s the new baby? Bradley isn’t a baby any more - he’s 15 months already. Wow; I never would have guessed that! It seems like just a month or two since you were even pregnant. We must be having way too much fun - the way time flies by and all that. I know; right? So what can I help you with today? I just need my bank account number. Oh; just stop by - I can’t give you that over the phone. What? Why not? It’s bank poli 

I’ve got two stories. You can decide which experience is worse for yourself. Story 1: I had decided to purchase a motorcycle. The seller was several states away and we were going on a mini-road trip to go pick up the bike over the weekend. Friday evening, I go to pull the money out of my bank. I needed $3,000 cash. I had at least 20K in my bank account at the time, so I don’t think there’s going to be any issue, right? I wait my turn in line and make it up to the teller. I already have the withdraw slip filled out and my debit card and driver’s license in my hand. When asked what they can help m 

Back in the early 80s I banked with Barclay’s Bank in the UK. I don’t really know why them - I think when I decided to open a bank account it was a case of picking one at random. Barclays advertised with the slogan “You’re better off talking to Barclay’s”. A few years later I moved from one side of the country to the other. It was an exciting time and I moved out of my parents’ home and into my first very own. There was a lot to do, but one of the small chores was to write to the bank to let them know my change of address. This was in the days before internet or email, so things were done by te 

This happened a few hours ago Have been stranded in Bali for about 8 months living with girlfriend Friend from Jakarta wanted to come over to catch up (and escape being so bored in lockdown there) Needed a little financial help. No problem, I had her details as sent help before Girlfriend took me to same bank I used last time. Went upstairs to a teller and presented my credit card and passport and phone with friend in Jakarta bank details explaining what I required After a bit of chat between the tellers and my girlfriend it was explained to me bank could not do that. I had to go downstairs to the  

A few months ago, during Lockdown 1.0 here in the UK, I tried to look up the value of an investment on the investment company’s platform. This rejected my login details, so I got new ones, which also didn’t work. Eventually I complained and when I got onto the site it just had historical values, so I did my usual thing of very politely ringing them up and finally got the information I was looking for. The investment firm sent me a cheque for £100 as compensation for their platform not working properly, which was a bit of a surprise. I took it to my bank and queued outside (because of Covid) to  

Several years before, I’d hired on at a local construction corporation that had its own concrete plant. The place I was coming from was a bank. I couldn’t stand the bureaucracy there, so I found myself a job I thought I’d like better, and I did. Money was tight — I have to emphasize that — in the first couple of years at the corp. The President’s wife had passed away a few years back, without much prior notice, and instead of going out, making sales, and keeping the businesses overseen and moving forward, he’d been using her life insurance and other funds he had to pay the bills in a way that w 

What did someone do or say at the bank that made you say, “You gotta be kidding me!”?
What did someone do or say at the bank that made you say, “You gotta be kidding me!”?
I have had dozens of incidents where I was utterly lost for words at what the banks have done. I will relate one that was astounding though. I sold part of my business for a substantial sum and received a check. Now I needed to settle a large number of outstanding debts and they needed to be done quickly. I went to my bank branch to pay in the check and as the check was with another branch of the same bank I asked them to verify that it would clear. They confirmed it would and suggested I pay a fee of £25 for express clearance and therefore the money would be in our account by 9–00 am the next day.  

Telling banks “You gotta be kidding me!” seems to be one of my hobbies. 1. Boss was overseas and got a large cheque we’d been expecting for a sale to the US government. Went to deposit it at the bank in the company account and the bank wanted the boss to sign the back of the cheque because the cheque was large and in USD not AUD. Told them it wasn’t happening because he was in the UK for 8 weeks. They tried to tell me they wouldn’t accept the cheque and I informed them things were going to get really awkward then when the payroll went through. They changed their mind. 2. Turned up for a meeting  

When I was about 19 years old I was standing in line behind a well dressed black woman in the line-up for service at one of the counters for the teller. As the woman ahead of me was called over to the teller I barely noticed the security guard eyeing her and standing a lot closer to the row of teller windows at the service counter. I was called over to the next teller which was right next to the counter window where the well dressed black woman was doing her banking business and I overheard her telling the teller that ‘she was there to pick up her new gold credit card (gold has the highest credi 

About 20 years ago we purchased a second house as an investment property. We were living and working overseas at the time, so everything was done during one of our periodic visits back home to Australia. We sat down with a very helpful representative from the same bank that held the mortgage on our first home – let’s call it Bank AAA. Everything went along smoothly, and the house was ours. Just before we returned overseas, we forwarded a bunch of paperwork to him have half the mortgage amount changed from variable interest to fixed interest over five years, to reduce our exposure to rising inte 

I was away from my local area and needed my bank account number to set up an auto-payment arrangement. So I called my bank, asked for a teller that I had known for years; Amy. Hi Amy - how’s the new baby? Bradley isn’t a baby any more - he’s 15 months already. Wow; I never would have guessed that! It seems like just a month or two since you were even pregnant. We must be having way too much fun - the way time flies by and all that. I know; right? So what can I help you with today? I just need my bank account number. Oh; just stop by - I can’t give you that over the phone. What? Why not? It’s bank poli 

I’ve got two stories. You can decide which experience is worse for yourself. Story 1: I had decided to purchase a motorcycle. The seller was several states away and we were going on a mini-road trip to go pick up the bike over the weekend. Friday evening, I go to pull the money out of my bank. I needed $3,000 cash. I had at least 20K in my bank account at the time, so I don’t think there’s going to be any issue, right? I wait my turn in line and make it up to the teller. I already have the withdraw slip filled out and my debit card and driver’s license in my hand. When asked what they can help m 

Back in the early 80s I banked with Barclay’s Bank in the UK. I don’t really know why them - I think when I decided to open a bank account it was a case of picking one at random. Barclays advertised with the slogan “You’re better off talking to Barclay’s”. A few years later I moved from one side of the country to the other. It was an exciting time and I moved out of my parents’ home and into my first very own. There was a lot to do, but one of the small chores was to write to the bank to let them know my change of address. This was in the days before internet or email, so things were done by te 

This happened a few hours ago Have been stranded in Bali for about 8 months living with girlfriend Friend from Jakarta wanted to come over to catch up (and escape being so bored in lockdown there) Needed a little financial help. No problem, I had her details as sent help before Girlfriend took me to same bank I used last time. Went upstairs to a teller and presented my credit card and passport and phone with friend in Jakarta bank details explaining what I required After a bit of chat between the tellers and my girlfriend it was explained to me bank could not do that. I had to go downstairs to the  

A few months ago, during Lockdown 1.0 here in the UK, I tried to look up the value of an investment on the investment company’s platform. This rejected my login details, so I got new ones, which also didn’t work. Eventually I complained and when I got onto the site it just had historical values, so I did my usual thing of very politely ringing them up and finally got the information I was looking for. The investment firm sent me a cheque for £100 as compensation for their platform not working properly, which was a bit of a surprise. I took it to my bank and queued outside (because of Covid) to  

Several years before, I’d hired on at a local construction corporation that had its own concrete plant. The place I was coming from was a bank. I couldn’t stand the bureaucracy there, so I found myself a job I thought I’d like better, and I did. Money was tight — I have to emphasize that — in the first couple of years at the corp. The President’s wife had passed away a few years back, without much prior notice, and instead of going out, making sales, and keeping the businesses overseen and moving forward, he’d been using her life insurance and other funds he had to pay the bills in a way that w 

What did someone do or say at the bank that made you say, “You gotta be kidding me!”?
I have had dozens of incidents where I was utterly lost for words at what the banks have done. I will relate one that was astounding though. I sold part of my business for a substantial sum and received a check. Now I needed to settle a large number of outstanding debts and they needed to be done quickly. I went to my bank branch to pay in the check and as the check was with another branch of the same bank I asked them to verify that it would clear. They confirmed it would and suggested I pay a fee of £25 for express clearance and therefore the money would be in our account by 9–00 am the next day.  

Telling banks “You gotta be kidding me!” seems to be one of my hobbies. 1. Boss was overseas and got a large cheque we’d been expecting for a sale to the US government. Went to deposit it at the bank in the company account and the bank wanted the boss to sign the back of the cheque because the cheque was large and in USD not AUD. Told them it wasn’t happening because he was in the UK for 8 weeks. They tried to tell me they wouldn’t accept the cheque and I informed them things were going to get really awkward then when the payroll went through. They changed their mind. 2. Turned up for a meeting  

When I was about 19 years old I was standing in line behind a well dressed black woman in the line-up for service at one of the counters for the teller. As the woman ahead of me was called over to the teller I barely noticed the security guard eyeing her and standing a lot closer to the row of teller windows at the service counter. I was called over to the next teller which was right next to the counter window where the well dressed black woman was doing her banking business and I overheard her telling the teller that ‘she was there to pick up her new gold credit card (gold has the highest credi 

About 20 years ago we purchased a second house as an investment property. We were living and working overseas at the time, so everything was done during one of our periodic visits back home to Australia. We sat down with a very helpful representative from the same bank that held the mortgage on our first home – let’s call it Bank AAA. Everything went along smoothly, and the house was ours. Just before we returned overseas, we forwarded a bunch of paperwork to him have half the mortgage amount changed from variable interest to fixed interest over five years, to reduce our exposure to rising inte 

I was away from my local area and needed my bank account number to set up an auto-payment arrangement. So I called my bank, asked for a teller that I had known for years; Amy. Hi Amy - how’s the new baby? Bradley isn’t a baby any more - he’s 15 months already. Wow; I never would have guessed that! It seems like just a month or two since you were even pregnant. We must be having way too much fun - the way time flies by and all that. I know; right? So what can I help you with today? I just need my bank account number. Oh; just stop by - I can’t give you that over the phone. What? Why not? It’s bank poli 

I’ve got two stories. You can decide which experience is worse for yourself. Story 1: I had decided to purchase a motorcycle. The seller was several states away and we were going on a mini-road trip to go pick up the bike over the weekend. Friday evening, I go to pull the money out of my bank. I needed $3,000 cash. I had at least 20K in my bank account at the time, so I don’t think there’s going to be any issue, right? I wait my turn in line and make it up to the teller. I already have the withdraw slip filled out and my debit card and driver’s license in my hand. When asked what they can help m 

Back in the early 80s I banked with Barclay’s Bank in the UK. I don’t really know why them - I think when I decided to open a bank account it was a case of picking one at random. Barclays advertised with the slogan “You’re better off talking to Barclay’s”. A few years later I moved from one side of the country to the other. It was an exciting time and I moved out of my parents’ home and into my first very own. There was a lot to do, but one of the small chores was to write to the bank to let them know my change of address. This was in the days before internet or email, so things were done by te 

This happened a few hours ago Have been stranded in Bali for about 8 months living with girlfriend Friend from Jakarta wanted to come over to catch up (and escape being so bored in lockdown there) Needed a little financial help. No problem, I had her details as sent help before Girlfriend took me to same bank I used last time. Went upstairs to a teller and presented my credit card and passport and phone with friend in Jakarta bank details explaining what I required After a bit of chat between the tellers and my girlfriend it was explained to me bank could not do that. I had to go downstairs to the  

A few months ago, during Lockdown 1.0 here in the UK, I tried to look up the value of an investment on the investment company’s platform. This rejected my login details, so I got new ones, which also didn’t work. Eventually I complained and when I got onto the site it just had historical values, so I did my usual thing of very politely ringing them up and finally got the information I was looking for. The investment firm sent me a cheque for £100 as compensation for their platform not working properly, which was a bit of a surprise. I took it to my bank and queued outside (because of Covid) to  

Several years before, I’d hired on at a local construction corporation that had its own concrete plant. The place I was coming from was a bank. I couldn’t stand the bureaucracy there, so I found myself a job I thought I’d like better, and I did. Money was tight — I have to emphasize that — in the first couple of years at the corp. The President’s wife had passed away a few years back, without much prior notice, and instead of going out, making sales, and keeping the businesses overseen and moving forward, he’d been using her life insurance and other funds he had to pay the bills in a way that w 

What did someone do or say at the bank that made you say, “You gotta be kidding me!”?
I have had dozens of incidents where I was utterly lost for words at what the banks have done. I will relate one that was astounding though. I sold part of my business for a substantial sum and received a check. Now I needed to settle a large number of outstanding debts and they needed to be done quickly. I went to my bank branch to pay in the check and as the check was with another branch of the same bank I asked them to verify that it would clear. They confirmed it would and suggested I pay a fee of £25 for express clearance and therefore the money would be in our account by 9–00 am the next day.  

Telling banks “You gotta be kidding me!” seems to be one of my hobbies. 1. Boss was overseas and got a large cheque we’d been expecting for a sale to the US government. Went to deposit it at the bank in the company account and the bank wanted the boss to sign the back of the cheque because the cheque was large and in USD not AUD. Told them it wasn’t happening because he was in the UK for 8 weeks. They tried to tell me they wouldn’t accept the cheque and I informed them things were going to get really awkward then when the payroll went through. They changed their mind. 2. Turned up for a meeting  

When I was about 19 years old I was standing in line behind a well dressed black woman in the line-up for service at one of the counters for the teller. As the woman ahead of me was called over to the teller I barely noticed the security guard eyeing her and standing a lot closer to the row of teller windows at the service counter. I was called over to the next teller which was right next to the counter window where the well dressed black woman was doing her banking business and I overheard her telling the teller that ‘she was there to pick up her new gold credit card (gold has the highest credi 

About 20 years ago we purchased a second house as an investment property. We were living and working overseas at the time, so everything was done during one of our periodic visits back home to Australia. We sat down with a very helpful representative from the same bank that held the mortgage on our first home – let’s call it Bank AAA. Everything went along smoothly, and the house was ours. Just before we returned overseas, we forwarded a bunch of paperwork to him have half the mortgage amount changed from variable interest to fixed interest over five years, to reduce our exposure to rising inte 

I was away from my local area and needed my bank account number to set up an auto-payment arrangement. So I called my bank, asked for a teller that I had known for years; Amy. Hi Amy - how’s the new baby? Bradley isn’t a baby any more - he’s 15 months already. Wow; I never would have guessed that! It seems like just a month or two since you were even pregnant. We must be having way too much fun - the way time flies by and all that. I know; right? So what can I help you with today? I just need my bank account number. Oh; just stop by - I can’t give you that over the phone. What? Why not? It’s bank poli 

I’ve got two stories. You can decide which experience is worse for yourself. Story 1: I had decided to purchase a motorcycle. The seller was several states away and we were going on a mini-road trip to go pick up the bike over the weekend. Friday evening, I go to pull the money out of my bank. I needed $3,000 cash. I had at least 20K in my bank account at the time, so I don’t think there’s going to be any issue, right? I wait my turn in line and make it up to the teller. I already have the withdraw slip filled out and my debit card and driver’s license in my hand. When asked what they can help m 

Back in the early 80s I banked with Barclay’s Bank in the UK. I don’t really know why them - I think when I decided to open a bank account it was a case of picking one at random. Barclays advertised with the slogan “You’re better off talking to Barclay’s”. A few years later I moved from one side of the country to the other. It was an exciting time and I moved out of my parents’ home and into my first very own. There was a lot to do, but one of the small chores was to write to the bank to let them know my change of address. This was in the days before internet or email, so things were done by te 

This happened a few hours ago Have been stranded in Bali for about 8 months living with girlfriend Friend from Jakarta wanted to come over to catch up (and escape being so bored in lockdown there) Needed a little financial help. No problem, I had her details as sent help before Girlfriend took me to same bank I used last time. Went upstairs to a teller and presented my credit card and passport and phone with friend in Jakarta bank details explaining what I required After a bit of chat between the tellers and my girlfriend it was explained to me bank could not do that. I had to go downstairs to the  

A few months ago, during Lockdown 1.0 here in the UK, I tried to look up the value of an investment on the investment company’s platform. This rejected my login details, so I got new ones, which also didn’t work. Eventually I complained and when I got onto the site it just had historical values, so I did my usual thing of very politely ringing them up and finally got the information I was looking for. The investment firm sent me a cheque for £100 as compensation for their platform not working properly, which was a bit of a surprise. I took it to my bank and queued outside (because of Covid) to  

Several years before, I’d hired on at a local construction corporation that had its own concrete plant. The place I was coming from was a bank. I couldn’t stand the bureaucracy there, so I found myself a job I thought I’d like better, and I did. Money was tight — I have to emphasize that — in the first couple of years at the corp. The President’s wife had passed away a few years back, without much prior notice, and instead of going out, making sales, and keeping the businesses overseen and moving forward, he’d been using her life insurance and other funds he had to pay the bills in a way that w 

What did someone do or say at the bank that made you say, “You gotta be kidding me!”?
I have had dozens of incidents where I was utterly lost for words at what the banks have done. I will relate one that was astounding though. I sold part of my business for a substantial sum and received a check. Now I needed to settle a large number of outstanding debts and they needed to be done quickly. I went to my bank branch to pay in the check and as the check was with another branch of the same bank I asked them to verify that it would clear. They confirmed it would and suggested I pay a fee of £25 for express clearance and therefore the money would be in our account by 9–00 am the next day.  

Telling banks “You gotta be kidding me!” seems to be one of my hobbies. 1. Boss was overseas and got a large cheque we’d been expecting for a sale to the US government. Went to deposit it at the bank in the company account and the bank wanted the boss to sign the back of the cheque because the cheque was large and in USD not AUD. Told them it wasn’t happening because he was in the UK for 8 weeks. They tried to tell me they wouldn’t accept the cheque and I informed them things were going to get really awkward then when the payroll went through. They changed their mind. 2. Turned up for a meeting  

When I was about 19 years old I was standing in line behind a well dressed black woman in the line-up for service at one of the counters for the teller. As the woman ahead of me was called over to the teller I barely noticed the security guard eyeing her and standing a lot closer to the row of teller windows at the service counter. I was called over to the next teller which was right next to the counter window where the well dressed black woman was doing her banking business and I overheard her telling the teller that ‘she was there to pick up her new gold credit card (gold has the highest credi 

About 20 years ago we purchased a second house as an investment property. We were living and working overseas at the time, so everything was done during one of our periodic visits back home to Australia. We sat down with a very helpful representative from the same bank that held the mortgage on our first home – let’s call it Bank AAA. Everything went along smoothly, and the house was ours. Just before we returned overseas, we forwarded a bunch of paperwork to him have half the mortgage amount changed from variable interest to fixed interest over five years, to reduce our exposure to rising inte 

I was away from my local area and needed my bank account number to set up an auto-payment arrangement. So I called my bank, asked for a teller that I had known for years; Amy. Hi Amy - how’s the new baby? Bradley isn’t a baby any more - he’s 15 months already. Wow; I never would have guessed that! It seems like just a month or two since you were even pregnant. We must be having way too much fun - the way time flies by and all that. I know; right? So what can I help you with today? I just need my bank account number. Oh; just stop by - I can’t give you that over the phone. What? Why not? It’s bank poli 

I’ve got two stories. You can decide which experience is worse for yourself. Story 1: I had decided to purchase a motorcycle. The seller was several states away and we were going on a mini-road trip to go pick up the bike over the weekend. Friday evening, I go to pull the money out of my bank. I needed $3,000 cash. I had at least 20K in my bank account at the time, so I don’t think there’s going to be any issue, right? I wait my turn in line and make it up to the teller. I already have the withdraw slip filled out and my debit card and driver’s license in my hand. When asked what they can help m 

Back in the early 80s I banked with Barclay’s Bank in the UK. I don’t really know why them - I think when I decided to open a bank account it was a case of picking one at random. Barclays advertised with the slogan “You’re better off talking to Barclay’s”. A few years later I moved from one side of the country to the other. It was an exciting time and I moved out of my parents’ home and into my first very own. There was a lot to do, but one of the small chores was to write to the bank to let them know my change of address. This was in the days before internet or email, so things were done by te 

This happened a few hours ago Have been stranded in Bali for about 8 months living with girlfriend Friend from Jakarta wanted to come over to catch up (and escape being so bored in lockdown there) Needed a little financial help. No problem, I had her details as sent help before Girlfriend took me to same bank I used last time. Went upstairs to a teller and presented my credit card and passport and phone with friend in Jakarta bank details explaining what I required After a bit of chat between the tellers and my girlfriend it was explained to me bank could not do that. I had to go downstairs to the  

A few months ago, during Lockdown 1.0 here in the UK, I tried to look up the value of an investment on the investment company’s platform. This rejected my login details, so I got new ones, which also didn’t work. Eventually I complained and when I got onto the site it just had historical values, so I did my usual thing of very politely ringing them up and finally got the information I was looking for. The investment firm sent me a cheque for £100 as compensation for their platform not working properly, which was a bit of a surprise. I took it to my bank and queued outside (because of Covid) to  

Several years before, I’d hired on at a local construction corporation that had its own concrete plant. The place I was coming from was a bank. I couldn’t stand the bureaucracy there, so I found myself a job I thought I’d like better, and I did. Money was tight — I have to emphasize that — in the first couple of years at the corp. The President’s wife had passed away a few years back, without much prior notice, and instead of going out, making sales, and keeping the businesses overseen and moving forward, he’d been using her life insurance and other funds he had to pay the bills in a way that w 

What did someone do or say at the bank that made you say, “You gotta be kidding me!”?
I have had dozens of incidents where I was utterly lost for words at what the banks have done. I will relate one that was astounding though. I sold part of my business for a substantial sum and received a check. Now I needed to settle a large number of outstanding debts and they needed to be done quickly. I went to my bank branch to pay in the check and as the check was with another branch of the same bank I asked them to verify that it would clear. They confirmed it would and suggested I pay a fee of £25 for express clearance and therefore the money would be in our account by 9–00 am the next day.  

Telling banks “You gotta be kidding me!” seems to be one of my hobbies. 1. Boss was overseas and got a large cheque we’d been expecting for a sale to the US government. Went to deposit it at the bank in the company account and the bank wanted the boss to sign the back of the cheque because the cheque was large and in USD not AUD. Told them it wasn’t happening because he was in the UK for 8 weeks. They tried to tell me they wouldn’t accept the cheque and I informed them things were going to get really awkward then when the payroll went through. They changed their mind. 2. Turned up for a meeting  

When I was about 19 years old I was standing in line behind a well dressed black woman in the line-up for service at one of the counters for the teller. As the woman ahead of me was called over to the teller I barely noticed the security guard eyeing her and standing a lot closer to the row of teller windows at the service counter. I was called over to the next teller which was right next to the counter window where the well dressed black woman was doing her banking business and I overheard her telling the teller that ‘she was there to pick up her new gold credit card (gold has the highest credi 

About 20 years ago we purchased a second house as an investment property. We were living and working overseas at the time, so everything was done during one of our periodic visits back home to Australia. We sat down with a very helpful representative from the same bank that held the mortgage on our first home – let’s call it Bank AAA. Everything went along smoothly, and the house was ours. Just before we returned overseas, we forwarded a bunch of paperwork to him have half the mortgage amount changed from variable interest to fixed interest over five years, to reduce our exposure to rising inte 

I was away from my local area and needed my bank account number to set up an auto-payment arrangement. So I called my bank, asked for a teller that I had known for years; Amy. Hi Amy - how’s the new baby? Bradley isn’t a baby any more - he’s 15 months already. Wow; I never would have guessed that! It seems like just a month or two since you were even pregnant. We must be having way too much fun - the way time flies by and all that. I know; right? So what can I help you with today? I just need my bank account number. Oh; just stop by - I can’t give you that over the phone. What? Why not? It’s bank poli 

I’ve got two stories. You can decide which experience is worse for yourself. Story 1: I had decided to purchase a motorcycle. The seller was several states away and we were going on a mini-road trip to go pick up the bike over the weekend. Friday evening, I go to pull the money out of my bank. I needed $3,000 cash. I had at least 20K in my bank account at the time, so I don’t think there’s going to be any issue, right? I wait my turn in line and make it up to the teller. I already have the withdraw slip filled out and my debit card and driver’s license in my hand. When asked what they can help m 

Back in the early 80s I banked with Barclay’s Bank in the UK. I don’t really know why them - I think when I decided to open a bank account it was a case of picking one at random. Barclays advertised with the slogan “You’re better off talking to Barclay’s”. A few years later I moved from one side of the country to the other. It was an exciting time and I moved out of my parents’ home and into my first very own. There was a lot to do, but one of the small chores was to write to the bank to let them know my change of address. This was in the days before internet or email, so things were done by te 

This happened a few hours ago Have been stranded in Bali for about 8 months living with girlfriend Friend from Jakarta wanted to come over to catch up (and escape being so bored in lockdown there) Needed a little financial help. No problem, I had her details as sent help before Girlfriend took me to same bank I used last time. Went upstairs to a teller and presented my credit card and passport and phone with friend in Jakarta bank details explaining what I required After a bit of chat between the tellers and my girlfriend it was explained to me bank could not do that. I had to go downstairs to the  

A few months ago, during Lockdown 1.0 here in the UK, I tried to look up the value of an investment on the investment company’s platform. This rejected my login details, so I got new ones, which also didn’t work. Eventually I complained and when I got onto the site it just had historical values, so I did my usual thing of very politely ringing them up and finally got the information I was looking for. The investment firm sent me a cheque for £100 as compensation for their platform not working properly, which was a bit of a surprise. I took it to my bank and queued outside (because of Covid) to  

Several years before, I’d hired on at a local construction corporation that had its own concrete plant. The place I was coming from was a bank. I couldn’t stand the bureaucracy there, so I found myself a job I thought I’d like better, and I did. Money was tight — I have to emphasize that — in the first couple of years at the corp. The President’s wife had passed away a few years back, without much prior notice, and instead of going out, making sales, and keeping the businesses overseen and moving forward, he’d been using her life insurance and other funds he had to pay the bills in a way that w 

Do the wealthiest 1% use the same banks as the rest of us?
Do you see this bank? It’s based in London and you will need a cool £1m to open an account.  I was there this week (no I’m not a customer) and this is the inside.  There’s a lot more than that. It has a cafe, private dining room, and several very grand meeting rooms. There are many private banks that only deal with the Ultra High Net Worth. They pride themselves on providing a very personal and discreet level of service. Many of their customers don’t really want to broadcast their wealth; they prefer anonymity. Not all of the Ultra High Net Worth use small private banks. There are advantages to work 

I deal with a few high net worth people in my current job. Let me clear up a common misconception that people have about how wealthy people “have” money: There are almost no Scrooge McDucks. Actual liquid wealth is somewhat rare:Few, if any, have large stores of cash in bank accounts (or swimming-pool style vaults)Few, if any, have an easy way of getting large amounts of liquid assets without taking an absolute beating in tax penalties.Most wealthy individuals have money in various IRA accounts, 401K accounts, investment accounts and “hard” assets such as real property, all of which are more va

Back in the day, I did an internship in the Private Wealth Management group in Merrill Lynch. The focus was on individuals with a net worth of $5 million or more (though most clients were well north of that mark). Here’s what I learned from that group: Yes, they absolutely use the same banks as the rest of us (Bank of America, Chase etc.). However, how they interact with the banks is very different. A college student with an account of $1000 and an individual with a north of $1 million dollars at the bank aren’t treated the same way. All banks have better services offered to higher net worth cli

A little math. 1% means 1 out of 100 people. So if you live in a neighborhood, town or city with more than 100 people, the odds are almost certain that somebody from the 1% lives near you. If you live in a neighborhood, town or city of several thousand people, there will be dozens or even hundreds of people in the 1% who live near you. So if it is a small town of 500 people with only 5 people in the 1%, there is probably only one bank where they and everybody else goes. In larger cities, they probably go to the most convenient bank or credit union, like most other people. it is amazing how peopl 

Read some of the answers... Mr. Link's is the most enlightening. I think that the political exploitation of jealousy and resentment by the Left has given many people a very distorted view of "the wealthiest 1%", and Mr. Link's post does much to clear that up. By way of mere window dressing, I would add to his worthy remarks only a few summary notes:  1) If you live in the United States, the United Kingdom, or Western Europe, and you are employed and have a roof over your head... you are wealthy! Stop believing the lie that if you don't have what the "beautiful people" on the flatscreen have, 

A few months ago, I was speaking to a guy. He lives in SE Asia and is originally from Switzerland. I believe his day job was to do with science or engineering - something analytical. He had a very lucrative career and was newly retired. However, he made a huge mistake. He had “invested” in:  FX trading! More of a speculation than an investment as it is high-leverage and he literally lost 99%-100% of his money he put in it. Why do I mention this and what does it have to do with banks? The point is, wealthy people are just people like everybody else. Think about this man and the stereotypes we might ha 

In the UK, generally yes. Look at property prices in London: somebody who bought a house there say 30 years ago may well be a ‘millionaire’ by now; a house I developed in Camden Road in the mid-Eighties sold for over a million twenty years later. That’s how so many Londoners can sell up, retire and move to a lovely, big home in the country - there are television series based on that. In the Nineties, I had dealings with banks that either specialised in the ultra-rich, or were high-street banks with specialist units for that. I can tell you, that they are extremely pleasant people to deal with - 

The nation's wealthiest families use the major US banks (Chase, B of A, Wells, etc) but also private banks, brokerage firm's banks, and international banks. Brown Brothers, Northern Trust, Goldman Sachs, Credit Suisse among others. These wealthy families have “family offices" with accountants, lawyers, and personal assistants. They manage the bank accounts and pay the bills. Some wealthy families rely on the private bank or trust department services to pay the bills, much like a family office. Few..few!!!… of the uber wealthy are concerned about banks, bank accounts, and paying bills. They don' 

Yes and no. Having worked with many ultra-high net worth individuals I can tell you that just about everyone has a regular checking and savings account through your traditional banks. If they opt to store a sizable amount of cash at banks they get their very own banker and can generally skip the line when making a deposit or withdrawal. However those of the top tier usually have their funds placed with a private financial institution. These banks cater to the higher echelon of society and keep their client’s wealth private by helping them to establish trusts, corporate entities and the like in 

Yes. And also no. Let’s be clear, the “Top 1%” in the US in 2019 begins at an annual income of $421,926 per year. The average annual income for those in the top 1% is $718,766.[1] That’s a lot of money, to be sure, but it’s not Lex Luthor amounts of money. The US population is about 330 million people. The top 1% is 3.3 million people. For the most part, these are people who are just like middle class earners, but with more money. They may be bringing in $700K/year, but they’re still spending a lot of it - on clothes, food, cars, houses, tuition, etc. Earnings don’t always correlate to cash assets. T 

What did someone do or say at the bank that made you say, “You gotta be kidding me!”?
I have had dozens of incidents where I was utterly lost for words at what the banks have done. I will relate one that was astounding though. I sold part of my business for a substantial sum and received a check. Now I needed to settle a large number of outstanding debts and they needed to be done quickly. I went to my bank branch to pay in the check and as the check was with another branch of the same bank I asked them to verify that it would clear. They confirmed it would and suggested I pay a fee of £25 for express clearance and therefore the money would be in our account by 9–00 am the next day.  

Telling banks “You gotta be kidding me!” seems to be one of my hobbies. 1. Boss was overseas and got a large cheque we’d been expecting for a sale to the US government. Went to deposit it at the bank in the company account and the bank wanted the boss to sign the back of the cheque because the cheque was large and in USD not AUD. Told them it wasn’t happening because he was in the UK for 8 weeks. They tried to tell me they wouldn’t accept the cheque and I informed them things were going to get really awkward then when the payroll went through. They changed their mind. 2. Turned up for a meeting  

When I was about 19 years old I was standing in line behind a well dressed black woman in the line-up for service at one of the counters for the teller. As the woman ahead of me was called over to the teller I barely noticed the security guard eyeing her and standing a lot closer to the row of teller windows at the service counter. I was called over to the next teller which was right next to the counter window where the well dressed black woman was doing her banking business and I overheard her telling the teller that ‘she was there to pick up her new gold credit card (gold has the highest credi 

About 20 years ago we purchased a second house as an investment property. We were living and working overseas at the time, so everything was done during one of our periodic visits back home to Australia. We sat down with a very helpful representative from the same bank that held the mortgage on our first home – let’s call it Bank AAA. Everything went along smoothly, and the house was ours. Just before we returned overseas, we forwarded a bunch of paperwork to him have half the mortgage amount changed from variable interest to fixed interest over five years, to reduce our exposure to rising inte 

I was away from my local area and needed my bank account number to set up an auto-payment arrangement. So I called my bank, asked for a teller that I had known for years; Amy. Hi Amy - how’s the new baby? Bradley isn’t a baby any more - he’s 15 months already. Wow; I never would have guessed that! It seems like just a month or two since you were even pregnant. We must be having way too much fun - the way time flies by and all that. I know; right? So what can I help you with today? I just need my bank account number. Oh; just stop by - I can’t give you that over the phone. What? Why not? It’s bank poli 

I’ve got two stories. You can decide which experience is worse for yourself. Story 1: I had decided to purchase a motorcycle. The seller was several states away and we were going on a mini-road trip to go pick up the bike over the weekend. Friday evening, I go to pull the money out of my bank. I needed $3,000 cash. I had at least 20K in my bank account at the time, so I don’t think there’s going to be any issue, right? I wait my turn in line and make it up to the teller. I already have the withdraw slip filled out and my debit card and driver’s license in my hand. When asked what they can help m 

Back in the early 80s I banked with Barclay’s Bank in the UK. I don’t really know why them - I think when I decided to open a bank account it was a case of picking one at random. Barclays advertised with the slogan “You’re better off talking to Barclay’s”. A few years later I moved from one side of the country to the other. It was an exciting time and I moved out of my parents’ home and into my first very own. There was a lot to do, but one of the small chores was to write to the bank to let them know my change of address. This was in the days before internet or email, so things were done by te 

This happened a few hours ago Have been stranded in Bali for about 8 months living with girlfriend Friend from Jakarta wanted to come over to catch up (and escape being so bored in lockdown there) Needed a little financial help. No problem, I had her details as sent help before Girlfriend took me to same bank I used last time. Went upstairs to a teller and presented my credit card and passport and phone with friend in Jakarta bank details explaining what I required After a bit of chat between the tellers and my girlfriend it was explained to me bank could not do that. I had to go downstairs to the  

A few months ago, during Lockdown 1.0 here in the UK, I tried to look up the value of an investment on the investment company’s platform. This rejected my login details, so I got new ones, which also didn’t work. Eventually I complained and when I got onto the site it just had historical values, so I did my usual thing of very politely ringing them up and finally got the information I was looking for. The investment firm sent me a cheque for £100 as compensation for their platform not working properly, which was a bit of a surprise. I took it to my bank and queued outside (because of Covid) to  

Several years before, I’d hired on at a local construction corporation that had its own concrete plant. The place I was coming from was a bank. I couldn’t stand the bureaucracy there, so I found myself a job I thought I’d like better, and I did. Money was tight — I have to emphasize that — in the first couple of years at the corp. The President’s wife had passed away a few years back, without much prior notice, and instead of going out, making sales, and keeping the businesses overseen and moving forward, he’d been using her life insurance and other funds he had to pay the bills in a way that w 

How did you realize you were poor?
When I was a child, I really didn’t know we were poor. I certainly didn’t feel that I was missing anything (well, except for the pony I asked for every Christmas). I was the youngest of four sisters. Until I was 10, my dad worked as a mechanic and my mom was a stay-at-home mom. My mom made most of the clothes for us girls (dresses were the rule at school back then), my dad wore a uniform each day, and we each had a “Sunday Best” outfit for church on Sunday. We got a new dress and shoes every Easter, flip flops for the summer, and new shoes for school. We lived in a wood framed house that had or 

I thought we were well off when I was young. We had a house, 2 older but functional cars, and we always had food. I did not understand why my dad was always away, or why my mom was always nervous and irritable. I did not notice that it was always the same food, and there were no pictures on the peanut butter, vegetables, or cheese. I didn't know other people didn't drink powdered milk. I didn't realize a lot of things. One day, in school, I noticed that my lunch tickets were a different color than the ones the kids around me had. I asked why the office gave them that color, and why they did not 

For me, the opposite happened. I realized I was not poor. My mother was raised in poverty and therefore approached the world with a perpetual attitude of scarcity. We lived in a lower-middle class neighborhood. I never received new clothes, only hand-me-downs. Taco Bell was an exciting splurge, and we could only order tap water to drink. In winter, we had to keep the thermostat so low that we needed an extra sweater or jacket indoors. My sisters and I were scolded for taking a long shower. In summer, we never watered the lawn because of the cost of water. Any liquid soap was watered down by at  

“Elsa, go call your grandmother now and ask her if she's cooking lunch.” I dreaded being asked to do this. My skin was not thick enough. I felt embarrassed asking my grandmother even though I loved her food and I loved her. “No mother.” I would reply “I don't want to do this.” “You have to call your grandmother to ask, Elsa, or we will all go hungry.” Faced with the prospect of a rumbling tummy, I had no choice but to gather my courage and pick up the phone. “Hello grandmother. It is me, Elsa. Are you cooking today?” “Yes I am.” I quickly nodded my head to show my mother that grandmother was cooking 

I took out a loan for £300 to go snowboarding when I was in my early twenties around 1998. Every few years or so I’d consolidate the loan for a deposit to rent a property, or to buy a car, or to clear a credit card. It was just a thing that I did. Then I lost a few jobs, spent a few months at a time on jobseekers allowance and ran up some enormous credit card bills due to late fees. So back to the bank we go and get a bigger loan time and time again. This continued late into my thirties, and cost me a serious relationship, as I was not deemed financially mature enough for her (amongst I imagine 

I Never Knew We were Poor Until.... I was so happy about going away overnight with the Sunday school class to Big Bear. I had never been camping before and we were going to sleep in a teepee. I was nine years old and excited about the camping trip. My dad helped me pack my bag (it really was a bag, a brown paper bag from the grocery store). I had my cheap Target store tennis shoes, a pair of pants, a sweat shirt, tooth brush, and all of the stuff. We were going to take a bus from the church across from Eagle Rock High School. Everyone was lined up and waiting outside. My dad pulled up and we go 

My memories of being poor are colored with many vignettes throughout my life. Each one tells a tale. My earliest memory of being poor was opening the refrigerator to make my lunch for school. As I peeked around the corner, my mother was drunk and passed out on the couch (we never called it a sofa). She was wearing a thin robe - and underneath, was nothing but her pasty white skin. At the age of 35, she was already a has-been. Lunch was the same every day, and the refrigerator held only three things: a half-gallon of milk, a half a loaf of white bread, and a half - full jar of Miracle Whip. Two Mir 

When I was 7… My parents got divorced and mum moved us into a (much smaller) house. By my 8th birthday, money was pretty tight.. all I got was a card with an IOU written in it (that I never claimed). Mum explained that we were now poor, and we couldn’t afford the things we were used to. I made a conscious decision to do what I could to help out. I stopped asking for presents, pocket money, or for fast food and movies with friends… I accepted that money was tight and made a lot of sacrifices for this reason. A few years went by like this before I was sent off to boarding school (high school). I wa 

My school. I studied in one of the most prestigious schools in our region. It was always a horror for me on school functions when civil dress was compulsory. I had only one tailored dress which I had to wear until I outgrew it. My tailored dress, compared to my friends’ dresses, was like a pajama. I never told my parents about this. I used to pity myself silently. Another incident was during a cousin’s wedding. I was in kindergarten. I remember getting very excited and I wore my one and only dress. It was a white dress with violet flower prints. One of the aunties told me to go and change into m 

I’ve got one for you on this subject! How about a being raised in a upper-middle class family and always being told, there is no money, we’re poor. My dad worked in a major auto factory and he was always getting up early at 5 am to work over time. He made a good wage in the 1970’s, and had a up-scale home built in the suburbs, plus he owned two other large multi-family income properties. My mother was a stay-at-home mom, and there were 3 kids in the family. She was constantly told to tighten the belt to save money for the kids college &amp; weddings. We lived a very simple life, no extras, no girl  

How did you realize you were poor?
What are some examples of countries which went rapidly from rich to poor?
Why do westerners adopt foreign children when there are so many homeless children back home?
There are several reasons why people adopt internationally. It is often easier to adopt internationally than to adopt domestically.In the U.S., the birth mother can change her mind as long as six months after the adoption.Most adoptions of newborns in the U.S. are “open”, meaning that you are effectively “adopting” a birth mother in addition to a baby.We have heard horror stories of domestic birth mothers promising the same baby to multiple families and/or demanding money from the adoptive parentsThere are fewer potential complications with international adoption.It is much harder to adopt a he

As a current foster parent, and having adopted foster kids in the past I’m going to post anonymously for several factors: The question is “Why do westerners adopt foreign children when there are so many homeless children back home” WARNING: COARSE LANGUAGE YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED and I don’t care if you are offended. This subject is a sore spot for me and many I know. First and foremost in the list of problems are the state agencies that run the system. Many of the lower level staff are people who are trying to make the best of an absolute shit sandwich. It is the staff at the upper levels who are po 

In Germany, adopting is extremely hard. You basically have to be a stable, long-term but not too old (no way over 40!) couple of double-well-earners but with enough time to stay at home with the kid and it would be best if you have a pedagogic education (… which would never make you a well-earner). Basically they are looking for a perfect, wealthy couple and you need to create a children’s room and keep it ready although it may take years, a decade even, to ever get a child. That means for all that time you have to pay the rent for a bigger flat with an extra room you never use but which will m 

This is a good question. We have adopted one child from China and are in the process of adopting a second one from China as well. Here are just a few thoughts on international adoption vs. US domestic adoption: My wife never wanted to deal with a baby’s family. Babies being just abandoned in the US is relatively rare. Most adoptions in the US involve termination of parental rights, which means the adoptions can take a long time for one, and for two, the child will likely know who their parents and other family is. I can’t imagine the emotional and psychological toll this must take on both the ki

In Australia the conditions for adoption are strict, waitinglists are long, and it is rare children are available for adoption. Once you are 37 years old you can no longer adopt. Many health conditions you cannot adopt. Obese… another strike. For instance once year in South Australia there were 7 children available for adoption…for the whole year. Yet there are so many children suffering at the hands of their biological parents. It burns me up inside. Some of this situation is a reaction to injustices done within my lifetime (I am in my fifties). Here there is what is known as “the stolen gener 

I adopted a child from the state of Missouri in the US. When I first was looking at adopting a child, I considered private US and foreign adoptions because when you do an internet search that is what comes up. Governments do not advertise the way other organizations do. I suspect this has to do with the funds being allocated to child programs rather than advertising. I found a lot of misconceptions in the other answers to this question, and I think it is these misconceptions that cause people to look outside of the local US foster and adoption programs. People think that babies are not available 

Like others have answered, adopting in the US is never guaranteed and you can wait years and years and then not have a child at the end. My husband and I met at 40, tried to get pregnant for a few years (and went through IVF which was unsucessful). By that time, I was 43 and my husband was 42. We knew the possibility of a birth mother choosing us was low and we really wanted a young child. The only way we absolutely KNEW we could adopt a child and not feel as if we would lose him or her was to adopt internationally. At that time, the waitlist for China was 18 months long. We were too old for se 

There are many great answers here, but I will just say as a Canadian, I waited a YEAR for just a PHONE CALL from the Canadian adoption council. When asking a staff member who worked for them for almost 2 decades why this was the case, his honest and genuine response was “The Canadian government doesn’t really care about these children”. They bounce around from foster home to foster home accumulating There are many reasons for this, mostly political. It’s complicated. After years, I never was able to successfully adopt a child despite meeting very high requirements. My story from Canada represen 

First off.. homeless doesn’t equal parentless. Even extremely (by western standards) poor people deserve to hold on to and parent their children. Remember too - that by world standards being poor in a developed (Industrialized, first world) nation is much easier, safer and still possible vs the alternative. Many developing nations have no safety net whatsoever if you are impoverished - you suffer and die. That includes the children. In the USA - children with parents who are neglectful, abusive (very often though NOT always impoverished) or in some other way unsuitable to parent are placed into 

I am an adoptive parent my son and daughter are in their 30’s now. My son was 16 months and my daughter 7 weeks old when they were placed with us. They were legally free at the time meaning the parents had voluntarily relinquished their rights. They had been first in foster care. The only way they would have been removed from us would have been if we did something unfit. What I want to be clear about are a few things. 1. The rules and laws of adoption are always changing, and can vary county by county. 2. No one creates babies so that people who want to adopt can. 3. Adoption is a privilege no 

Why don't homeless people just go stay with their families?
There are so many reasons why…I'm at risk of becoming homeless again and I can't stay with my family. There are times when my little brother and I were homeless in our twenties. Mom kicked us out because we were little sh*ts who didn't follow her expectations, i.e., not paying rent or doing enough chores around the house. It took some growing up before I realized she was right and I really had no one to blame but myself. She always took us back in eventually though. Fast forward to my early thirties, my tweenage daughter and I are living with mom again as are my younger brother and sister. At th 

Sadly the truth is that many homeless people, contrary to popular belief are not homeless for the fun of it. They are not all people who have alcohol or drugs problems nor “professional beggars”. The sad fact is that many 16–18 year olds are quite literally chucked out of their homes when they are 16 years and over by their parents who seem to think that their child is now old enough to look after themselves. These “parents” tend to be from the lower income brackets and not the sharpest knives in the drawer. Equally some homeless have been kicked out by over zealous landlords and have no where t 

One day, my mother kicked me out of home. Just like that. I had no clothes except what was on my back, all of my identification was in her house which she refused to give me and so I went to my boyfriend’s house (at the time). It was okay there, for a couple of days at least. And then his abuse intensified and he would kick out out of his home in the middle of the night because he seemed to enjoy seeing me cry. I called mum once. “Mum, please can I come home for the night. I will sleep in the backyard”. She said no and so I slept in a bush behind a cafe that night. That was my saddest night on  

Because they don’t want them. As 60-somethings, we see many retired folks that have their jobless 40-ish kids still living “at home” with them. They are just waiting to inherit the house! Unless it’s paid off, they will soon lose it, too. Some people do a “reverse mortgage” to prevent this from happening. Why should they live like church mice for the rest of their lives when they could take money out of the home and do very well for themselves until “it’s over”? Many people simply give up asking them to move out and get a job. They end up buying a smaller home (without a spare bedroom) in order t 

I was homeless as a teen. Not of my own choice at all; I wasn’t a runaway or anything. Far to the contrary. I’ll give you some back story: My mother doted on me right up until I slipped in a cast iron bath tub filled with baby oil (for my eczema) while my brother was supposed to be watching me (instead ignored me) when I was about 4 or so. My gums swelled over my teeth and jarred the adult teeth as well. She never took me to a dentist and only took me to the hospital because someone else was in the house and saw that I had no teeth. My mother hated me for having her painted in a bad light in an 

Ohhhh, where do I begin? Such a complicated and heartbreaking issue. When my kids were in high school, they would bring their friends home for a meal or overnight. I quickly realized how so many were one step away from homelessness. Drug addicted parents, single parent homes, kids doing their best to raise themselves with little or no help from their parent, parents who didn't give a damn about or where their kids were or any combination of the above. My boys have a friend who went to his mom's for summer visitation, went home at the end of summer, bag and baggage, to find his custodial father  

What homeless people are you speaking of.? The two answers I glanced gave descriptions of older 50yr olds that have drug problems or 60 yr olds trying to get rid of their 40 yr old kids????, Wich makes me think no one read the question or you need to be more specific. I WAS a 29–38 yr old homeless and hitchhiking with my boyfriend. Before that I lived wherever I could from 21–29. I tried living with my family(RELATIVES). Then we tried living with his and my family(RELATIVES) It doesn't work like you might think. Essentially homeless people are staying with their FAMILY I left my mother and fathe 

I let my oldest brother stay with me many times. I am the youngest of 3. My other brother has also let our brother stay with him. My oldest brother has mental illness. He always has had something wrong with him. But my parents coddled him and he feels superior over my other brother and I. He thinks having a decent home is a control issue. He always told me I have control issues. I do to a point but he is very insulting. His son and daughter have tried to let him stay with them as well. My parents are both gone now so he doesn't have them as a fall back anymore. No one coddles him. He is on disabi 

This is a really sad questions, with very sad answers. Mostly the homeless got kicked out of their home by their family. They are told “If you don’t like it , there’s the door.” for every fight. Homeless Teens , once they turn 18, are turned out mostly due to fighting with their folks, or siblings- For family violence or abuse. Many come from middle class homes and are not ready to leave. If you ask the parent where do they think the teen will go, they will reply , that it’s no longer their concern. WOW! You would think that parents would have a never-ending love for their children, and would n 

There are many factors that can cause this to happen; I will mention some: They come from abusive families: Family members who beat them, verbally abuse them, and so forth; It always amazes me when people who never experienced abuse acts like why don’t the ones being abused just leave: where would you go to? A shelter that is just as dangerous and has mistreatment associated with it? Perhaps they consider the security of being abused at home better than the alternative: being in an insecure housing that is made up of unstable people.They are estranged to their families: perhaps, they came from 

What is something someone who has never been poor wouldn’t understand?
How the real world works and appears from our perspective It's probably a late response but I wanted to pipe up because I have actually a very nice relationship despite everything I am going to say below. The one and only thing that confuses me the most and can drive me up the wall about my partner though is his lack of understand about the world and people around him! And yes, it is a big rant, I am aware. So interestingly, my partner is middle class and I… am most definitely not. He cannot understand when I can't afford, say, a festival or if I refuse to go to one if the line up isn't much wor 

How hard it is to succeed. I have been poor but now am somewhat of a success. I was ranked 10th in the USA marathon in 1996 with a 2:18:20 marathon at Grandmas Marthon. I am now a fairly successful Actuary and have a nice family. I’ve been married 31 years to my lovely smart pharmacist wife. But was raised by parents with mental health issues. And my dad struggled to keep even a poor paying job. Our family once lived off a 50 pound bag of oatmeal for a couple months. Went to bed hungry often. Naturally thin, I looked like a starving kid. My parents were even questioned by child welfare because I 

My mother always said there was some worse off than us, so I never felt 'poor’ fully. As long as I had a meal and a bed I was ok, even if it was a small meal made with incredibly cheap ingredients and going to bed with no electric in the house. I can sleep anywhere and I get by on little food. Anyway I'll try. Hand me downs You do not know the joy of your mother receiving clothes from kind work colleagues from their older teenage sons and having an entire wardrobe every now and again. Just imagine every now and again you were gifted bin bags full of clothes, and having to go through them deciding  

Having to hoof it. When I leave the house to drive somewhere, I’m always wearing shoes and clothes fit for the weather in case the car breaks down and I have to walk back home, because I’ve had to do that many times in my life. When you’re poor, if you can afford a car at all, it’s a beater. It’s something you bought used that has a lot of miles on it and hasn’t been properly maintained. There’s always a range of things that are wrong with it or that soon will be. Sometimes it starts. Sometimes it doesn’t. Sometimes the transmission slips. Sometimes it overheats. There’s something off in the el 

Having grown up in a very privelidged upper middle class family, I always thought I was entitled to certain things: rewards for good behavior, toys for my birthday, lots of gifts for Christmas. I think a lot of kids in my neighborhood grew up the same way, very materialistic and unquestionably entitled. After the 2008 recession, money got tighter but we were still comfortable. Only one of my parents needed to work to sustain the household. Then one day that parent got sick and couldn't go back to work. Because the circumstances of my parent's illness, both my parents could not go to work (one  

That money doesn’t make you happy but lack of money sure makes you unhappy. After I had decided military wasn’t for me and had my discharge, I went studying to another town. Now the Finnish military doesn’t have any veterans’ or reservists’ programs, it is ARMFYAOYO. So I had basically nothing else but meagre savings, admission to university, small student’s grant and uncertain future. Being poor isn’t bad in Scandinavia, providing you play by the rules. Poverty isn’t a sin but sure a god-awful shame, is an old Finnish proverb. The first thing was to find a roof over my head. Being homeless will 

When you are poor, you are grateful for everything you have. Even little things like a nourishing meal and a hot shower. You're having a great month when you can afford to eat everyday, pay all your utilities, rent, and have a few dollars to buy a new pair of work shoes.Sunday worship means being seen as an “equal” to others for an hour or so. Even if your suit is 5 years out of style, you'll be gracefully welcomed. You also appreciate the free coffee and scones in the lobby after services…The potluck evenings are how you're able to afford your car insurance.You're always tired, even on days o

Being poor would be much less mentality scarring if people didn't treat you like “the poor". Everything you do is exaggerated and seen in a bad light. People don't see you as a human, but as some alien or a foreign invader. You always stand out for the wrong reason. Some only pay attention to you when they're looking for someone to blame for a crime or they think you're there to work for them. The looks you get are rarely neutral. Fear, pity and disgust are the worst. Sometimes people look through you like you're an object, not a human being. Some get uncomfortable and refuse to look at you or in 

That how evil and how an useless waste is being poor. The people are conned that they can find enlightenment in poverty. But they can’t. Of course, the whole scam is began with Jesus and his friends, who said multiple times that being rich is blasphemy and you go to hell for that (if you stupid enough to believe in it). Because of this, the people see rich people as the enemies of the humanity and the whole planet. Ridiculous. The fuel to the fire is that the criminal governments (especially socialists and democrats) doing everything to rationalize the hatred towards rich people, using everything t 

My first brush with absolute poverty came when I shared a beer with a transgender who begged on the streets. Earlier, she'd worked as a prostitute near the Kalighat brothels in Kolkata. That night, we spent many many hours together. I was invited by a mutual acquaintance who'd introduced her to me as Didi. Believe it or not, that night I didn't pay. Didi wouldn't let me. She was fascinated with me, with us, with everyone around her.  That night — Didi bought a total of six beers for everyone who was stationed inside that one room at the slum we were at. Everyone loved her, adored her, respected her. It' 

What is cheap when you're poor and expensive when you're rich?
When you are poor, compassion is cheap. When you are rich, compassion is expensive. We are not rich by western standards, but we have food every day, 2 cars, we each have our own bedroom in our family and my kids go to decent schools, not the top private schools and not the worst government schools but somewhere in between. We don't have enough money to eat out and for holidays we go camping not skiing. We are not considered rich and we are not considered poor by most people. A guy who regularly does house painting for us, Michael, messaged my wife, he hasn't had any work for a few weeks, and sud 

When you’re poor: time is nearly worthless When you’re rich: time is expensive and worth money Many poor people tend to kill time rather than using their free time to invest in themselves which will allow them to grow wealthier. Poor people see time as not relating to money usually, and time can’t be traded for money. Poor people see their free time just to “kill.” Wealthy people make beneficial use for their future out of the free time they have. They view time as money essentially. It is completely fine to have some fun and to kill time, but it is important to use time management where you also 

Taxes. At least, in theory, taxes. Adam Smith wrote in the Wealth of Nations: “The subjects of every state ought to contribute towards the support of the government, as nearly as possible, in proportion to their respective abilities; that is, in proportion to the revenue which they respectively enjoy under the protection of the state.” Also: "It is not very unreasonable that the rich should contribute to the public expense, not only in proportion to their revenue, but something more than in that proportion", because a tax on "the luxuries and vanities of life [which] occasion the principal expens 

 Should Conor McGregor do his own chores? The man in the picture earned north of $30,000,000 in 2019 alone. Conor McGregor is one of the world’s biggest sports superstars. If he washes his clothes by himself, spending 1 hour of his time, he will save $20 on hiring a housekeeper. “LOL. WHY WOULD HE DO THAT! JUST PAY SOMEONE ELSE.” —you will say and you will be right. But wait… in one scenario, he will spend $20 and, in another scenario, he will spend $0. Why will anyone choose the former?! The reason is that we ignored the opportunity cost. In other words, we only looked at the money aspect of things 

Gotta go back to something as simple as … a dish of Ramen. When I was starting out - college, first job, second job… third job and a half…Ramen noodles alone went from $.10 a pack to $.33 cents a pack. MSG and high sodium be darned! (Hey, I’m still living!) Along with cup a soups and others, Ramen was my go to as well because I could add to it when I had a few more cents to make quite a good dish. Many a night I had Ramen and cut up hot dogs, hard boiled eggs, veggies, cooked it in turkey broth, chicken broth, etc. (Not all at once, btw…only could afford one ingredient or one broth to go in it) 

Education When you are poor, you are bound to go to public school for free. If you are very lucky, you may get to go to a private school on scholarship. Additionally, you should get a substantial scholarship towards university. Even with scholarships like the Pell Grant, If you don’t work through college, you’re still highly likely to end up in pretty significant debt, BUT the nominal amount you and your family pay will be dramatically lower then more well off families (that being said, it is worth pointing out that student from a truly wealthy family will have their tuition paid for by their f 

 From 6 a.m., the couple is the picture, without fail, I would see daily, they are there from sunrise to sunset and would pack up and leave before the municipality's officer passes by this spot to make sure that they are gone as these parts of Bangkok are homes for the rich and famous. How much is it worth to own Premier League football team Leicester City? On paper, Leicester City F.C. worths US$ 5.9 billion.How much do you think the OWNER of this Football Club is worth? It is beyond you and me to guess that not only the football club but also the founder, owner, and chairman of "King Power Dut

Just TIME (opportunity cost)  Poor = You can try out different fields &amp; stuff to find your passion, OR Can spend time to get good at a new profession (as apprentice) even if you are a middle aged person. Being apprentice in some thing fascinates you. For time spend on such stuff is sunk cost (never yield return if you don’t stick to a profession until gain mastery) but worth giving try as will turn you into a professional. Many of us finds in their middle age about the stuff we were born for and the talent enclosed in our genetic code, but by then most of us has a white collar job and a career to  

Joy. When you are poor, there are so many opportunities for a delicious little moment in life. Winning a $20 gift card, getting a free coffee at Starbucks, getting a $0.50/hour raise after only working at a job for a month. Those are all cause for a luminous bit of joy, hope that life is not so endlessly bleak after all. But when you are rich, those same moments either mean so little or have already been dulled in time. To someone worth multiple millions, $20 is not going to make any difference in his day, not even $200 or $2,000. Indeed, it may take winning a $20K or $200K prize to bring even a 

Entertainment. When I was poor, I had to entertain myself for virtually no money. Take the kids to the park: free. Attend a free concert: free. Watch the sunset: free. Sitting on the shore watching ships sail by: free. But that’s never good enough when you have money. The kids “need” to go to Disney. Movie theater instead of borrowing a dvd from the library. Tickets to the a touring music show instead of whoever is playing free in the park this weekend. 18 holes of golf instead of driving balls in the park. Taking the kids to the beach or the mountains on spring break instead of them sitting on  

Why do people judge low income families for wanting more children?
They do not judge low-income families for wanting more children if they are willing and able to provide for them. They are unhappy when low-income families have more children when they cannot afford to care for the ones that they already have. I am from the United Kingdom, and here we have a slightly more generous welfare state than other parts of the world. Prior to 2017, you could claim child benefits, child tax credits, as well as get reductions on council tax and housing benefits. This was worked out per child, and the more children you had often the more money that you were able to claim.  

I can’t speak for others but I can talk about my country, Serbia, and why I judge those people here. I will not talk about the omnipresent Gypsies, who do not even try to find work and just beg and force their small kids to beg on the streets as well. I judge other people because those kids will not have the basic things every kid should have. They will live miserable, hungry lives. It’s not my business, but I will never understand such people. But I won’t even talk about them, either. I will share with you an example of stupidity of such magnitude I can’t even pity those people. Many years ago, I 

Why do people judge low income families for wanting more children? Because they’re dumb. Err… the judgementalists, not the low-income families. FIRST REASON: Being alive is better than the alternative. So you have a baby you can’t afford, and that’s bad right? Well, no. Not when the alternative is not having a baby. A kid who lives in poverty is still happier than a kid who doesn’t live at all. Even the poorest child is happy to be alive. You can tell by the way they don’t throw themselves off a bridge. So telling the poor not to have kids is stupid. Not because it won’t work, not because it’s imm 

PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE READ IF YOU JUDGE THESE FAMILIES! OK, this is the account I use at work and I have never answered any questions here, but the things I’ve read. Jesus. You all need to think about it a little more. Oh, before I start, I must say I haven’t read all the answers, but the first ones got me so nervous that I just skipped to writing my own. Well, I believe all of those here that judge low income people for having more children obviously are worried about said families’ kids and have good intentions. But what they don’t consider is: Just an addendum before we start: PLEASE don’t say  

A lot of people have answered that wanting more children with low income is irresponsible. However, this neglects a very basic reality of the world: people do not have equal opportunity. And generally opportunity favours the wealthy. In country after country, whether rich or poor - and indeed the trend is the same dealing with average differences between fertility rates in different countries depending upon the nation’s GDP per capita - the lower a family’s income is, the more children they have. And the reason is equally starkly simple: more children is a way of hedging your bets economically  

There's a family living in our house. I'm close with them. They feel like family. This family consists of a husband, a wife, their kid, wife's little sister and wife's little brothers. All of them earn. Husband earns Rs. 1,000 per day - making upto Rs. 30,000 per month. Wife earns around Rs. 10,000 per month. Wife's little sister earns around Rs. 8,000 per month. And wife's (two) little brothers earn around Rs. 15,000 monthly each. (They don't have the system of "my" money. If anyone has it, they use that - whatever the occassion may be.) They pay Rs. 9,000 for rent. The daughter's fees is around Rs. 2, 

It’s irresponsible. One of my high school friend’s sisters, who is in her mid 20s, recently had a baby. We’re Facebook friends, and she posts a lot every day. That’s how I know so much about her, like the fact that she’s broke and the baby’s unemployed father was out of the picture almost as soon as he got her pregnant, but the baby was not an accident. She’d been posting about wanting a baby for a while, even though she wasn’t in a stable relationship and only worked part-time as a cashier. It’s not my place to judge her for any of that. But what I do judge her for is how quick she was to post a 

A friend came from a family of 7 siblings. Out of 7, only her and one of her brothers are considered successful. The rest go in and out of life like it's not theirs. They're just here counting down the days. Her parents were poor while growing up. Dad worked as security guard and mom was disabled. My friend basically raised her two younger siblings. Her two sisters both got married at a very young age (one at 19 and the other at 22) because they were looking for an escape from the poverty they'd been living with all their lives. Sad thing is, they're married to guys who don't really care for them 

In my experience low income families are judged negatively for wanting or having more kids for a few key reasons: Some judge because they think they and people like them are better than poor people and families. They think they and people like them are smarter, more responsible, and more capable of raising children. Therefore poor people are less deserving of having children or having reproductive choice.Some judge because they think that these families are somehow impacting them by taking money or resources away from them. Their tax money is going to support these poor people therefore they ha

It’s simple. It is unfair and irresponsible. As a person who can have children, you’re allowed to do what you want with your body. However, if you make a conscious decision, with access to free contraceptives or abortions, and you bring a child into the world you can’t take care of: why is it other’s responsibility? Why does the child have to suffer? Some may say that people may be against abortion, which is fair and you have a choice. But most people use contraception without issue. If you’re actively trying to have children when you can’t afford to give them food and keep them warm and safe….I 

What was a meal you loved as a kid but now that you’re an adult you realize your parents only made because you were poor?
There were 5 kids in my family. In the summer we would go blackberry and strawberry picking along the sides of the road or in the open areas of the woods. My mom would can these so we could have then all year long. We would catch crayfish in the creeks. And my brother would kill rabbits, pheasants, and turkeys. We lived in the country and there were fields and woods everywhere. We could also go fishing in a narrow area of a river. I would beat the water with a stick, and my brother and sister would use a net to scoop up the fish. We planted a garden and grew all sorts of vegetables. And we cou 

It's amazing to me how many answers this question is getting - I didn't realize until very recently, when I was having dinner with my parents again, that I had grown up on poverty food. The specific dish I remember is rendang, a Malay curry dish that's traditionally made with all the organs of a water buffalo: lung, heart, liver, so on; stewed in a spicy brown curry. I have fond memories of the smell of this curry permeating through the entire house as my mommy would stew the cubed meat for an entire day, as was traditional, and sitting at the dinner table to gnaw at the often-gristly, always de 

Even as relatively recently as the 80s/ early 90s in Ireland there wasnt the predominance of cheap, unhealthy frozen type foods that there is nowadays. “Poor” food usually just entailed cheaper cuts of meat and various offal meats. I can remember having quite a lot of variants of brown stew made with beef shin, collar , chuck or often with mutton neck. Boiled bacon/bacon ribs with potatoes and cabbage. We lived with our grandparents, in varying stages there were 14–16 of us across 3 generations in the little 2 up, 2 down terrace. My grandfather having been a boner/carver in a meat processing pla 

My mom used to make what she called “funny supper”. She was a single mom (widowed), living on a limited income, and we were six children. My oldest brother was 15 years old when the youngest was born. My mom got a cheque at the beginning of the month, that had to pay rent, bills, bus fare and buy food for all of us till the end of the month. She would buy food items on sale at the beginning of the month, that could keep till the end of the month. Things like pasta, rice, frozen french fries and frozen vegetables, and other canned and boxed food items. (Edited to add: a few people commented these  

I’m going to tell you a story I’d heard from my late Dad. When I was a child, he never told me about his childhood anything except short fun anecdotes. But I remember one time he burst in anger after my mother offered him porridge for lunch. ‘I was fed up with it in my childhood’ he said angrily. Years later, he told me the story. It was early summer of 1946 in a small village in Eastern Ukraine. Great War just ended. My grandfather had been conscripted to the Red Army in 1940, in military actions from 1941 to 1945, at the time he still served in so-called ‘Labor Army’ (Soviet government used sol 

Coddle!  Sometimes known as “Dublin Coddle”. It's a stew made of boiled rashers (bacon), sausages, potatoes, carrots, seasoning and herbs. Where I'm from (yes Dublin) it's known as a traditionally working class, local dish. It was also a handy way to use up leftovers, particularly meat before Friday, a day which in a traditionally Catholic country meant no meat should be consumed. Now every family makes it their own way, and we had a very particular family variation of coddle, handed down from my grandmother. This entailed the rashers being wrapped around the sausages in order to disguise their ap 

We were certainly never in poverty and my parents definitely aren’t poor now, but it’s due to my dad working his ass off and my mom working the household savings to move up the socio-economic ladder. I remember a few “family meetings” called to the kitchen table when I was younger. These type of memories are just brief snapshots; retained due to the emotional impression they made. There are many pleasant memories, but also a few where my mom would tell us - while my dad sat at the head of the table silently - that we needed to help them save money. Only eating at home, no “Friday night movie nig 

I never realized we were tight for money. I had all the barbies I could dream of for Christmas and my birthday, and my father often travelled for work during the summers, turning it into a magical summer vacation — we never realized that we stayed in the cheapest motels and ate off of the dollar menu. Not until we were older. But in youth and blissful ignorance, we enjoyed freezer, instant, and semi-homemade foods. As a result of two working parents and a mother who disliked cooking even when she did have time, we ate meals that were easy for her to prepare, we could help prepare, or prepare ours 

I am a baby boomer i.e. I was born shortly after the Second World war. Most of the dishes listed on here seem very exotic to me. This is partly because some foods were still on ration in the UK when I was tiny, and partly because the adults in the house had lived through the war and knew what genuine hunger was. Old habits die hard and so our food changed very little in later years. Thrift ruled throughout. We were not really poor but money was stretched to make it go as far as possible e.g.we never had eggy toast because that would have required lighting the gas to cook the egg once the toast 

Poverty will be an exaggeration to define our situation back then. We were just simple middle-class family living in Kolkata. So once I saw a kid eating the Ferrero Rocher chocolate in front of me. I was eight or nine back then. As far as I remember we had been to Victoria Memorial in Kolkata. I was just staring at the kiddo (like other kiddos do when they see something fascinating!). He was delicately holding the chocolate, then after much thought and internal conflicts, he opened it slowly, the golden wrapper making a soft crunching sound only raising my heartbeat and tickling my salivary gla 

Which is worse, to live in urban poverty or rural poverty?
How have the cryptocurrencies that Marius Kramer picked performed this year?
Are there any low-risk cryptocurrencies?
What are the most accepted cryptocurrencies?
Where can I invest into cryptocurrency with good returns?
Which cryptocurrency do you think will be dead within 12 months?
What's your prediction for Ethereum Cryptocurrency for 2021?
Why are there so many cryptocurrencies instead of one cryptocurrency?
As Bitcoin—and all the more explicitly, blockchain innovation—substantiated itself as a safe and dependable method of moving resources, different engineers began to add their own understandings to how it very well may be utilized. 2011 saw the appearance of Litecoin and Namecoin. In fact, Litecoin is fundamentally the same as Bitcoin, yet the designer Charlie Lee rolled out certain improvements that he viewed as upgrades: a more limited square age time, a higher all outnumber of coins, and an alternate hashing calculation. Namecoin is likewise like Bitcoin, with 21 million coins and a similar ev 

Essentially because they’re relatively straightforward to make, and an ICO seems like a fast way to make money. In principle at least, all the difficulties around creating a cryptocurrency that’s technically and functionally comparable to Bitcoin were worked out in 2009. It’s not tricky for a skilled software architect to essentially recreate Bitcoin with a different initial ledger, possibly a different set of particular choices like hash function or block size, and let it loose onto the world. Said architect would then be in a position to exchange their cryptocurrency with speculators in a more 

Because crypto currencies are based on new technology - blockchain. Blockchain can do quite a bit, because we humans do so much with transferring fast, secure information. Because blockchain let's us add on so many features to existing technology, and maybe even invent some new ones, no single project can capture all of Blockchains potential. In other words, every cryptocurrency is trying to use blockchain technology to do something specific and profitable. Some may tackling gaming, some item tracking, others bank payments and so forth. But the idea that one project, one crypto, would do it al 

I would like to draw an analogy here. Think of startups. Previously in India,you had so many e-commerce platforms.Every platform tries its best to provide goods and services and hence struggles to survive in this highly competitive market. After some time,it is the best platform which sustains and make it to the top.Others are either acquired by these behemoths or they loose their existence. Similar is the case with cryptocurrency. Every ico that you see now is trying to make a place for itself. Each coin is backed by some technology that its creator feel is promising and will be the future. So they 

Because there are many different ideas to be explored, and they are often incompatible with each other. For example, Bitcoin tries to limit the computation that can be performed by smart contracts to make the processing effort more predictable, while Ethereum tries to give you the ability to write any program you want[1]. You can’t have both at the same time, so there need to be two different blockchains. Even if there aren’t fundamental incompatibilities, a community can be split on whether something is a good idea. And the spirit of open source is “do, don’t argue” - just let natural selection e 

Because the market is poorly named and a great many of these are not "currencies" in the sense that Bitcoin is a "currency" to be spent. They are innovative methods of using the blockchain to track and store data on a distributed ledger, or using tech similar, but different from blockchain to facilitate data transfer between people or systems. IOTA, for example, uses a system they call "Tangle" to facilitate data transfer and communication between devices within the "Internet of Things", which are technically connected, but like a bunch of people from different nations, have difficulty fluently 

A few reasons: There are flaws in existing ones that the new ones try to fix.New ways to do the same thing:IOTA’s DAG v.s. bitcoin’s linear blockchainproof of stake (NEO, DASH, etc) v.s. proof of work (bitcoin, litecoin, hundreds more) v.s. delegated proof of stake (EOS)Extension of existing ideas:ethereum’s semi-Turing-complete contracts v.s. bitcoin’s deliberately non-Turing-complete ones,EOS’s WebAssembly (supported by Javascript, C++, Rust, etc) v.s. ethereum’s custom virtual machine with its custom languagesGreed: The big one. Starting a new cryptocurrency was a quicker way to riches than 

With usual currency the Bank can recall old currency and reintroduce new one without changing the valuation of the currency. While the new currency is in circulation , old currency still exists for some time in the market. Now can we do it for crypto-currency ? I.e. can we replace existing currency with a new one without effecting the market Dynamics ? A cryptocurrency fundamentally rely on block chain architecture , consensus protocol and miner integration with the system . Block chain rely on a genesis block to start the chain and keep on appending all verified transactions into the ledger. A  

Cryptocurrencies are a trend for the moment. A lot of the coins you see are bump and dump. They were created with the intention on luring people into investing on the coin, whilst the creator has generated quite a lot of it for himself/herself. After some time, the creator would sell off his chunk and crash the coin. Causing people to lose their money. Though, there are some coins that are developed by people who are passionate about cryptocurrencies. As of 28th of December 2017 Coinmarketcap is listing 1376 different coins. Some are alts of existing coins, such as Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash. But 

I think that there are so many cryptocurrencies because there are many different ways to approach the blockchain technology and all of the features that it offers. Blockchain is definitely going to revolutionaries the way that conduct transactions but just like any other system, there are many compromises that need to be made in order to gain other benefits. In the case of cryptocurrencies these can be things such as speed, privacy, liquidity, ease of use among many others. Since we have not fully embraced the technology and figured out what works best for us, people are experimenting with dif 

Should I leave my money in Bitcoin?
What should we know about short-term cryptocurrency investment in 2021?
What is cryptocurrency, and is it a safe investment?
 Cryptocurrencies are decentralized digital assets that have taken the world by storm. However, as financial instruments, they are poorly understood and the general lack of awareness has prevented their mainstream adoption. We assess if cryptocurrencies are truly a shortcut to becoming rich and worthwhile investment options. We delve into the finer nuances of how cryptocurrencies function and the opportunity that they present for investors. Here are some of the top pros and cons of cryptocurrencies: 1) Socio-economic transformation: Cryptocurrencies, in essence, can safeguard against the devaluat 

This question has 2 sides, it is safe &amp; it is not safe. If you do a quick google search of “Cryptocurrency Scams”, you’ll see the following results:  Now, what are all these about? This does show us that cryptocurrency scams actually exist but how can you avoid getting scammed &amp; safely invest your money? It’s quite simple.Cryptocurrency scams exist in different areas which we will discuss below. Using ICO’s to raise fundingAs Tom Allen from V3 stated: Cryptocurrencies are everywhere: more than 20 companies have been launched in the last two months using the same blockchain technology on which Bitcoin 

In 2020, cryptocurrencies don’t need an introduction. Nevertheless, if you’ve somehow managed to live under a rock all this while, here’s a primer. Cryptocurrencies are a form of virtual currency made for the internet. The word cryptocurrency is an amalgamation of cryptography and currency - clearly indicating a currency that is secured and operated on the principles of cryptography, and the encryption we enforce in our digital networks. In a more defined sense, cryptocurrency is a type of currency that can be bought with physical money and later retrieved according to the value of the currenc 

Cryptocurrency is a digital payment system that doesn't rely on banks to verify transactions. It's a peer-to-peer system that can enable anyone anywhere to send and receive payments. Instead of being physical money that is carried around and exchanged in the real world, cryptocurrency payments exist purely as digital entries to an online database that describes specific transactions. When you transfer cryptocurrency funds, the transactions are recorded in a public ledger. You store your cryptocurrency in a digital wallet. Cryptocurrency got its name because it uses encryption to verify transact 

Cryptocurrencies can be very risky investments, however they are the future of money and therefore worth learning how to invest in and manage correctly. Here are some rules of thumb when it comes to investing in cryptocurrencies. Never EVER invest in a crypto because of hype!Never invest because someone else is or is saying you shouldYou know those sexy greens? Yes there are some every day. 20%,80%, even 200% in one day. NEVER BUY ON A BIG BOOM. Be patient, do your research and if the project is actually good, buy once its back down.Always mesaure certain circumstances, analyze etc. Numbers don’

Have you ever traveled to a different country? One of the first things you probably did was visit a bank and exchange your money for the local currency. A Benjamin can buy you a nice dinner in the States, but if you want to enjoy fine dining in Italy, then you’ll need some euros! Investing in cryptocurrency is similar to exchanging your money in a new country. Bitcoin, Litecoin, and Ether are a few examples of “foreign currencies” that work in a very specific context within certain online communities. Exchanging any type of currency is built upon shared trust. We value dollars and Euros because  

Investopedia defines cryptocurrency as - "a digital or virtual currency that uses cryptography for security." Let‘s have a look at the mechanism ruling the databases of cryptocurrencies. A cryptocurrency like Bitcoin consists of a network of peers. Every peer has a record of the complete history of all transactions and thus of the balance of every account. A transaction is a file that says, “Bob gives X Bitcoin to Alice“ and is signed by Bob‘s private key. It‘s basic public key cryptography, nothing special at all. After signed, a transaction is broadcasted in the network, sent from one peer to 

A bitcoin craze has certainly been going on in the economy! With the value of the Cryptocurrency reaching to $20,000 in December last year, an all-time high, it has garnered the attention of people from all over the world. Though the value of bitcoin has dropped down to somewhere around $9000, everyone still wants a piece it. The growing craze has led to the intervention of government authorities that want to regulate and tax it. But it isn’t all, one of the major concerning factors here is hacking and stealing of bitcoins. Just like any other industry, cryptocurrencies like bitcoin is also susc 

Cryptocurrency is one of the favorite niche going these days in everybody’s mind because there is a solid fact behind it that it is shining, huge and renders out help in order to gain profitable amount. It is sure that trading in it would lead to the bright upcoming future but patience is the key of success. You need to be very calm and composed if you really want positive results. The digital currency have several advantages such as quite safe, anonymous and utterly decentralized. Following are the factors behind it that virtual currency is going to be our upcoming future:- DIGITIZED REVOLUTION

 Cryptographic forms of money are decentralized computerized resources that have overwhelmed the world. Be that as it may, as monetary instruments, they are inadequately perceived and the overall absence of mindfulness has forestalled their standard appropriation. We survey if digital forms of money are genuinely an alternate way to turning out to be rich and advantageous speculation alternatives. We dive into the better subtleties of how digital forms of money work and the chance that they present for financial backers. Here are a portion of the top advantages and disadvantages of digital curre 

How have the cryptocurrencies that Marius Kramer picked performed this year?
Are there any low-risk cryptocurrencies?
Where can I invest into cryptocurrency with good returns?
What should we know about short-term cryptocurrency investment in 2021?
What will be the top 5 cryptocurrencies by 2021?
Is it worth it to invest in cryptocurrencies?
 Short answer: Yes. LONG answer to explain why: “In 2017, the total market capitalisation of the cryptocurrency industry grew 3300%, from $18 billion to $610 billion USD.” As a frame of comparison, the S&amp;P 500 index only increased by 26% in the same period. But additionally, the cryptocurrency market multiplied its daily transaction volume by 20,500%, growing from $162 million to over $50 billion by December 31st. To contextualise the significance of this liquidity, in only 12 months this brought the daily transaction volume of the embryonic asset class to similar levels of average daily trading vo 

There’s enough material out there to tell you why you should be investing in cryptocurrencies, so here are some of the biggest reasons why you shouldn’t. 1. You have high-interest debt “Once my crypto portfolio moons, the first thing I’ll do is pay off my student loans and credit card debt. — Anon Trader #385 If you have credit card debt or any debt with high interest rates, do not purchase cryptocurrency until you’ve paid it off. The same applies if you’re borrowing money to purchase cryptocurrency. Cryptocurrencies are extremely volatile. They are not going to dig you out of debt and liberate yo 

The purpose of any investment is to grow funds and ensure future cash flow. With that in mind, the best investments are often the ones that offer the highest ROIs. However, high ROIs do come with higher risks (conversely, low ROI investments promise lower risks). With a myriad of financial products in the market that have been around for ages, the question now arises – why should you invest in cryptocurrency, instead of these products? Price drops and rises are not exclusive to cryptocurrency During the week of 19th– 26th November, Bitcoin prices took a dive. This had the investment market buzzi 

As bitcoin prices dominate headlines, you might be wondering whether you should invest in the popular cryptocurrency. Probably not: It's just too volatile. The virtual currency is known for wild fluctuations in price. The value of one bitcoin—which was created in 2008 by an anonymous programmer or group of programmers—reached its all-time high of $1,165.89 in November 2013 before taking a major dive, according to CoinDesk data. Since then, prices have more or less inched up, and at the turn of the year, they started to approach record highs. On Thursday, the value of a bitcoin reached $1,153.02. 

I believe that investing in emerging markets is one of the quickest ways to accumulate wealth. If you only risk capital that you can afford to lose then the risk to reward ratio is highly in your favour. Here are the 5 most common objections you will hear when speaking about investing in cryptocurrencies: Objection No.1 – Bitcoin Is In A Bubble Probably the most common objection to investing in cryptocurrencies is that they are in a bubble which is primed to burst. I’m not going to argue that they aren’t in a bubble, they certainly are. Financial bubbles are a result of asset classes being tremen 

As with any new technology, you will see a lot of evangelists and “hype”. I think the underlying blockchain technology is here to stay, and will gradually lead to significant innovations in a number of areas in the financial sector and beyond. The challenge for any investor or speculator is doing the homework necessary to find the right coins/companies in the field, and accepting the risk of that guess. Back in the late 70s and early 80s at the dawn of the personal computer era, you could have bought into Apple - or into RadioShack, Altair, Cromemco, etc. For every Apple or Microsoft there were 

There's little doubt that digital currencies have been among the most newsworthy areas of investment in the past two years. Spurred on by the incredible (and potentially manipulated) growth of bitcoin (BTC), the field of cryptocurrencies has only continued to expand. Before i continue, let me introduce you to a platform i discovered where you can sell your Bitcoin and other top Cryptocurrencies at the exact rate in dollars any where in the world. The website is IBUYCRYPTO (www.ibuycrypto.store). It is safe and secure. The interesting part of it is that, you don’t have to drop your vital informa 

A lot of smug people made a lot of money buying Bitcoin. At its peak, at the end of 2017, Bitcoin's price went from nearly $3000 to over $14,000 within the space of a few short months. This marked one of the most remarkable investment stories of our time Bitcoin was seen as the answer to many problems such as removing the Central Banks as intermediaries, adding anonymity to transactions and enacting cross-global transactions at the blink of an eye, with minimal charges. Blockchain, the platform the cryptos operate on was seen as the new internet. Is that still the case? Bitcoin and cryptos now No 

There’s a good chance that you shouldn’t. But….. Buyers remorse. The big reason that people are interested in crypto is that they’ve seen people that made millions of dollars, and everyone is thinking to themselves “gee, I could have bought a ton of bitcoin when it was 0.5”. One reason to put a small amount of money into crypto is so you feel better. If you put USD 5k into an ICO, and then it falls apart, you lose USD 5k. If it becomes multi-million you end up kicking yourself, so a lot of the interest in crypto happens to be to avoid the feeling of missing the boat.It’s new technology. If you 

I guess there’s a couple of things at play here which triggered interest in me. is it worth it in terms of the returns? I imagine what you are asking is about risk and the current drop in the market.Is it worth the effort? In this I’m presuming you mean the research required and the new exchanges or platforms you need to get used to.Some context: I’m a novice but learning everyday and there are some incredible people on here who’ve been a great help in me knowing more. I’m incredibly passionate so much so that I’ve launched a clothing brand about crypto too!! More on that in then footed. To answ 

With Bitcoin’s price seemingly breaking away from the altcoin market and Ethereum 2.0 coming soon, is it a good idea to invest in Ethereum before the end of 2020?
What's your prediction for Ethereum Cryptocurrency for 2021?
Why are there so many cryptocurrencies instead of one cryptocurrency?
As Bitcoin—and all the more explicitly, blockchain innovation—substantiated itself as a safe and dependable method of moving resources, different engineers began to add their own understandings to how it very well may be utilized. 2011 saw the appearance of Litecoin and Namecoin. In fact, Litecoin is fundamentally the same as Bitcoin, yet the designer Charlie Lee rolled out certain improvements that he viewed as upgrades: a more limited square age time, a higher all outnumber of coins, and an alternate hashing calculation. Namecoin is likewise like Bitcoin, with 21 million coins and a similar ev 

Essentially because they’re relatively straightforward to make, and an ICO seems like a fast way to make money. In principle at least, all the difficulties around creating a cryptocurrency that’s technically and functionally comparable to Bitcoin were worked out in 2009. It’s not tricky for a skilled software architect to essentially recreate Bitcoin with a different initial ledger, possibly a different set of particular choices like hash function or block size, and let it loose onto the world. Said architect would then be in a position to exchange their cryptocurrency with speculators in a more 

Because crypto currencies are based on new technology - blockchain. Blockchain can do quite a bit, because we humans do so much with transferring fast, secure information. Because blockchain let's us add on so many features to existing technology, and maybe even invent some new ones, no single project can capture all of Blockchains potential. In other words, every cryptocurrency is trying to use blockchain technology to do something specific and profitable. Some may tackling gaming, some item tracking, others bank payments and so forth. But the idea that one project, one crypto, would do it al 

I would like to draw an analogy here. Think of startups. Previously in India,you had so many e-commerce platforms.Every platform tries its best to provide goods and services and hence struggles to survive in this highly competitive market. After some time,it is the best platform which sustains and make it to the top.Others are either acquired by these behemoths or they loose their existence. Similar is the case with cryptocurrency. Every ico that you see now is trying to make a place for itself. Each coin is backed by some technology that its creator feel is promising and will be the future. So they 

Because there are many different ideas to be explored, and they are often incompatible with each other. For example, Bitcoin tries to limit the computation that can be performed by smart contracts to make the processing effort more predictable, while Ethereum tries to give you the ability to write any program you want[1]. You can’t have both at the same time, so there need to be two different blockchains. Even if there aren’t fundamental incompatibilities, a community can be split on whether something is a good idea. And the spirit of open source is “do, don’t argue” - just let natural selection e 

Because the market is poorly named and a great many of these are not "currencies" in the sense that Bitcoin is a "currency" to be spent. They are innovative methods of using the blockchain to track and store data on a distributed ledger, or using tech similar, but different from blockchain to facilitate data transfer between people or systems. IOTA, for example, uses a system they call "Tangle" to facilitate data transfer and communication between devices within the "Internet of Things", which are technically connected, but like a bunch of people from different nations, have difficulty fluently 

A few reasons: There are flaws in existing ones that the new ones try to fix.New ways to do the same thing:IOTA’s DAG v.s. bitcoin’s linear blockchainproof of stake (NEO, DASH, etc) v.s. proof of work (bitcoin, litecoin, hundreds more) v.s. delegated proof of stake (EOS)Extension of existing ideas:ethereum’s semi-Turing-complete contracts v.s. bitcoin’s deliberately non-Turing-complete ones,EOS’s WebAssembly (supported by Javascript, C++, Rust, etc) v.s. ethereum’s custom virtual machine with its custom languagesGreed: The big one. Starting a new cryptocurrency was a quicker way to riches than 

With usual currency the Bank can recall old currency and reintroduce new one without changing the valuation of the currency. While the new currency is in circulation , old currency still exists for some time in the market. Now can we do it for crypto-currency ? I.e. can we replace existing currency with a new one without effecting the market Dynamics ? A cryptocurrency fundamentally rely on block chain architecture , consensus protocol and miner integration with the system . Block chain rely on a genesis block to start the chain and keep on appending all verified transactions into the ledger. A  

Cryptocurrencies are a trend for the moment. A lot of the coins you see are bump and dump. They were created with the intention on luring people into investing on the coin, whilst the creator has generated quite a lot of it for himself/herself. After some time, the creator would sell off his chunk and crash the coin. Causing people to lose their money. Though, there are some coins that are developed by people who are passionate about cryptocurrencies. As of 28th of December 2017 Coinmarketcap is listing 1376 different coins. Some are alts of existing coins, such as Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash. But 

I think that there are so many cryptocurrencies because there are many different ways to approach the blockchain technology and all of the features that it offers. Blockchain is definitely going to revolutionaries the way that conduct transactions but just like any other system, there are many compromises that need to be made in order to gain other benefits. In the case of cryptocurrencies these can be things such as speed, privacy, liquidity, ease of use among many others. Since we have not fully embraced the technology and figured out what works best for us, people are experimenting with dif 

Which cryptocurrency do you think will be dead within 12 months?
Should I leave my money in Bitcoin?
Is now a good time to buy Bitcoin in September 2020? How will Bitcoin do for the rest of 2020?
 Yes, I’ve been saying since May 2020 when Bitcoin had climbed to $10,000 that’s it’s not a good time to buy Bitcoin, because of high fees and market insecurities unless proven otherwise. Now, 4 months later Bitcoin is still at $10,000, however, now it is a good time to buy Bitcoin. Why? For two reasons. 1. Scalability bottleneck is a problem, but has proven to leave enough room to reach $15,000 Over the last couple of months, the market has shown that a 35% increase from $9,000 to $12,500 within 30 days like in August, does not increase fees past $6. This is sufficient proof to ensure market safet 

There never is a good time to buy bit coin. There never was. Two important points. One, who is shatoshi??, no one knows. Knowing how the greedy big banks are, i can not see them letting go of the worlds cureency. Nor the control over everyone, using a upside down financial system, which is fraudulent. Then theres the well known fact that the gov agencies dont tell you what they sre doing unless they are about to get caught out, ir expossed, or have pushed it for 20 plus years, and decided to tell us we needed spying on. Se you getting this. They told us they were looking for terrorists. When i 

I'd wait for the economy to start recovering from Corona Virus. Bitcoin seems to go up in value in bad times and drop in value in good times. You may still be able to make a little money because people think inflation is going to spike thanks to the stimulus programs but that's not actually expected to hit for 2 to 4 years. Still, since it's a panic currency I'd expect it to raise at least a few thousand dollars more before March 2021, if a Stimulus pack gets approved in time then Bitcoin won't raise as quickly or high as if it didn't. Bitcoin was born in and thrives in recessions even though i 

There is so much speculation that the price will close higher in 2020 and I cant help but think that there are some people trying subconsciously imprint the idea that the price will rally before 2020. Yes there is a chance that it might rally a bit but there is also a chance that it might take a dip. It is thus not a good idea to go by random speculation. It makes more sense to observe the patterns. People have been investing in Bitcoin because the traditional finance market has been taking a hit due to the coronavirus. Cryptocurrencies presented an alternative that is not directly impacted by  

Seriously like have a look at the big or BIGGER PICTURE! I dont have really jack shit not even investments or savings. One thing that you should consider is look where we are at now? Not very stable . im gonna say chryptocurrency or bitcoin isnt what you think . all these new investments is possibly a big stitch up regardless who u r ? Why well think about it? You have a lot of money,others have alot of money . the rich will jumo at this opportunity all of them every where globally thinking they might be world leaders with chips or digital dollars. Do you reallythink the world leaders would gi 

I’m not criptal expert, i don’t even know how to spell that word I won’t touch it with a 69 ft pole No one, no one on Quora or anywhere in the world can accurately predict how an investment will do, ESPECIALLY if it’s something like bitcoin whose value is not backed by any economics. For any “managers” “investors” who wants to argue with me, I can give you 20k right now for whatever investment you wanna do, if you promise me 15% annual return for three years. Three years later if you lost money you owe me money or your legs, if you got more you can keep the rest. Good deal! No? Rest of y’all, don’t  

Personally I don't trade Bitcoin because the systemic risk is too high for me to manage effectively. By that I'm referring to the low transaction rate forcing people to trade in unregulated exchanges, and the very high likelihood that you'll be trading against bots operated by the exchange owner who may not be legally bound to give you the best counterparty price available in that exchange at that time. I'm happier trading other markets. However, if you put a gun to my head and forced me to tag Bitcoin, I'd probably be looking to set up option straddles or strangles. Google both — that's one ap 

I really hope you all bought bitcoin as at this time the question was asked? Because I advised a lot of people to buy bitcoin in 2020. Now, you see the price of bitcoin and how much you should have made by now if you invested. Not to late to double your bitcoin on Gsrtinvest. c o m either. It's still a great time to earn more money and live a happier life. Bitcoin has changed the lives of many people across the world. You should become a part of the little percentage too. Spread the word and choose now to invest even more. Gsrtinvest gives you all the benefits. Bitcoin prediction will be above $50, 

Bitcoin is appalling because of the immense amount of electricity required to mine bitcoins. All those machines are contributing majorly to greenhouse emissions and they aren't heating someone's house or preparing food, they are just making an abstract thing that we can very well live without. Bitcoin enables cyber crime by giving criminals an untraceable income source. Bitcoin is a terrible scourge driven by greed and criminality. Bitcoin use causing huge CO2 emissions: Study 574 viewsPierre-Yves Saumont, lives in France (1953-present)Answered 6 months ago · Author has 466 answers and 74K answer views

Is now a good time to buy Bitcoin in September 2020? How will Bitcoin do for the rest of 2020? Well, one might argue whether the best time is today or in the next ten days, but as we are now September 21st, it is certainly a good day to buy Bitcoin in September 2020. In ten days, it will no longer be. But it will be a good time to buy Bitcoin in October 2020. 708 views · View upvotes1Tahir ValiAnswered October 15, 2020

Will Stellar cryptocurrency be able to stay in the top 10?
What are cryptocurrencies?
The fact that cryptocurrencies are digital is not the only important difference between cryptocurrencies and traditional currencies like U.S. dollars. Before i continue, let me introduce you to a platform i discovered where you can sell your Bitcoin and other top Cryptocurrencies at the exact rate in dollars any where in the world. The website is IBUYCRYPTO (www.ibuycrypto.store). It is safe and secure. The interesting part of it is that, you don’t have to drop your vital informations before you sell to them. You sell and get your money directly sent to your bank account immediately your deposi 

There are different types of cryptocurrencies out nobody actually knows the correct number as it is increasing day by day. There I will talk about common 5 types of cryptocurrencies: 1. Bitcoin: Bitcoin, one of the most popular currencies, is regarded as an original cryptocurrency. It was designed as open – source software in 2009. Satoshi Nakamoto was the creator of the white paper that developed the digital currency. 2. Litecoin: As an alternative to Bitcoin came in 2011 and Litecoin was launched. Like other cryptocurrencies, Litecoin is a totally decentralized, open source global payment netw 

 Cryptocurrency - it's become one of the buzzwords of the 21st Century. It is something which you often hear in the news but a word which you can be forgiven for not knowing what it actually means. Thankfully Price Bailey Chartered Accountants in Cambridge are experts in the field and can provide advice on how cryptocurrencies can help your business. Here Mark Ellis - a research executive at the firm - gives us a layman's guide. What are cryptocurrencies? Cryptocurrencies differ from traditional currencies in a number of ways, the most obvious being that they are an electronic form of currency. In  

Cryptocurrency is a digital currency which can be used to transfer assets from person to person in a decentralised way. Decentralised means it is not regulated by any banks or central authority. Today, there are more than 1500 cryptocurrency, out of which some are coins and tokens. coins can bought in two ways , they may be mined through solving some complex equations and as a reward you get coins or they may be bought from exchanges. First cryptocurrency which was ever made was Bitcoin which was way back in 2009 by a person or a group named Satoshi Nakamoto. It gained popularity only in 2013, 

Let's break the term into two: crypto and currency. Now, we know that currency is a form of money that serves as the commonly accepted medium of exchange. That is, you can give currency and expect to receive a certain good/service in return. Traditionally, currency is regulated by the government. It is printed and it's supply is increased/decreased in accordance to the monetary policy decided by the government of the nation. Enter cryptocurrency. A cryptocurrency is essentially a piece of software that does the “printing” part itself, i.e. it creates itself (I’d say by a network rather than a ce 

An easy way to understand cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin is as a new and better form of money. Think of them as digital money for a digital world. Bitcoin makes it possible for anyone in the world to send money to anyone in the world. With no bank in the middle. That’s a powerful idea and it’s especially useful for people who live in countries where their government or banking system is corrupt or inflation is out of control. Bitcoin means citizens in those country can more safely store their wealth. Another use case for Bitcoin is as digital gold or Gold 2.0. Gold is valuable because it is sca 

There are basically 7 types. One site places cryptocurrencies into the following categories: Currency tokens, privacy tokens, platform tokens, utility tokens, exchange tokens, and decentralised exchange tokens. Another uses a different set of categories: Store of value coins, platform cryptocurrencies, fintech cryptocurrencies, payment cryptocurrencies, privacy cryptocurrencies, and application-specific coins. Others have even categorised blockchain assets into periodic tables, with Bitcoin taking the place of hydrogen. If you’re new to blockchain technology, it’s very frustrating. No one seems t 

It is a digitial Currency - whose first creation was called as “Bitcoin”. Not in physical form, but is traded, wherever it is accepted, in digitial form - fully encrypted !!! 1-Bitcoin, when it was first released for trading was equivalent to $ 0.003 usd in Mar,2010 &amp; was valued at $ 1.0 usd per bitcoin, in Feb,2011 &amp; once touched $ 17,200 usd per Coin(full) in Jan,2018, during bouncing market. It can be traded as 1/2, 1/4th, 1/5th, 1/8th &amp; so on…in the digital market by Geeks. Current value is $ 8,791 usd as on today. Though it is legal in US &amp; Mexico, it is unethical to mine the Bitcoins thru  

Initially hailed as a rebellious technology that would upend the world’s financial institutions and free people from the onerous fees and controls of the banking establishment, cryptocurrency has since been tarnished by criminal activity and wild market speculation. And while everyone has heard of crypto names like Bitcoin, very few people understand the fundamentals of how cryptocurrencies actually work — especially in the context of personal finance. Here’s what you need to know to prevent you from getting ripped off, and also help you determine if cryptocurrencies are for you: WHAT IS CRYPTO 

According to Wikipedia, cryptocurrency is also known as virtual currency. It is a form of virtual money which uses cryptography methods to keep a transaction secure. Cryptocurrencies are also designed to work as a medium of exchange and store of value. Digital currencies use a decentralised network. Members in the network do not need to rely on any third-party servers such as a banks, governments, and other financial authorities to complete payments to other members in the system. What is central network of a transaction? The Central network is the oldest used network to complete a transaction. In 

When is the next Alt season coming (November 2020)?
How much will Cardano be worth by 2025?
What will be the top 5 cryptocurrencies by 2021?
My husband wants to invest 2 million USD in Bitcoin, Ethereum and other Altcoins, should I allow him?
Don't put all your Eggs in one place, speculate to accumulate, good luck!! This is all my opinion and I am just a guy on the internet. This is not financial advice and I am not a financial adviser. I have no idea how much you guys are worth. Is 2 million dollars all of your excess savings? If you lost 2 million dollars would you guys be ok? I would ask this question before investing 2 million dollars into anything. I don't believe in putting your life savings into one asset class. For the rest of the question I am assuming you can afford to lose 2 million dollars and your life won't crumble. Big 

Well! This is a tough question. In financial theory, it is often said that “the higher the risk, the higher the returns”. Going by this statement, any one will be tempted to say that you should allow your husband invest his hard earned 2 million USD on Bitcoin and other currency, but the big question is this “ Are Bitcoins and other cryptocurrencies an investment”? The answer is No! There are mere speculator’s games. In view of this, it is not advisable for you to allow your husband to spend such a huge amount of money on Bitcoin, Ethereum and other Altcoins.  In recent time, there have been seri 

I do not know your financial situation, however, can you afford to lose $2 Million USD? When I invested $1500 in crypto, I wrote it off. I mentally [stressfully] categorized this money as gone; that way, if the worst should happen, I would already have prepared myself. The upside potential is there, however no answer would be sufficient in this discussion, unless we knew about your marriage, financial status, your husband and his profession, etc… some examples: is he a gambler? is this a compulsive move?is he finance oriented? is he tech oriented? does he understand the tech?hint: most people, in

“Trust me, I had $500,000 which I invested in cryptocurrencies and made $2 million in a couple of years” - said no man ever, except every bitcoin millionaire ever. Lady, what your husband needs to understand is that even though cryptocurrencies ARE very well at the brink of disrupting for good, possibly anything conventional, large one-shot investment into cryptocurrencies could be a mistake he'll remember. But is he entirely wrong? I don't think so. He's just doing it the wrong way. Now let's answer your question. From your question, I think it would be safe to infer that your husband wants to in 

I skimmed a bunch of answers…one thing was missing. Of course, it depends on your net worth…if $100 million, $2mil is no big deal. If 3 million, then putting 2/3 of your net worth into Bitcoin is not the greatest idea, just because it takes quite a long time to make that $2 million and will take awhile to put that back in the bank…years…that is really swinging for the fences. You have to understand investing vs gambling. There really is a difference. The stock market does go up and down, but when you buy a stock, you are buying a piece of a company that makes profits and may even pay a dividen 

Firstly, anyone willing to stake this huge amount at first attempt is not being logical. Do not get me wrong, Cryptocurrency is actually productive provided you have solid knowledge, and understand how to trade in various currencies of which most people are familiar with BTC, ETH, Altcoin, Dogecoin etc. Many have been lured to making outrageous investments by fraudulent ponzi schemes, forex companies, Bitcoin investment and other High Yield Investment Platforms(HYIP”s). These Companies are not well meaning because your profit will be limited knowing fully well that they also want to make profit 

Full disclosure, I work in Quantitative Finance ( The Marketplace For Algorithmic Trading Systems | Quantiacs ) and firmly believe cryptocurrencies are MUCH more than a passing fad so I have my biases but feel at least minimally qualified to answer this question because I’ve been involved a lot longer than most... First and foremost: be humble, rational, read beyond headlines and educate yourself. There is a LOT of hype and BS on both sides of the crypto conversation. Many feel like they’ve missed the “bitcoin boat” so they instinctively draw cynical conclusions and bash all crypto as a scam, f 

Never invest more than you are willing/able to lose – Bitcoin isn’t a very risky investment and you should keep that in mind at all times. After buying Bitcoins, make sure to move them into your own Bitcoin wallet and never leave them on an exchange. If we’re talking about substantial amounts, my personal recommendation is to use a hardware wallet. If you can’t afford a hardware wallet, try a paper wallet. Make sure to buy Bitcoins only from Reputable Bitcoin exchanges. Sometimes paying a little extra is worth the security and piece of mind. But if you really want to invest in a market that has 

Now almost everybody invest into Bitcoin with idea of “fast money” - that is not good. Therefore it can’t be considered as currency anymore because you also can’t tell only one example of currency with same pattern (except cryptocurrencies which are hype now and need to get some value if replacement should happen). Once you begin to see normal people investing into something, because others are investing in it and “making money” (On paper only, unless they sell), it’s pretty good signal it’s huge bubble. Because most of those users with bitcoin bought it for profit, once it stop rising or even d 

Yes, if you can afford it why not? 2 million dollars might be a huge some but it's meager compared to the profits of cryptocurrency. Take bitcoin for instance, putting in $1m already puts your $2m for all cryptocurrency back in your account. You see, you already make profit before talking about profits from Ethereum and alt coins. Invest wisely, diversify. A million dollars asset in bitcoin is a huge win. $2m asset in cryptocurrency is a bigger win. Cryptocurrency has been on the news all year. In January 2021, the Bitcoin market cap reached an all-time high and had grown by over 400 billion U.S. doll 

What is the best cryptocurrency to invest in right now?
Traders worry every day about which cryptocurrency to invest in. The crypto market, however, is still difficult to predict. There is no simple answer as to which coins will win the race in 2020. The guarantee: Bitcoin Bitcoin will always be a good investment. Satoshi Nakamoto's invention continues to lead in terms of market capitalization and trade volume. Almost every crypto exchange can trade Bitcoin and it is the cryptocurrency that is used the most. If you can or just want to invest in a single cryptocurrency, Bitcoin is always a good choice. The first true peer-to-peer currency is still the  

There’s plenty of pretty funny and clear answers to your question below/above. However I thought I’d talk from a personal perspective because I’m on the same journey you are on. I’ve found the myriad of blogs, news articles which seem to be about tabloids jumping on the bandwagon, forums and recommendations at times tricky to navigate, but also contradictory. Therefore I’d say taking any one persons advice, especially mine won’t get you very far. However, what I can tell you is the way I’m beginning to do my research. This has helped me invest in ETH at the right time and enabled me to think mo 

Best cryptocurrencies to invest in March 2021  Bitcoin (BTC) Bitcoin is now trading at a discount to the recent highs around the $58,000 level. The reality is that corporate interest has now been defined in the coin and it wouldn’t be a surprise to see announcements later that some large companies have been buying on this latest correction in price. BTC is a vital coin in the cryptocurrency ecosystem and buying the coin on dips is a wise move, in order to get access to other coins at lower prices, or to use for collateral in decentralised finance. If corporate America’s largest companies are looki 

It all depends what do you refer to when you say the best. If by the best you mean one with the most secure investment and growth up to max x10 in this bull run than you are looking for Cryptocurrency that you have already heard of and that is Bitcoin (BTC) or Ethereum (ETH). If by the best you mean one that had already some growth, because it is solving some already currently interesting topics like Layer2 or DeFi or NFT, but still has growth possible up to x50 than you should be looking at cryptocurrency like ENJ, CHZ, UNI, MATIC, AAVE, SNX, …. If by the best you mean one with the highest profi 

Best cryptocurrency to Invest 2018 There is already a more comprehensive answer to this http://question.https://www.bitdegree.org/tutorials/best-cryptocurrency-to-invest/ Best Cryptocurrency to Invest 2018: Bitcoin (BTC) If somehow, you’ve only heard of one cryptocurrency, it’s probably Bitcoin. It is the biggest cryptocurrency — it currently has a 40%i share in the total cryptocurrency market cap! It is the oldest cryptocurrency and it still dominates in the market. So, if Bitcoin continues to increase like it did in 2017, then investing in Bitcoin might be a good idea for 2018. The price of Bitc 

First, it crossed $10K. Two weeks later, it plummets to $5K. Fast forward one week, Bitcoin grows over $6K as if nothing happened. “If you are not confused, you don´t know what is going on.” Jack Welch said. Uncertainty rules the world since the COVID-19 expanded. Most stocks have gone down, and investors expect them to drop another 20% by the end of the year. Yes, winter is here. Wait. How about the digital world? Should we change our strategy? Today may be a good time to buy some Bitcoin. But what do you say about the thousands lost when it dropped recently? The events show that even the most sta 

I’ve been mining bitcoin/crypto since 2011 and before that was daytrading penny stocks on the pink sheets. I will tell you that it will be a blockchain no one is talking about. The reasoning for this is simple. Blockchain technologies are fairly new and there is not a lot of history to learn from. The so called “experts” are mostly self proclaimed, they have gotten lucky on the first crypto bubble and because of this feel confident enough to give advice and call out the next big gainer without very little technical or business knowledge. You could have thrown money into anything in 2016/17 and 

At the time of answering your question you may have followed the recent events and how they have been affecting the price of bitcoin as well as all other cryptocurrencies. Advising you in investing in any cryptocurrency based on your question, where you are not mentioning any other criteria (i.e. timeframe, risk appetite, etc.) would be a reckless attempt. The crypto market is highly volatile at the present moment and, first of all, you need to ask yourself what your time horizon is or for how long you want to invest for. My personal opinion is that the only cryptocurrency worth investing for the 

 That would be bitcoin. Why? Limited supply of 21 million = extremely high price when cryptocurrency is adopted by the masses. There’s a good chance that bitcoin will be trending at $1,000,000+ in the next decade or so and the world’s population will be buying groceries with satoshis (0.00000001 ฿). There’s also a good chance that the vast majority of the world’s population will never own a full bitcoin (1.00000000 ฿) due to its future price.Bitcoin is being coded by the best developers in the world (apart from a few exceptions such as Vitalik Buterin, Charlie Lee etc). If one of the smartest gro

When I first started investing, it was about making a fast buck. Buy, Drop! Buy high, Sell low! I treated each currency as a cash cow and didn’t care for anything except for return on investment. I didn’t read anything or know much about some of the currencies I was investing about. Then as I began to study and learn more about digital currency, I developed an appreciation for the technology. You should do the same. You’ll eventually get burned in blind trading. You need to be investing in coins that have a strong core. Many of the cheap uninspired Altcoins won’t be around 2 years from now and 

Why are none of Ethereum based DApps widely adopted? 
Is Maha Dao (MAHA) cryptocurrency a new Maker Dao (MKR)?
What are the most accepted cryptocurrencies?
What are some of the easiest cryptocurrencies to use?
When is Crypto currency going to surge again?
Is Bitcoin the best cryptocurrency?
Will Dogecoin become a real cryptocurrency?
What are the best altcoins you can buy under 10 cents?
Will Stellar cryptocurrency be able to stay in the top 10?
Which country will be the first to drop fiat currency for digital currency?
What is behind the Dogecoin rise?
Nike announced that it does not source products from the XUAR and have confirmed with their contract suppliers that they are not using textiles or spun yarn from the region. Will this cause them to lose the Chinese market?
How do you model for local volatility surface corresponding to the implied volatility surface (local volatility, quant)?
Are dividend paying stocks worth buying?
On average, with very large portfolios over very long periods of time, dividend paying stocks outperform non-dividend paying stocks. On the other hand, in a taxable account, dividend-paying stocks usually have a tax disadvantage. From a pure investment perspective, your main concern should be total return, dividends plus capital gains. A useful financial identity is your total return will equal the D+R&amp;#x00D7;&amp;#x03C1;" role="presentation">D+R×ρD+R×ρD+R\times\rho where D" role="presentation" style="position: relative;">DDD = dividend yield, R" role="presentation" style="position: relative;">RRR = company’s return on equity and &amp;#x03C1;" role="presentation" style="position: relative;">ρρ\rho = the retention ratio, or 1&amp;#x2212;D/E" role="presentation" style="position: relative;">1−D/E1−D/E1-D/E where E" role="presentation" style="position: relative;">EEE = earnings. For example, suppose you are comparing Microsoft to Tesla. Microsoft  

Should I buy Stocks just for dividends? 1: If you want to pay all your monthly bills: Here I’ll give my three top dividend stocks. I usually charge for this but I give all my Quorians preferential treatment so listen up.  IEP: 10.04% dividend. This is not for the faint of heart. Carl Icahn is one of the few billionaire traders. This is his company. Look how the 10 year chart goes. After the crash of 2008 it maintains and comes back nicely.   MO: 5.09% dividend here. Tobacco giant.  Always check the 10 year chart performance. Here we have smooth sailing. MO goes back 40 years I think; decades of gains. 

I would say yes as long as the company is paying a reasonable dividend. I would suggest avoiding stocks with an unusually high dividend. The theory behind choosing stocks that don’t pay a dividend is that the company can reinvest the money they would use to pay a dividend and grow the company faster than if they gave it to the stockholders. In the case of a young fast growing company like Facebook that may be true but for many companies they have all the access to capital they need to grow the company. Let me get a little personal here to illustrate the next point that I want to make. A few year 

Yes...  and no.   There is a place for them (probably) in your portfolio.  Probably they should not be all your portfolio.   One of our investment strategies has been to buy quality dividend paying stocks with good dividend reinvestment plans and basically let them run on autopilot over many years, paying the income taxes out if earned income.   This is not a trading strategy.  It's mainly a conservative buy and hold until you sell.  If you do this be sure to keep good records.   Calculating your basis is a lot of fun (fun the way a root canal is an interesting experience) especially with splits 

When it comes to long-term wealth creation, dividend paying stocks can be a great option to invest in. Let’s take a look at some compelling reasons why you should consider investing in them. They’re a major source of passive incomeDividend stocks periodically and consistently distribute their profits out to their shareholders. This gives you a regular source of income that you can fall back on. Similar to how you get interest payments from your bank deposits, investing in dividend stocks also provides you with guaranteed returns on your investment. They’re less prone to market volatilityWith div 

Hi Traders/Investors, I will discuss Pros and Cons of dividends investing strategy : Whatever you do, don’t buy stocks that aren’t expected to appreciate in the future.For instance, if a company pays 5% dividend, but the stock price falls to half, you will be left with 2.5% dividend, along with a loss of capital.Pros: Probably the only investment that gives a regular income as well as a chance of capital appreciationCapital appreciation in the stock market is notional till you book it. Dividends put money in your pockets.Cons: Dividends can give you a regular income, but keep in mind that the stoc

Some people say valuing dividend paying stocks more than the one which don’t it’s foolish. I don’t share the same idea and I find the dividend to be a crucial factor in an investment activity. Why? Dividend is directly related to company’s performance. If the company performs well it generates enough earnings that after the capital expenditure is spent there is still surplus which can be distributed to shareholders. Market sentiment has nothing to do with this and the dividend is like the investor’s salary. Theoretically, the share price can go to 0 because Mr Market went crazy, you still get  

Yes. I believe they are worth buying. But let’s not get delusional about certain realities: You aren’t going to go from rages to riches overnight just because you invest in dividend stocks;Stocks whose dividend are too high are usually screaming “DANGER;”The price of every stock will fluctuate.For investors looking to gradually build a portfolio of companies that pay dividends but are reasonably resistant to market fluctuations, look over the Dividend Kings and Dividend Aristocrats. Several ETFs focus on these, notably NOBL and VIG. What’s notable about these companies is that they have increased  

One of the most important things you need to recognize is that wealth gets created by finding the greatest amount of net-of-tax returns. This makes dividend investing a poor fit for high earnings in taxable accounts, particularly those in high-tax states like California. A lawyer in California has no business buying AT&amp;T stock so that he can pay 23.8% taxes to the federal government for each dividend and 13.3% to the state of California as well. Someone putting 100 shares of AT&amp;T into a retirement account might earn 10% annually while the California lawyer only reaps 6-7% on the exact same ass 

First let us talk about the Dividends. Dividend is that part which you can get after company left any profit in its hand after paying all the expenses and taxes and all other things. And it is all in Board of Directors hand whether they want to distribute Dividend or Not. And even if company did not give you dividend you can not take any action against it. If for example a share has Face Value Rs.10. And you have 100 shares of that company, and company declared a dividend of 20% then you will get Rs.200 as dividend, doesn’t matter if it’s current market price is 100 or 1000 or even in Lakhs. You 

What marketing tricks do people fall for every day?
Some of the most popular marketing tricks that we aren’t usually aware of are the following: THE GRUEN EFFECT: Nowadays we are accustomed to go to a shopping mall every time we need to buy something. In reality, such retail spaces are designed for impulse shopping. When you go to a store looking for socks and come out with a new shirt, it’s only partly your fault. Shops are trying to look so beautiful, so welcoming, the items so enticingly displayed and in such vast quantity, that the consumer will start buying compulsively. This is the Gruen Effect.  The Gruen effect is named after Victor Gruen,  

Loss Aversion Loss Aversion is the theory that people would much rather avoid a loss than gain something. In fact, according to a research the pain of a loss is almost twice as strong as the reward felt from a gain. Picture it this way; would you be happier to win $100 or avoid losing $100 that you already own? Brands can put this psychological trick into practice in various creative ways. One of the most straightforward ways to use Loss Aversion is the way that you frame your offers and promotions. Rather than giving your customers a gift voucher that is worth $20, you can give your customers a 

Oh boy, not just one, but two things at the same time! (TL;DR in the bottom) Yesterday, my classmates and I went to a barbecue place to celebrate our graduation. Doing a quick google search on the location, I realized that it was well rated, expensive, and pretty far away.  (Source: Google)  Scam 1: After reaching there, we were seated down, and waited for by the captains. For starters they got something with gravy. It was… good. A lot of people took more. And then came chicken leg pieces. It was great. And then came the meat on skewers. It was amazing! Looks like a fantastic experience to me, how do 

Total satisfaction or your money back GUARANTEED! How many times have you seen that on packaging in the supermarket? This is one of the oldest and most effective marketing strategies of all time. I’ve worked in marketing for 20 years but this was going on back in the 1800’s from everything from door to door salesmen to Sears &amp; Robuck. The first thing this does is provide the perception the product is superior to its competitors. So straight off you’re more inclined to buy. Bing. That’s an immediate win. So you get the product home and bang it in the fridge, freezer or cupboard. Once you get round t 

There are no rules or regulations as to why Apple decided that their texting color would be blue and everybody else would be green. So, why is this done? Apple is targeting you for your subconscious gravity toward colors with shorter wavelengths. Over time, as the audience matures, the tendency toward the color blue only grows and intensifies. Making people think they’re losing money if you don’t buy it. This is also known as the decoy effect, but it has a nuance. Companies operate on the premise of optimizing profit. To do so, you need variety, you need nuance. You need the same thing packaged

Great question! I've been waiting for this for some time. I walked into the nearby mall. A nice flashy sedan or SUV was parked right in the middle of the high traffic area of the mall. There were no sales reps nearby.  Copyright: Hustle.coI circled the car; it looked ravishing. I noticed a stack of leaflets on a nearby table. All they asked for was my name, email, and telephone number. Hell yeah! If giving those details could win me a car, I am all in. Privacy, my foot! I fill out the leaflet and deposit it in the nearby box before standing there some more looking at the car and dreaming about th 

I’m not a marketing expert but I have noticed some marketing tricks on daily basis that people fall for everyday.Let’s take the example of supermarket. Have you ever noticed? In a supermarket, the products that attract kids are kept near the checkout or down in the shelf so that the kids can grab it easily and parents become compelled to pay for it. These products are mostly chocolates and toys. I know this because I used to do the same when I was a kid. 2.The daily commodities like:-flour,rice,bread,jam and snacks are kept at distance so that people will also grab some unnecessary items when th 

Statistics in the World Bank reveal that there’s been an increase in the amount of brands and marketing that have slipped into company through recent years.  The companies and manufacturers are started with the intent of providing a variety of products and services for customers’ essential use when earning gains. In turn, has increased competition on the marketplace as the companies look to acquire customers for their services and products. Therefore, all brands and companies are working hard daily to boost their marketing abilities as it’s among the main things which affect any company growth. T 

So just yesterday, I went to buy some toilet paper. I don’t care that much about toilet paper, I’m not really trying to get the most comfortable thing ever, I was just looking for the cheapest one. Most of the packs were 12 rolls. And one of the packs was 4 rolls, but bigger ones.  It turns out that pack was cheaper than the others, so I bought that one. And then once at home, sitting on the toilet, seeing the pack in front of me, I thought about it again. “4=12″? Really? How the hell can I be so gullible that I would see something like this, and think “4=12, yeah, makes sense!”?!? I have no clue how  

Referral program  If you want to develop a huge following very quickly, you need to look into referral marketing. This is a basic strategy where you allow customers to help promote your product for you. It’s a simple concept, but it isn’t used nearly enough by most of the startups I’ve seen. It’s especially critical to use since 92% of people trust personal recommendations more than all other forms of marketing. You want to get your customers excited to share the news of your startup with their friends and promote it heavily. To do this effectively, don’t build a referral program from scratch. After 

The video game industry is a rapidly growing sector, so why are so many companies private, especially with the inflating costs of development?
Why is Warren Buffett not buying stocks anymore in 2020?
Which is a better investment, Decentraland MANA or Sandbox Sand?
If a trader makes 100–200% annual returns, then how is Warren Buffett the best investor in the world?
I'm a professional trader. I know a lot of people who have put up massive returns for 10+ years. But not one is in Warren Buffett's league. Why? Buffett can take advantage of the eighth wonder of the world. None of us can. The eighth wonder of the world is compound interest. Imagine that you make 20% per year. If you have a little bit of money, 20% won’t give you a lot of money after just one year. But if you reinvest your profits, you have 20% more money every year. Over time you build up a lot of money — for example, $1,000 invested at 20%/yr for 30 yrs becomes $250,000. Buffett has been at it f 

I will take this question at face value…. Buffett may not be “the” best investor but he is certainly one of the most successful and famous. The way that he made the money is almost irrelevant because the results are amazing no matter how he did it (considering legal methods only of course). First- Warren Buffett has achieved market beating returns for decades. Very few professionals can say that. It's one thing to double your money in one year but to do that over 10 years is exceptiinally hard. if you did this, you would have 1000x your initial investment (2 to the 10th power or 2 x 2 x 2 … 10  

Stock market is a crazy place… one can become billionaire and beggar at same time. Earnings 3600% return in one trade or one year is significant . There is a hedge fund manager in Brazil who recently ended making more than 1000% return on investment. Here is the excerpts of the news coverage- “Luiz Alves Paes de Barros is something of an enigma in Sao Paulo’s financial circles. At 69, he’s known around town as the “anonymous billionaire” for quietly amassing a fortune by wagering on stocks almost no one else seemed to want Starting in late 2015, Barros’s Alaska Investimentos Ltda. made the batte 

Question: If a trader makes 100–200% annual returns, then how is Warren Buffett the best investor in the world? The secret is understanding the difference between being a TRADER and an INVESTOR. I wish I can make it bolder and bigger. But never mind, let’s manage what we’ve got. Before we proceed, I’d like to say I’m grateful for the question, it'll clear up lots of things, even for me.” Here we go… Who is a trader and who is an investor? Lots of people know that Sir Buffett is an investor but what they don’t really get is what separates people like him from traders who happen to also deal with th 

Buffett has been having a consistant yield of 20% per year for more that 50 years Do the math 1.2^50 means a multiplicative factor of nearly 10,000; it would take 13 1/2 years to reach this level if compounding at 2 A reverted question would be : Has any trader been able to constantly have a x2 annual result for more than 13 years? Now Buffett is having his 6th decade into the business, and 1.2^60 means a factor of 60000 The magic of Buffett is to make routinely 20% yearly, basic principles is to have a low cost source of funds, to provide funds for financing of others activities at a high cost an 

It would seem the poser of this question has no experience or knowledge of the extreme difficulties of earning triple digit returns on the kind of capital people like Warren Buffett have to deploy. First of all, returns like 100 to 200% per annum can only be achieved on relatively small sums of money. A few million dollars perhaps for a really skilled and talented trader. After that this trader runs into the brick wall of capacity limits. There is only so much capital he can deploy without actually “becoming” the market. In other words, you can’t earn returns like that unless there is someone w 

Here are my annual returns net of all expenses: Return 2007 49.95% 2008 298.39% 2009 261.16% 2010 70.95% 2011 74.09% 2012 154.43% 2013 55.82% 2014 68.84% 2015 163.92% 2016 0.71% 2017 37.58% All of this has been left to compound, so each dollar invested on 1 January 2007, grew to more than $1,500 eleven years later. I was able to turn a few thousand into a few million. One thing that might stand out to you is that the two worst years are also the two most recent years. That gives a clue that things get harder as you have more money to work with. This is from the Berkshire Hathaway Shareholder Letter of 1989:  We&nbsp;

Let’s see the formula of compound interest:  We often get stuck trying to get better r. If we know anything about exponents, we can safely say that an increase in r will only increase A by a bit, while an increase in n will increase A exponentially.Warren Buffett’s P and n, both are huge. Ultimately, it is the consistency of returns that matters, not what you do in a year or two years. While Warren buffet (or any investor) can keep all his money invested, a trader cannot trade with 100% capital all the time. The risk is way too high, specially once the capital increases in size.Talking particular

Two reasons: Warren compounds his returns.Warren gets a % of other people's investments.Warren Buffett is not the best investor in the world. He just got lucky with Coke stock and he has a lot of patience in the market. That lucky strike on his 50th birthday got him a lot of investors to put their money under his management, and then a lot of institutions did the same. If you think he manages the investments himself then you are delusional. It's a team of investors working in a very classical way. All Warren does is keep his brand name. So you can make a high profit % or more and enjoy your mone 

For one obvious reason. Total returns over a lifetime. Buffett is the third richest person in the world. He is richer than any real estate or stock market investor. If these people can get 100%-200% every year, they would be wealthier than him. So why aren't they wealthier than him? They can get 100%+ one year. Look at the bitcoin fanatics. Many of them made 1000%+ percentage points profit in a year and thought making money was easy. Now they are down dramatically this year. They certainly won't become as wealthy as Buffett through bitcoin. What Buffett has done is get `only` 15%+ over 75 years as 

Can you explain like I'm five what happened with the GameStop stock?
Here is a short write-up of the story behind the GameStop thing that I wrote for my social network accounts back at the time the story was happening  The way I understand the story, GameStop, the company, was slowly dying a painful, prolonged death of a physical store in a digital world. The fact that their main business is/was selling physical box versions of digital goods just adds to both pain and irony. Quarantine didn't exactly help matters, but the company has been in decline since some time in mid-10s, stores closing, share price dropping etc. Here enters Reddit. For those who don't know,  

Yes. I will explain what happened to GameStop stock using graphs and analysis. SEC information, professional side information, and it will be in layman’s terms or I will provide an easy to understand meaning of a stock market term. This will take some time so plan on reading this when you have time and can read it slowly and not rush through glancing at it rather than reading it carefully. I will begin with some facts that most readers are not aware of or they have never heard before. Facts to start this answer: There are 3 pieces of information that come from the exchanges for each stock transact

 In 2019, Keith Gill decided to launch a campaign to save GameStop, which was being targeted for demise by Wall Street short-sellers. He bought a large position of the stock when it was $4 and began talking up his campaign on Reddit as “deepfuckingvalue” and on Youtube as “Roaring Kitty.” Gill believed they could push the value as high as $50. In August, 2020, he began pushing the idea of squeezing the short sellers by refusing to sell his shares and urging the gamers to “hold the line, we set the price.” The millennial gamers joined this campaign en mass (and suddenl 

Jack has 1,000 shares in GameStop. The stock price is only $1 but if GameStop goes bankrupt then it's money he can afford to lose. Jill wants to borrow Jack’s shares and hold them for a month. They will pay them $15 and will return the 1,000 shares at the end of the month. Jill gains custody of Jack’s shares and proceeds to immediately sell the 1,000 shares on the market for $1 and get’s $1,000 cash. They must still give the 1,000 shares back to Jack at the end of the month but at the market price. They are in a contract with Jack to that end. Jill’s rationale is that she thinks GameStop is goin 

Yes You can buy something called “stocks”. A stock is a little piece of a company. So if you buy some stocks in GameStop, you own a little bit of GameStop. The price of buying a stock goes up and down. If no-one buys stocks from a particular company, or that company is not doing very well, the price of that company’s stocks goes down. If the company is successful, or if a lot of people buy those stocks, the price goes up.  Now, you can do this funny thing called “shorting”. Shorting means you tell someone else “I will buy your stocks in this company, and then sell the same amount of stocks back to  

Let’s say that someone said to you, “Hey! You know the supermarket on the corner has some rotten tuna overpriced at $4/can. Let’s go buy some!” Being a savvy shopper, you say , “No thanks. Why would I buy rotten tuna at $4/can there when I can get new tuna at Giant for $1/can?” That’s informed market behavior, at least on your part.  Let’s say that your friend said instead, “Hey! Everyone is buying tuna. The price is going up, so if you buy some now, you can sell it on at a profit later.” That’s speculation. Omitting that the tuna is rotten may be fraudulent, especially if your friend knows that th 

Your school tuck shop sometimes runs out of $1 dollar chocolate bars. When they do, kids are so desperate they will pay $1.50 to a kid who has one. Imagine they’ve run out, everyone is looking to buy one. You are a smart kid, you know how things work, and you think there will be a delivery in half an hour, so you say to ten hungry kids “I’ll sell you one in half an hour for $1.50” and they agree and you all pinkie promise. Your plan is to wait until the delivery comes, buy ten at a $1 and sell them for $1.50 to these ten kids. Some little kids saw this. When the delivery comes in the little kids tha 

I will explain with Meme Thread | The Story Behind GameStop stock surge GameStop Corp (GME) is a struggling, mid-size retailer stuck in a legacy business selling physical video games. It is staring at Bankruptcy. Bcoz who goes to stores to buy games these day?  Player 1: Hedge funds Hedge funds try to force down the price of weak stocks like Gamestop, and SHORT the stock (betting it will go down). It usually works fine most of the time.Hedge funds have made billions shorting stocks in the past. First lets understand shorting Omkar on Twitter  You can buy shares of a company or you can “short” a compa 

Yu-Hsing Chen and David Turner is incorrect about the company. Consensus does not equal truth. The biggest money maker on Earth is knowing a secret truth pretty much everyone disagrees with. I actually bought GameStop stock way before WSB as a deep value contrarian play. I posted this on Facebook as well as discussing the same thesis with Dr. Ray Ng at the time so this wasn’t in hindsight. So basically in short for the ELI5: Delusional people in consensus think along the lines of Gamestop = BlockBuster * brick and mortar all dead to Amazon = short the stock (simplified version)I am a gamer and wh

Sure!  Nobody shops at Gamestop any more because you can buy video games cheaper online. Because of that (as of a few weeks ago), Gamestop stock prices are falling. Nobody wants to buy Gamestop stock because they probably will be going out of business soon. Basically, if buying stocks is like buying fruit, buying Gamestop stock is like buying rotten apples.  So investors can do this thing called short selling. If they know (or think) a stock is a rotten apple, they can borrow some stock and sell it right now for $2. And then in a month when the stock is just a pile of mush, they buy the stock for  

What is your unedited opinion about WallStreetBets?
Larry Page has almost $40B, but only $60M (75,000 shares) of that is in GOOG stock. According to sources, Sergey Brin has nearly 21 million shares of GOOG stock, yet both are worth almost $40B. Where is the rest of Page’s money invested?
Are dividend paying stocks worth buying?
On average, with very large portfolios over very long periods of time, dividend paying stocks outperform non-dividend paying stocks. On the other hand, in a taxable account, dividend-paying stocks usually have a tax disadvantage. From a pure investment perspective, your main concern should be total return, dividends plus capital gains. A useful financial identity is your total return will equal the D+R&amp;#x00D7;&amp;#x03C1;" role="presentation" style="position: relative;">D+R×ρD+R×ρD+R\times\rho where D" role="presentation" style="position: relative;">DDD = dividend yield, R" role="presentation" style="position: relative;">RRR = company’s return on equity and &amp;#x03C1;" role="presentation" style="position: relative;">ρρ\rho = the retention ratio, or 1&amp;#x2212;D/E" role="presentation" style="position: relative;">1−D/E1−D/E1-D/E where E" role="presentation" style="position: relative;">EEE = earnings. For example, suppose you are comparing Microsoft to Tesla. Microsoft  

Should I buy Stocks just for dividends? 1: If you want to pay all your monthly bills: Here I’ll give my three top dividend stocks. I usually charge for this but I give all my Quorians preferential treatment so listen up.  IEP: 10.04% dividend. This is not for the faint of heart. Carl Icahn is one of the few billionaire traders. This is his company. Look how the 10 year chart goes. After the crash of 2008 it maintains and comes back nicely.   MO: 5.09% dividend here. Tobacco giant.  Always check the 10 year chart performance. Here we have smooth sailing. MO goes back 40 years I think; decades of gains. 

I would say yes as long as the company is paying a reasonable dividend. I would suggest avoiding stocks with an unusually high dividend. The theory behind choosing stocks that don’t pay a dividend is that the company can reinvest the money they would use to pay a dividend and grow the company faster than if they gave it to the stockholders. In the case of a young fast growing company like Facebook that may be true but for many companies they have all the access to capital they need to grow the company. Let me get a little personal here to illustrate the next point that I want to make. A few year 

Yes...  and no.   There is a place for them (probably) in your portfolio.  Probably they should not be all your portfolio.   One of our investment strategies has been to buy quality dividend paying stocks with good dividend reinvestment plans and basically let them run on autopilot over many years, paying the income taxes out if earned income.   This is not a trading strategy.  It's mainly a conservative buy and hold until you sell.  If you do this be sure to keep good records.   Calculating your basis is a lot of fun (fun the way a root canal is an interesting experience) especially with splits 

When it comes to long-term wealth creation, dividend paying stocks can be a great option to invest in. Let’s take a look at some compelling reasons why you should consider investing in them. They’re a major source of passive incomeDividend stocks periodically and consistently distribute their profits out to their shareholders. This gives you a regular source of income that you can fall back on. Similar to how you get interest payments from your bank deposits, investing in dividend stocks also provides you with guaranteed returns on your investment. They’re less prone to market volatilityWith div 

Hi Traders/Investors, I will discuss Pros and Cons of dividends investing strategy : Whatever you do, don’t buy stocks that aren’t expected to appreciate in the future.For instance, if a company pays 5% dividend, but the stock price falls to half, you will be left with 2.5% dividend, along with a loss of capital.Pros: Probably the only investment that gives a regular income as well as a chance of capital appreciationCapital appreciation in the stock market is notional till you book it. Dividends put money in your pockets.Cons: Dividends can give you a regular income, but keep in mind that the stoc

Some people say valuing dividend paying stocks more than the one which don’t it’s foolish. I don’t share the same idea and I find the dividend to be a crucial factor in an investment activity. Why? Dividend is directly related to company’s performance. If the company performs well it generates enough earnings that after the capital expenditure is spent there is still surplus which can be distributed to shareholders. Market sentiment has nothing to do with this and the dividend is like the investor’s salary. Theoretically, the share price can go to 0 because Mr Market went crazy, you still get  

Yes. I believe they are worth buying. But let’s not get delusional about certain realities: You aren’t going to go from rages to riches overnight just because you invest in dividend stocks;Stocks whose dividend are too high are usually screaming “DANGER;”The price of every stock will fluctuate.For investors looking to gradually build a portfolio of companies that pay dividends but are reasonably resistant to market fluctuations, look over the Dividend Kings and Dividend Aristocrats. Several ETFs focus on these, notably NOBL and VIG. What’s notable about these companies is that they have increased  

One of the most important things you need to recognize is that wealth gets created by finding the greatest amount of net-of-tax returns. This makes dividend investing a poor fit for high earnings in taxable accounts, particularly those in high-tax states like California. A lawyer in California has no business buying AT&amp;T stock so that he can pay 23.8% taxes to the federal government for each dividend and 13.3% to the state of California as well. Someone putting 100 shares of AT&amp;T into a retirement account might earn 10% annually while the California lawyer only reaps 6-7% on the exact same ass 

First let us talk about the Dividends. Dividend is that part which you can get after company left any profit in its hand after paying all the expenses and taxes and all other things. And it is all in Board of Directors hand whether they want to distribute Dividend or Not. And even if company did not give you dividend you can not take any action against it. If for example a share has Face Value Rs.10. And you have 100 shares of that company, and company declared a dividend of 20% then you will get Rs.200 as dividend, doesn’t matter if it’s current market price is 100 or 1000 or even in Lakhs. You 

Why is Warren Buffett not buying stocks anymore in 2020?
After 30 days as president, Biden hasn't called for new taxes, the stock market's hitting new highs, COVID is being handled, and a new stimulus package is likely. Are you satisfied or concerned?
Lets look at the facts: Biden didn’t do one thing regarding Covid, other than saying there is nothing he can doThe Cycle count for testing for Covid was reduced from 45 to the high teens cutting the number of false positives, therefore only about 1/3 of the people previously reported as having CovidThe CDC went back to their old guide lines on how to report deaths, previously if you died of a heart attack or in a car accident but tested positive for Covid, they put the cause of death as covidNothing has changed regarding Covid deaths, all that has changed is how deaths are reported, Biden had n

I’m concerned, certainly not satisfied. But first - applause to all who have commented calmly and professionally about their views on either side of your observations. Biden has repeatedly stated taxes need to be raised - corporations and “wealthy” families, and increasing the payroll tax. So he can raise taxes by discarding a Trump executive order, if it did in fact lower income tax rates or impacts in some respect. But if he is wanting to raise taxes by eliminating Trump’s tax cuts during his administration, he’ll need Congress to help. Answer. Biden wants to raise taxes - period. If he hasn’t 

It is 60 days now and it is even better than the questioner wrote which is why I am answering: Relief package - $1.9 trillion done, checks arriving, done, by the end of next week up to 200 million checks in bank accounts.Family relief package focused on children, done. 21% going to the poor and working class. Done done.Vaccinations ramped up - done, 3 million a day as of March 22, just short of 100 million and will be over 200 million by the 100 day mark, doubling the Biden promise. Done, done, done.Use of military, FEMA, arenas, gyms, done, done done.2 more vaccines approved (AZ is pending) si

No he has not called for taxes because the dude is smart. He has risen middle class and low income families. Gas is going up which means taxes are going up. Groceries will go up because a majority of food gets toni's by trucks. Food prices go up to offset the fuel costs which guess what, taxes go up on certain items. Are utilities are going up, have you noticed. Cutting the production of fossil fuels like crude oil and natural gas drive those costs up. Next. The stock market is going up because Trumps lack of regulations are still not changed, so production is moving. Also remember stocks go of 

One of the flaws the Ancient Greeks ran into when it came to Democracy was that because people had a vote on everything, they also had to do an extensive amount of research and effort to stay informed with politics. This took a lot of time away from doing other tasks, and it also made it easy to manipulate the system. One of the biggest reasons why the US was founded as a constitutional republic with state and federal governments, was that the people could elect a representative to do that work for them, so that they themselves could focus on other matters. You elect your representative, they s 

Biden canceled the Keystone pipeline, immediately destroying 11,000 US jobs and ensuring that gas prices would rise—and they did. The oil will still come from Canada, but it will come via rail cars and tanker trucks—which will make it much more expensive to transport. He got us back into the disastrous Paris Climate Accord, which gives India and China a free pass until the year 2030—meaning they can pollute all they want to in the meantime. So he wants to wreck our economy while giving the go-ahead to other countries to spew greenhouse gases into the atmosphere. He eliminated measures introduced 

Where do you think the stimulus money is going to come from? Seems they are printing money. That will lead to two things, inflation and higher taxes. They are borrowing against future take hikes Do you have blinders on? You think they are going to try to pay as we go and tax us immediately for the stimulus? That wounldnt help much would it? They just push it down the line but at some point we are going to have to settle the bill. He will only be a one term president because of his age and odds are he can just push it off to the next guy. Covid has nothing to do with the president. The vaccine di 

Biden has nothing to do with the stock market. That is all 100% Donald Trump. American economy has been setting records on a daily basis ever since Trump deleted all of the regulations that Obama/Biden put into place during their administration. Biden and Obama choked American Manufacturing and killed industries that led to many companies moving out of the US. Trumps first thing he did in office was delete the regulations Obama/Biden created and cut taxes, which lead to the greatest economic boom in American history. Even with the pandemic, killing the economy, America still set records in the s 

Biden doesn't have to call for new taxes when all 3 top-level government offices are controlled by his party, dumbass. The stock market is in a pre-selloff markup–investors setting up for huge selloffs to take their money and run, if you had any fucking clue, dipshit. Covid was trending downward the entire month of December and January before your fucking pervert had fuck-all to do with anything, you fuckup. The new stimulus package is borrowing and obligating ~$17,000 in each American's name and 'giving' back just $2–3,000 to half of them while spending billions on pork and international bulls 

He just rejected the $15 minimum wage (or at least isn't really fighting for it), refused to cancel student loan debt (which he did mention in his campaign trail), bombed Syria, and is only planning to give us $1400 instead of the $2000 stimulus check he promised during his election which many voted for him because of that. The good thing is he is doing a decent job of distributing the vaccine, better than other countries in comparison.. and he really isn't unhinged and dangerous like Trump. Biden is a moderate “corporate” and “establishment” Democrat, he will do mostly bare minimum but will l 

Rightwing libertarians, conservatives, or economic liberals, how do you justify the stock market if the 1% capture most of the capital gains? How does the stock market even benefit the rest of the 99%?
I know almost nothing about economics or finance or investing or any of that. I have no idea if the stock market benefits the general society or not. But I do know that my IRA, invested as I was advised in an index fund on quite cautious principles, grew pretty tremendously last year and looks to be able to support me in my unambitious needs for the rest of my life. And this is after I lost about 2/3 of it in the 2008 debacle. I suppose I could make more money by investing in real estate, but I’d have to learn how to do that, which always seemed like too much work and would make me feel guilty 

I understand your rage about rising wealth inequality. However, the stock market benefits 100% of Americans The stock market indirectly creates employment and maintains employment rate.Companies need money to pay for employee salary and healthcare. If a company is struggling, they can issue stocks to raise capital to expand (job creation) or to pay debt so they can continue to function and pay salaries. If you got rid of the S&amp;p500, a whole lot of Americans would be unemployed tomorrow!The s&amp;p500 represents the top 500 companies in AmericaThe stock market does not represent the real economy, bu

In terms of social benefit; Transactions are supposed to benefit those who are involved in the transaction, not society at large. I don’t support things like the government propping up Bear Stearns, bailouts, etc. But transactions are between those involved in the transaction.Markets allow expanded access to capital and investment. Back in 1900 it would be hard to get capital unless you have a wealthy friend or slowly built up your business over years. It would be similarly harder to invest in a business without purchasing shares of stock. The stock market allows a greater number of people to a

You have to think about the stock market as two separate things, both of which are required for it and business to be successful. First, it is a place where companies can go to get capital and investors. At one point every company whose stock is traded did an initial offering (or maybe a secondary offering) where investors traded cash for shares of the company. that capital allowed those companies to grow and hire. This is good for the nation, not just the investors (e.g. your erroneous characterization of the 1%, see my final comment) But alas you say, what does me selling a stock that IPO’d 20 

You ate lunch today. How does that benefit the rest of the 99.99999%? The stock market does not “require justification”. The stock market is a place for buyers and sellers of stock to meet. Long ago, before they were formalized, people used to meet in taverns and coffee houses to find people who were buying and selling those assets. Gains in the market are not guaranteed (this week: ask certain short-sellers about that). Whatever gains or losses there may be, non-equity holders have no interest in the gains or losses. … Of course, in more practical purposes, most retirement and pension plans are in 

Rightwing libertarians, conservatives, or economic liberals, how do you justify the stock market if the 1% capture most of the capital gains? How does the stock market even benefit the rest of the 99%? Of course, the question is asked loosely, right? Because the fact is, the top 50% have all seen tremendous wealth growth in the past 30 years.   Of course, some of that has been in real estate:  There is tremendous wealth in the United States. Still more than half of households have stocks in some form.  The stock market is justified by the fact that it is a pretty efficient allocator of capital. Not pe 

I'm not conservative, but instead a moderate. I don't think the stock market should be eliminated, but that it should be much more heavily regulated. The ipo's are good for companies that need to raise capital and they do allow for some ownership in part of a company for individuals that normally would not be able to own their own. I would like to see capital gains taxed as regular income to dissuade speculation. This would discourage some of the disparity and speculation. Short term sales also need more regulation. Stock options for ceo's and such need to be curbed or dissuaded. Stock preferenc 

The stock &amp; bond market benefit anyone who would like to retire some day. If you would prefer to work until you die, you have no need for a market to make investments in. The market is how pensions, 401ks, and IRAs can function and allow people to live off of the growth of their savings throughout their lifetime. The top one percent have a lot of money invested in the market, but that money is nothing compared to the collective money of individuals throughout the world who invest. To put it simply, the market supplies money to companies in place of loans, the company’s pay people, and those peop 

The premise of this question bothers me. It’s couched in terms of the stock market, but at its core are a few assumptions: 1. Your individual action must benefit everyone. If that is true, then merely failing to take individual action would somehow be “stealing” from everyone else: you can’t sleep in on Sunday - you owe the world that extra hour. 2. You get to dictate what counts as beneficial. What would the service sector do if there was nobody to buy their services? The landscapers benefit from having people that are too busy (or lazy) to handle their own landscaping. So stock traders that hi 

Okay, just fucking stop this bullshit of putting libertarians on your vile left-right spectrum! Libertarianism is the opposite of your vile left-right spectrum because the entire spectrum is equally authoritarian and equally statist, both of which are the opposite of libertarian. Frankly, I don't give a rat's ass about the legalized gambling known as the stock market; however, a lot of people who are in the 99% rightly do care about it. Why? Because their retirement funds and their children's college funds are tied into the stock market. But the stock market also helps companies raise money to p 

Can you explain like I'm five what happened with the GameStop stock?
Here is a short write-up of the story behind the GameStop thing that I wrote for my social network accounts back at the time the story was happening  The way I understand the story, GameStop, the company, was slowly dying a painful, prolonged death of a physical store in a digital world. The fact that their main business is/was selling physical box versions of digital goods just adds to both pain and irony. Quarantine didn't exactly help matters, but the company has been in decline since some time in mid-10s, stores closing, share price dropping etc. Here enters Reddit. For those who don't know,  

Yes. I will explain what happened to GameStop stock using graphs and analysis. SEC information, professional side information, and it will be in layman’s terms or I will provide an easy to understand meaning of a stock market term. This will take some time so plan on reading this when you have time and can read it slowly and not rush through glancing at it rather than reading it carefully. I will begin with some facts that most readers are not aware of or they have never heard before. Facts to start this answer: There are 3 pieces of information that come from the exchanges for each stock transact

 In 2019, Keith Gill decided to launch a campaign to save GameStop, which was being targeted for demise by Wall Street short-sellers. He bought a large position of the stock when it was $4 and began talking up his campaign on Reddit as “deepfuckingvalue” and on Youtube as “Roaring Kitty.” Gill believed they could push the value as high as $50. In August, 2020, he began pushing the idea of squeezing the short sellers by refusing to sell his shares and urging the gamers to “hold the line, we set the price.” The millennial gamers joined this campaign en mass (and suddenl 

Jack has 1,000 shares in GameStop. The stock price is only $1 but if GameStop goes bankrupt then it's money he can afford to lose. Jill wants to borrow Jack’s shares and hold them for a month. They will pay them $15 and will return the 1,000 shares at the end of the month. Jill gains custody of Jack’s shares and proceeds to immediately sell the 1,000 shares on the market for $1 and get’s $1,000 cash. They must still give the 1,000 shares back to Jack at the end of the month but at the market price. They are in a contract with Jack to that end. Jill’s rationale is that she thinks GameStop is goin 

Yes You can buy something called “stocks”. A stock is a little piece of a company. So if you buy some stocks in GameStop, you own a little bit of GameStop. The price of buying a stock goes up and down. If no-one buys stocks from a particular company, or that company is not doing very well, the price of that company’s stocks goes down. If the company is successful, or if a lot of people buy those stocks, the price goes up.  Now, you can do this funny thing called “shorting”. Shorting means you tell someone else “I will buy your stocks in this company, and then sell the same amount of stocks back to  

Let’s say that someone said to you, “Hey! You know the supermarket on the corner has some rotten tuna overpriced at $4/can. Let’s go buy some!” Being a savvy shopper, you say , “No thanks. Why would I buy rotten tuna at $4/can there when I can get new tuna at Giant for $1/can?” That’s informed market behavior, at least on your part.  Let’s say that your friend said instead, “Hey! Everyone is buying tuna. The price is going up, so if you buy some now, you can sell it on at a profit later.” That’s speculation. Omitting that the tuna is rotten may be fraudulent, especially if your friend knows that th 

Your school tuck shop sometimes runs out of $1 dollar chocolate bars. When they do, kids are so desperate they will pay $1.50 to a kid who has one. Imagine they’ve run out, everyone is looking to buy one. You are a smart kid, you know how things work, and you think there will be a delivery in half an hour, so you say to ten hungry kids “I’ll sell you one in half an hour for $1.50” and they agree and you all pinkie promise. Your plan is to wait until the delivery comes, buy ten at a $1 and sell them for $1.50 to these ten kids. Some little kids saw this. When the delivery comes in the little kids tha 

I will explain with Meme Thread | The Story Behind GameStop stock surge GameStop Corp (GME) is a struggling, mid-size retailer stuck in a legacy business selling physical video games. It is staring at Bankruptcy. Bcoz who goes to stores to buy games these day?  Player 1: Hedge funds Hedge funds try to force down the price of weak stocks like Gamestop, and SHORT the stock (betting it will go down). It usually works fine most of the time.Hedge funds have made billions shorting stocks in the past. First lets understand shorting Omkar on Twitter  You can buy shares of a company or you can “short” a compa 

Yu-Hsing Chen and David Turner is incorrect about the company. Consensus does not equal truth. The biggest money maker on Earth is knowing a secret truth pretty much everyone disagrees with. I actually bought GameStop stock way before WSB as a deep value contrarian play. I posted this on Facebook as well as discussing the same thesis with Dr. Ray Ng at the time so this wasn’t in hindsight. So basically in short for the ELI5: Delusional people in consensus think along the lines of Gamestop = BlockBuster * brick and mortar all dead to Amazon = short the stock (simplified version)I am a gamer and wh

Sure!  Nobody shops at Gamestop any more because you can buy video games cheaper online. Because of that (as of a few weeks ago), Gamestop stock prices are falling. Nobody wants to buy Gamestop stock because they probably will be going out of business soon. Basically, if buying stocks is like buying fruit, buying Gamestop stock is like buying rotten apples.  So investors can do this thing called short selling. If they know (or think) a stock is a rotten apple, they can borrow some stock and sell it right now for $2. And then in a month when the stock is just a pile of mush, they buy the stock for  

If Elon Musk has no salary in Tesla, how does he get the compensation packages and buy stock? How can a person do it too with their own company?
If someone has no experience investing money, what is your advice on the first steps they should do prior to investing and early on in investing?
Making your first investment can feel like a daunting prospect. Memories of the global financial crisis — and subsequent market dips — hang heavy for savers, particularly those who came of age during the 2008 downturn. Multiple studies point to millennials’ and Gen Z’s skepticism toward investing: One Bankrate report found that just 23% of those between 18 and 37 years of age saw the stock market as the best long-term money store. That’s compared to 33% of Gen X (those between 38 and 52 years old) and 38% of baby boomers (people between 54 and 74 years old). But with low, and in some places negat 

If you are paying someone for investment advice, make sure they are at least equally exposed to the risk they are advertising to you if they are not you have no guarantee that they are not just bullshitting you. For more see e.g. Skin in the Game (book)Skin in the Game: Hidden Asymmetries in Daily Life (acronymed: SITG) is a 2018 nonfiction book by Nassim Nicholas Taleb , a former options trader with a background in the mathematics of probability and statistics . Taleb's thesis is that skin in the game —i.e., having a measurable risk when taking a major decision—is necessary for fairness, commercial efficiency, and risk management, as well as being necessary to understand the world. [1] The book is part of Taleb's multi-volume philosophical essay on uncertainty, titled the Incerto , which also includes Fooled by Randomness (2001), The Black Swan (2007–2010), The Bed of Procrustes (2010–2016), and Antifragile (2012). The book is dedicated to "two men of courage": Ron Paul , [2] "a Roman among Greeks"; and Ralph Nader , [3] "Greco-Phoenician saint". [4] [5] Asymmetry and missing incentives Edit If an actor pockets some rewards from a policy they enact or support without accepting any of the risks, economists consider it to be a problem of "missing incentives". In contrast, to Taleb, the problem is more fundamentally one of asymmetry: one actor gets the rewards, the other is stuck with the risks. [1] Taleb argues that "For social justice, focus on symmetry and risk sharing. You cannot make profits and transfer the risks to others, as bankers and large corporations do... Forcing skin in the game corrects this asymmetry better than thousands of laws and regulations." [6] [7] [8] The centrality of negative incentives Edit Actors - per Taleb - must bear a cost when they fail the public. A fund manager that gets a percentage on wins, but no penalty for losing is incentivized to gamble with his clients funds. Bearing no downside for one's actions means that one has no "Skin In The Game", which is the source of many evils. An evolutionary process is an additional argument for SITG. Those who err and have SITG will not survive, hence evolutionary processes will eliminate (physically or figuratively by going bankrupt etc) those tending to do stupid things. Without SITG, this process cannot work. Robert Rubin , a highly-paid director and senior advisor at Citigroup , paid no financial penalty when Citigroup had to be rescued by U.S. taxpayers due to overreach . [7] Taleb calls this sort of a trade, with upside gain but no or limited downside risk, a "Bob Rubin trade." [9] Many war hawks don't themselves bear any risks of dying in a war they advocate. Intellectual Yet Idiot Edit Intellectual Yet Idiot (IYI) is a term coined by Nassim Nicholas Taleb in his essay by the same name that refers to the semi-intelligent well-pedigreed  "who are telling us 1) what to do, 2) what to eat, 3) how to speak, 4) how to think… and 5) who to vote for". They represent a very small minority of people but have an overwhelming impact on the vast majority because they affect government policy. IYI are often policy makers, academics, journalists, and media pundits. The IYI pathologizes others for doing things he doesn't understanhttps://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Skin_in_the_Game_(book) If you think you can trade with leverage, only by looking at prices and guessing price movements, go and get some historical data from e.g. alphavantage, write a program in which you can, buy and sell in real time -simulated using historical data. API Documentation | Alpha VantageAlpha Vantage APIs are grouped into four categories: (1) Time Series Stock APIs, (2) Fundamental Data, (3) Physical and Digital/Crypto Currencies (e.g., Bitcoin), and (4) Technical Indicators. Examples in this documentation are for demo purposes. Claim your free API key today to explore our full API offerings! Technical Indicators Technical indicator APIs for a given equity or currency exchange pair, derived from the underlying time series based stock API and forex data. All indicators are calculated from adjusted time series data to eliminate artificial price/volume perturbations from historical split and dividend events. SMA High Usage This API returns the simple moving average (SMA) values. See also: Investopedia article and mathematical reference . API Parameters ❚ Required: function The technical indicator of your choice. In this case, function=SMA ❚ Required: symbol The name of the security of your choice. For example: symbol=IBM ❚ Required: interval Time interval between two consecutive data points in the time series. The following values are supported: 1min , 5min , 15min , 30min , 60min , daily , weekly , monthly ❚ Required: time_period Number of data points used to calculate each moving average value. Positive integers are accepted (e.g., time_period=60 , time_period=200 ) ❚ Required: series_type The desired price type in the time series. Four types are supported: close , open , high , low ❚ Optional: datatype By default, datatype=json . Strings json and csv are accepted with the following specifications: json returns the daily time series in JSON format; csv returns the time series as a CSV (comma separated value) file. ❚ Required: apikey Your API key. Claim your free API key here . Examples (click for JSON output) Equity: https://www.alphavantage.co/query? function =SMA&amp; symbol =IBM&amp; interval =weekly&amp; time_period =10&amp; series_type =open&amp; apikey =demo Forex (FX) or cryptocurrency pair: https://www.alphavantage.co/query? function =SMA&amp; symbol =USDEUR&amp; interval =weekly&amp; time_period =10&amp; series_type =open&amp; apikey =demo EMA High Usage This API returns the exponential moving average (EMA) values. See also: mathematical reference . API Parameters ❚ Required: function The technical indicator of your choice. In this case, function=EMA ❚ Required: symbol The name of the security of your choice. For example: symbol=IBM ❚ Required: interval Time interval between two consecutive data points in the time series. The following values are supported: 1min , 5min , 15min , 30min , 60min , daily , weekly , monthly ❚ Required: time_period Number of data points used to calculate each moving average value. Positive integers are accepted (e.g., time_period=60 , time_period=200 ) ❚ Required: series_type The desired price type in the time series. Four types are supported: close , open , high , low ❚ Optional: datatype By default, datatype=json . Strings json and csv are accepted with the following specifications: json returns the daily time series in JSON formahttps://www.alphavantage.co/documentation/ Include spread and commission (look up prices). You wi 

It takes a lot of time to do strategic investing by yourself, so first check that it is something you want to do. People can park money in an ETF index fund like VOO, and do just fine. The below info is just what I did, and it worked well for me. There are free university- taught investment classes on Coursera for beginners that you should take (links below). You'll also want to use the courses to develop your financial literacy, so you are not depending on someone else for all your analysis. I would buy a textbook on investment, so you can see the many different forms your investment portfolio  

Regardless of whether you’re just starting to invest or you’ve been at it for several years, I believe the important ways to learn include books, experience, and mentors (in no particular order of priority). BooksBooks are not just meant to be read and digested passively. Make sure to read actively—highlight, take notes, and most importantly, APPLY what you read.Knowledge is not power; application is power!One of my favorite books when I first began investing is called The Most Important Thing by Howard Marks. It gives you good fundamentals for investing without too much complicated inves

Don’t trade, don’t practice trading, and don’t go over most books. I read various things for many years before stepping into the market. The most important thing I learned is that most people don’t know what the hell they’re talking about. Analysts will frequently get things extremely wrong. Look at analysts giving AMD and Netflix sell ratings in 2011–2013. Netflix was trading at around $10 a share and AMD was going bankrupt at $2–5 a share. These aren’t records that are off by a small margin of error or by a standard deviation. These companies trade at 50 times their share price between 2011–201 

Realistically, you can avoid most of the pitfalls of investing by: Reading and implementingDelegating to somebody who knows what they are doingWhat is the biggest reasons why investors, newbies and even experts fail? Lack of knowledge? Lack of ideas? No! Lack of implementation, especially during the bad periods. Emotional control is difficult in those periods. Let me make a comparison. If you go to medical school and study nutrition in your spare time, it doesn’t guarantee success in terms of weight and health. Only self-control can do that. That self-control gets harder after bad life events such 

Exhale. View it as a money garden that’s easy to grow. Buy a US index fund. That’s it. As Warren Buffett said, buy the index, up or down and if it’s down, try to buy more and don’t try to dance in and out.  Warren Buffett thinks the 'elite' have wasted $100 billion ignoring his best investment advice "Over the years, I've often been asked for investment advice, and in the process of answering I've learned a good deal about human behavior," Buffett said in the letter. "My regular recommendation has been a low-cost S&amp;P 500 index fund," he said. "To their credit, my friends who possess only modest means 

It depends on the individual. Everybody has different risk tolerance ,it depends on how ready you are to take a risk. I have seeing clients without investment experience throwing $100k on a Trade,whereas i have also seeing traders with low risk tolerance. So its on the individual. (1). The Risk tolerance of the individual is Number one for me (2). Getting a mentor or a coach (just like a start up business) (3). Try to connect with other Students of your mentor or coach You can either Trade for yourself or assign it to your mentor or coach(most usually charge up to 30% as commission). I have mentorshi 

Do not consume more than you produce. I repeat. Do not consume more than you produce. Attune yourself to your limited means. Do this, first. Become stronger, than yourself. Understand that order precedes expansion. Example- I do not go to the grocery store, until not some, not most, but all of the food in my home has been consumed and I am a wealthy man.The rational man is investing not “in the stock market” but into a well thought out, predetermined, goal, no differently than a football team is when they have the ball and are moving down the field. The rational man is moving purposefully from

I believe the first thing you should do is to learn about investing, particularly the kind of investment you want to get into. Education and information will be key to ensuring you put your money on the right investments. You can read books, watch videos, attend seminars, or find mentors who know more about the investment that you want to get into. Once you have enough knowledge and information about investing, you should first start small. Invest with money that you can afford to lose. Regardless of how much information or knowledge you have, do know that there are still risks involved in inve 

If you had $25,000 to invest in the stock market, how would you invest it?
Should I dump my stocks before the economy crashes from COVID-19?
Well, consider whether you’d “dump” the S&amp;P 500 during these points in time…  How about here?  Here?  Or… here?  Anyone who has a kindergarten education would know to buy the S&amp;P 500 at the lowest point and “dump” it at the highest point. But looking at a chart and saying I’ll buy here and sell there predicates the assumption that you’re trying to time the market. Which is easy to do in hindsight, but impossible to do for the future. Also, U.S. real GDP have been doing terribly in 2020. Take a look below…  But now, take a look at the S&amp;P 500 again during 2020…  The economy is still doing poorly, yet the S&amp;P 5 

Don’t…just don’t. You can’t time the market. Or more accurately, you probably aren’t good enough to time the market. If you are good enough, go right ahead, but the vast majority of people are better off consistently contributing to their 401k or other investments regardless of current conditions. I’ll provide my own cautionary tale. I have a degree in Economics. I mean, it’s a B.A. and it’s a minor because I suck at math, but I know history, concepts, and theory. I looked at the coronavirus recession and moved a decent sized chunk of my retirement into bonds and safe low yield investments as a 

The stock market does not mirror the economy. The market already crashed in February-March before the economy tanked (same with the Financial Crisis—the market hit bottom in 2009 and rallied while the economy was still in recession; in 1987, the market crashed and the economy did not).It depends on what stocks you own. Are the companies affected by the virus? If all you own are airlines, sit-down restaurants, hotels, casinos and cruise lines, you probably should take some profits now as they’ve run up, but save a few with the best balance sheets for an eventual recovery. (For example: NCLH’s C

This is not professional financial advice as I’m not qualified to give it, you should do your own due diligence. The world has a huge debt problem that is being made worse by the shutdown of the economy and the massive money printing in most countries. With so many businesses shut down the economy has ground to a halt, the money printing is giving the appearance of ‘business as usual’ but it’s nothing like that and probably will not go back to where it was in December 2019. All the gains in the stock market since the GFC have been because of the ever decreasing interest rates. Individuals and co 

Well your timing is interesting. We are in the midst of three crisis, health, political and financial. Solving any one of them will not avoid damage from the other two. The misjudgment currently is that we can print money and defeat the virus. The political and financial have been building for some time. The president will try to push us into civil war to be reelected by dividing us over the issue. The Federal Reserve will double the size of the deficit causing a major funding problem event, and the virus will probably not go away leading most people to drop safety issues, causes suffering and 

Please think carefully before you invest or disinvest. I do not know anything about your financial situation, employment, earnings, age, dependents, or health. There are always bulls and bears and no clear answers. Let's look at the two. The pandemic caused the markets to crash. A lot of people believe that stocks are priced at more reasonable prices now and that it is a good time to get in for the long term. Stock markets crash at times but always continue to rise and break new highs; it is just a question of time. Governments around the world are trying to provide plenty of stimuli to help busi 

The US has a vast economy with millions of skilled people in the workforce. There will always be opportunities with those ingredients. After WWII, Germany and Japan were devastated, but they had the skilled people ( but not the natural resources). Both countries came back economically. Many of the prewar companies thrived. In 1945 if you had bought Bayer, Krupp, Siemens, Mitsubishi, Mercedes or Volkswagen, you would have gotten incredible bargains and would be rich today. The Wuhan virus is not remotely as devastating as losing a war and getting bombed to smithereens, so there is no reason to t 

Basically, Ryan, my answer is No. I know it is pretty difficult to have faith in anything these days, but overall the Market(s) are holding up and providing shareholders with income. I talked with my Banker yesterday and it is looking good that I shall have the money to be able to buy a house next year for my Primary Residence. There is always money to be made even in a crisis the magnitude of COVID-19. Any company that even remotely makes or markets or distributes or sells products related to COVID-19 is going to make some revenue and be profitable. This can be on the retail side such as phar 

This will only hurt a little bit. Nobody cares what you do. Nobody. Why? Because the only person you are affecting, by your decision, is yourself. This is the beginning of wisdom. Thus my advice to you is to make damn sure your reasoning is grounded in logic and arithmetic before, not after, you hit that sell button. Because if you are wrong, if you have not bothered to give equal weight to the other side of your own assumptions with the seriousness that it deserves, and you are wrong, then you will regret your decision to sell for the rest of your life. Make no mistake. Let there be no doubt in your 

Sure sounds like a great idea. What is your criteria for deciding a crash is immanent? How accurate has that been? Can you make money that way? Can you save money dumping your stocks? The problem is crashes are caused by sudden, unexpected events that catches investors by surprise. Not predictable. Not actionable before hand except for having sell stops in place to limit damage. That is how I handle the issue. And I never have more than 7% of my capital at risk at any time. I diversify in industries and over time. I don’t buy all at once. Buy the time I am fully in the market the vast majority  

What is the role of patience in the stock market investing?
Larry Page has almost $40B, but only $60M (75,000 shares) of that is in GOOG stock. According to sources, Sergey Brin has nearly 21 million shares of GOOG stock, yet both are worth almost $40B. Where is the rest of Page’s money invested?
Are dividend paying stocks worth buying?
On average, with very large portfolios over very long periods of time, dividend paying stocks outperform non-dividend paying stocks. On the other hand, in a taxable account, dividend-paying stocks usually have a tax disadvantage. From a pure investment perspective, your main concern should be total return, dividends plus capital gains. A useful financial identity is your total return will equal the D+R&amp;#x00D7;&amp;#x03C1;" role="presentation" style="position: relative;">D+R×ρD+R×ρD+R\times\rho where D" role="presentation" style="position: relative;">DDD = dividend yield, R" role="presentation" style="position: relative;">RRR = company’s return on equity and &amp;#x03C1;" role="presentation" style="position: relative;">ρρ\rho = the retention ratio, or 1&amp;#x2212;D/E" role="presentation" style="position: relative;">1−D/E1−D/E1-D/E where E" role="presentation" style="position: relative;">EEE = earnings. For example, suppose you are comparing Microsoft to Tesla. Microsoft  

Should I buy Stocks just for dividends? 1: If you want to pay all your monthly bills: Here I’ll give my three top dividend stocks. I usually charge for this but I give all my Quorians preferential treatment so listen up.  IEP: 10.04% dividend. This is not for the faint of heart. Carl Icahn is one of the few billionaire traders. This is his company. Look how the 10 year chart goes. After the crash of 2008 it maintains and comes back nicely.   MO: 5.09% dividend here. Tobacco giant.  Always check the 10 year chart performance. Here we have smooth sailing. MO goes back 40 years I think; decades of gains. 

I would say yes as long as the company is paying a reasonable dividend. I would suggest avoiding stocks with an unusually high dividend. The theory behind choosing stocks that don’t pay a dividend is that the company can reinvest the money they would use to pay a dividend and grow the company faster than if they gave it to the stockholders. In the case of a young fast growing company like Facebook that may be true but for many companies they have all the access to capital they need to grow the company. Let me get a little personal here to illustrate the next point that I want to make. A few year 

Yes...  and no.   There is a place for them (probably) in your portfolio.  Probably they should not be all your portfolio.   One of our investment strategies has been to buy quality dividend paying stocks with good dividend reinvestment plans and basically let them run on autopilot over many years, paying the income taxes out if earned income.   This is not a trading strategy.  It's mainly a conservative buy and hold until you sell.  If you do this be sure to keep good records.   Calculating your basis is a lot of fun (fun the way a root canal is an interesting experience) especially with splits 

When it comes to long-term wealth creation, dividend paying stocks can be a great option to invest in. Let’s take a look at some compelling reasons why you should consider investing in them. They’re a major source of passive incomeDividend stocks periodically and consistently distribute their profits out to their shareholders. This gives you a regular source of income that you can fall back on. Similar to how you get interest payments from your bank deposits, investing in dividend stocks also provides you with guaranteed returns on your investment. They’re less prone to market volatilityWith div 

Hi Traders/Investors, I will discuss Pros and Cons of dividends investing strategy : Whatever you do, don’t buy stocks that aren’t expected to appreciate in the future.For instance, if a company pays 5% dividend, but the stock price falls to half, you will be left with 2.5% dividend, along with a loss of capital.Pros: Probably the only investment that gives a regular income as well as a chance of capital appreciationCapital appreciation in the stock market is notional till you book it. Dividends put money in your pockets.Cons: Dividends can give you a regular income, but keep in mind that the stoc

Some people say valuing dividend paying stocks more than the one which don’t it’s foolish. I don’t share the same idea and I find the dividend to be a crucial factor in an investment activity. Why? Dividend is directly related to company’s performance. If the company performs well it generates enough earnings that after the capital expenditure is spent there is still surplus which can be distributed to shareholders. Market sentiment has nothing to do with this and the dividend is like the investor’s salary. Theoretically, the share price can go to 0 because Mr Market went crazy, you still get  

Yes. I believe they are worth buying. But let’s not get delusional about certain realities: You aren’t going to go from rages to riches overnight just because you invest in dividend stocks;Stocks whose dividend are too high are usually screaming “DANGER;”The price of every stock will fluctuate.For investors looking to gradually build a portfolio of companies that pay dividends but are reasonably resistant to market fluctuations, look over the Dividend Kings and Dividend Aristocrats. Several ETFs focus on these, notably NOBL and VIG. What’s notable about these companies is that they have increased  

One of the most important things you need to recognize is that wealth gets created by finding the greatest amount of net-of-tax returns. This makes dividend investing a poor fit for high earnings in taxable accounts, particularly those in high-tax states like California. A lawyer in California has no business buying AT&amp;T stock so that he can pay 23.8% taxes to the federal government for each dividend and 13.3% to the state of California as well. Someone putting 100 shares of AT&amp;T into a retirement account might earn 10% annually while the California lawyer only reaps 6-7% on the exact same ass 

First let us talk about the Dividends. Dividend is that part which you can get after company left any profit in its hand after paying all the expenses and taxes and all other things. And it is all in Board of Directors hand whether they want to distribute Dividend or Not. And even if company did not give you dividend you can not take any action against it. If for example a share has Face Value Rs.10. And you have 100 shares of that company, and company declared a dividend of 20% then you will get Rs.200 as dividend, doesn’t matter if it’s current market price is 100 or 1000 or even in Lakhs. You 

S&amp;P 500 always goes up in the long term. Is it a good idea to invest in a 3X bull ETF based on S&amp;P 500?
What's the biggest mistake that stock market investors make?
In my experience, the biggest mistake stock market investors make is they have no idea how to evaluate a stock. The reason most retail investors (+90% according to some estimates) lose money is they don’t understand the fundamentals of what they’re investing in. People spend more time researching the purchase of a new car than they do putting the same amount of money (or more) into buying stocks. They buy shares in firms whose names they recognize, brands they like, or dubious stock tips they saw on TV or read about online. They chase investing trends and “hot stocks” because they have a fear o 

As a professional investor, I am consistently amazed at the “expert” recommendations bandied about the internet. Most of these “expert” recommendations are naive and foolish, so rather than build a more academic list (which I have done before) I am going to take this opportunity to fight back against these dangerous and foolish “recommendations”! 1. Investing in IPOs.Let’s be VERY clear about what an initial public offering is NOT. It is NOT “the ground floor” of a company. The ground floor was the Series A investment by the Venture Capital firms. You are not getting in on the “ground floor” w 

A famous story about stock market :-Once upon a time in a small town, there were two brothers. They used to sell “Fuchkaa”. They were earning good amount of money for their daily expenses. One day, One man passed by their stalls. He met these two brothers and talked to them. He told them an idea to become a millionaire. Both brothers were on cloud 9. They wanted to listen the idea. So, they requested him to tell the idea in details. He agreed but wanted 30% in return of what they would earn profits. They agreed and deal was done. Name of brothers were : Prem and Prakash. And, let’s say his na 

Here are my views about common mistakes to avoid while building an investment portfolio. Making portfolio work for us Do not put all eggs in one basket – so goes an old investment saying. While aiming for rewards, risks need to be managed too. Diversifying risks with a portfolio is what all of us (including the big fund managers) do but there are few aspects (learned hard way) which help us get make portfolio perform better. Portfolio theory is as old as investment theory itself. I am not intending to change anything there but I would like to touch upon practical aspects and some of the best prac 

Short answer: lack exit plan. The only soldiers who go to combat w/o an exit plan are Kamikaze. They don’t need one because they expect to die. Unfortunately so do a lot of market participants. The apparent simplicity of the answer hides sophisticated concepts that can be broken down in two part: statistical and psychological trading edge I Statistical trading edge A Stock picking is overrated Most market participants believe that stock picking is the alpha and omega of alpha generation. Stock picking is merely everything that precedes entry. It excludes bet size and exit. Unfortunately, stock pic 

Hi, There are a lot of people that believe stock market is a speculation market, or gambling, if you may. But if you ask a professional, they will tell you completely otherwise. No doubt there is a little bit of speculation involved, but it is more about fundamentals and rules that you must rely on in order to succeed in stock market. Most people fail because they trade as gamblers. I am going to list a few other reasons hereon, kindly read below: No StoplossesPeople fail to realise the importance of stoplosses. For the uninitiated, stop loss in a trade is the lower limit that you can set while b 

Nobody gets investing right all the time. Even successful investors and experienced traders have to shake off common mistakes now and then. Because it’s next to impossible to avoid mistakes completely, successful practitioners learn from their missteps to minimize them in the future. The good news is that most of these mistakes can be avoided simply through awareness. We will take a look at the most common mistakes here: Lacking The Confidence To Get Started This is a mistake I made early on. Before I started investing on my own, I had a money manager who invested my money in mutual funds. I didn’ 

The biggest mistake investors make is that they tend to do things at the wrong time, and often the worst possible time. That’s a phrasing of the phenomenon that I borrowed from Marc Faber, but the following thoughts are my own. Martin Armstrong talks about one Japanese client he had who became interested in Armstrong’s work (Armstrong called the 1989 high pretty much to the day). The client had never invested in stocks before, but somehow was persuaded by an argument that seasonality meant the market would always go up during a certain period, and he ended up buying the high (and my guess is no 

Thanks for the A2A. It depends on the type of investor: Day Traders These are people who know nothing and know they know nothing, but still want to play the market. They are constantly brainwashed by Wall St, CNBC, financial advisors, discount brokers, Forex platforms, YouTube channels, etc. After all the media bombardment and reading candlestick patterns these poor souls start to think that they have figured out what to do. They become delusional and make the mistake of thinking that a guy at home in his pajamas can consistently make profits and compete with major Investment Banks , High-Frequen 

Gamboling in the markets is in equal parts an enterprise involving right psychology, right skills and right information. While there is help to counter the lack of information, psychology and skill sets are investors’ to manage. Following are some of the common investor missteps: Myth: Stock market is only about data and information. It requires first-degree decision making (I look at data in absolutes and take a decision)Sentiment. Stock market runs on it. The emotions of the millions of investors is the fuel that powers this big, bad engine. Investors, who believe that we live in a world run b 

Is investing in big tech companies stocks the best choice for a long-term investment?
If you had $25,000 to invest in the stock market, how would you invest it?
Should I dump my stocks before the economy crashes from COVID-19?
Well, consider whether you’d “dump” the S&amp;P 500 during these points in time…  How about here?  Here?  Or… here?  Anyone who has a kindergarten education would know to buy the S&amp;P 500 at the lowest point and “dump” it at the highest point. But looking at a chart and saying I’ll buy here and sell there predicates the assumption that you’re trying to time the market. Which is easy to do in hindsight, but impossible to do for the future. Also, U.S. real GDP have been doing terribly in 2020. Take a look below…  But now, take a look at the S&amp;P 500 again during 2020…  The economy is still doing poorly, yet the S&amp;P 5 

Don’t…just don’t. You can’t time the market. Or more accurately, you probably aren’t good enough to time the market. If you are good enough, go right ahead, but the vast majority of people are better off consistently contributing to their 401k or other investments regardless of current conditions. I’ll provide my own cautionary tale. I have a degree in Economics. I mean, it’s a B.A. and it’s a minor because I suck at math, but I know history, concepts, and theory. I looked at the coronavirus recession and moved a decent sized chunk of my retirement into bonds and safe low yield investments as a 

The stock market does not mirror the economy. The market already crashed in February-March before the economy tanked (same with the Financial Crisis—the market hit bottom in 2009 and rallied while the economy was still in recession; in 1987, the market crashed and the economy did not).It depends on what stocks you own. Are the companies affected by the virus? If all you own are airlines, sit-down restaurants, hotels, casinos and cruise lines, you probably should take some profits now as they’ve run up, but save a few with the best balance sheets for an eventual recovery. (For example: NCLH’s C

This is not professional financial advice as I’m not qualified to give it, you should do your own due diligence. The world has a huge debt problem that is being made worse by the shutdown of the economy and the massive money printing in most countries. With so many businesses shut down the economy has ground to a halt, the money printing is giving the appearance of ‘business as usual’ but it’s nothing like that and probably will not go back to where it was in December 2019. All the gains in the stock market since the GFC have been because of the ever decreasing interest rates. Individuals and co 

Well your timing is interesting. We are in the midst of three crisis, health, political and financial. Solving any one of them will not avoid damage from the other two. The misjudgment currently is that we can print money and defeat the virus. The political and financial have been building for some time. The president will try to push us into civil war to be reelected by dividing us over the issue. The Federal Reserve will double the size of the deficit causing a major funding problem event, and the virus will probably not go away leading most people to drop safety issues, causes suffering and 

Please think carefully before you invest or disinvest. I do not know anything about your financial situation, employment, earnings, age, dependents, or health. There are always bulls and bears and no clear answers. Let's look at the two. The pandemic caused the markets to crash. A lot of people believe that stocks are priced at more reasonable prices now and that it is a good time to get in for the long term. Stock markets crash at times but always continue to rise and break new highs; it is just a question of time. Governments around the world are trying to provide plenty of stimuli to help busi 

The US has a vast economy with millions of skilled people in the workforce. There will always be opportunities with those ingredients. After WWII, Germany and Japan were devastated, but they had the skilled people ( but not the natural resources). Both countries came back economically. Many of the prewar companies thrived. In 1945 if you had bought Bayer, Krupp, Siemens, Mitsubishi, Mercedes or Volkswagen, you would have gotten incredible bargains and would be rich today. The Wuhan virus is not remotely as devastating as losing a war and getting bombed to smithereens, so there is no reason to t 

Basically, Ryan, my answer is No. I know it is pretty difficult to have faith in anything these days, but overall the Market(s) are holding up and providing shareholders with income. I talked with my Banker yesterday and it is looking good that I shall have the money to be able to buy a house next year for my Primary Residence. There is always money to be made even in a crisis the magnitude of COVID-19. Any company that even remotely makes or markets or distributes or sells products related to COVID-19 is going to make some revenue and be profitable. This can be on the retail side such as phar 

This will only hurt a little bit. Nobody cares what you do. Nobody. Why? Because the only person you are affecting, by your decision, is yourself. This is the beginning of wisdom. Thus my advice to you is to make damn sure your reasoning is grounded in logic and arithmetic before, not after, you hit that sell button. Because if you are wrong, if you have not bothered to give equal weight to the other side of your own assumptions with the seriousness that it deserves, and you are wrong, then you will regret your decision to sell for the rest of your life. Make no mistake. Let there be no doubt in your 

Sure sounds like a great idea. What is your criteria for deciding a crash is immanent? How accurate has that been? Can you make money that way? Can you save money dumping your stocks? The problem is crashes are caused by sudden, unexpected events that catches investors by surprise. Not predictable. Not actionable before hand except for having sell stops in place to limit damage. That is how I handle the issue. And I never have more than 7% of my capital at risk at any time. I diversify in industries and over time. I don’t buy all at once. Buy the time I am fully in the market the vast majority  

Should I wait for the economy to crash before investing?
Always be invested. And always be investing. Throughout the rest of your lifetime, the market will continue to go up no matter what our politicians do or what the market has been doing the past 10 years. Business owners know far more about making profits and handling money than 99% of the people who make financial decisions for us whether it be agents of the government (there are some who have done extremely well for themselves and their families, including the Pelosi’s and the Feinstein’s, but not so much for the rest of us) or financial advisers who take anywhere from 1% to 6% of your principl 

Let’s take a look at the S&amp;P 500 and see whether you’d be able to wait for the economy to crash before investing any capital. Be honest to yourself as you answer these questions below… Would you invest in the S&amp;P 500 during the red circle (Exhibit A)?  How about here (Exhibit B)?  How about here (Exhibit C)?  How about here (Exhibit D)?  Finally, how about here (Exhibit E)?  If you have any common sense at all, you would have probably invested money when the S&amp;P 500 was trading at its March 24th, 2020 bottom (Exhibit C). But this is only because of the perfect vision we call hindsight. Now, look again. Witho 

 No. No one can time the market, you need to always have some sort of position in the market, but that doesn’t mean you shouldn’t have a cash or precious metals position so you can take advantage of market down turns. In an episode of Investors Therapy I talked about the importance of having a cash position. When Buffet speaks you should listen. I want to highlight 2 excerpts from his annual shareholder’s letter. …Our aversion to leverage has dampened our returns over the years. But Charlie and I sleep well. Both of us believe it is insane to risk what you have and need in order to obtain what you 

Well some people do, some people don’t. It’s really up to you and what your plans are or if you have certain financial goals. It’s good you are asking such questions. This means you are researching and curious enough to know more. First things first, make sure you have a solid financial standing. Meaning you have to have savings, emergency fund/s, insurance and a constant stream of income. Depending on your financial status in life, you will be able to determine how and what’s the best way to invest. There are many ways to invest too, it can be for short, medium or long term. If you wait for the 

I will start by saying I am not a professional, but I have been active in the market for two years so far. Depends on your age or time you want to keep the money in the market. If older or shorter investment period ( smaller then 5 10 years) I would wait, invest in some fixed income and once a recession hits start dollar cost averaging into the market. Personally I left the market last October and only dollar cost average inverse products small amounts and will start rejoining once a recession is in progress. I do not mind waiting a year or two. Joining at the top of a cycle may mean waiting at l 

Mostly don’t wait. Keep at least 10% of your portfolio in cash to be applied if and as the market drops. The more imminent or deep you think the crash is or will be, the more money you should keep in cash, however always noting that, as the great Bogle said, “nobody knows nothin’,” so maybe set 50% as max cash. Here’s one way to invest when you think there’s a serious risk of recession: Buy stocks with good dividends where “good” means strong balance sheet, divvy is at least 3%, preferably 5+% (not difficult these days). Either research the companies or (my preference), diversify so if a few sti 

I am going to tell you about one of my closest friends. I am not going to mention his full, or even first name, as he does follow me on Quora and know he reads many of my answers. But I know he doesn’t mind me telling this story, provided I don’t mention his name. He was one of the few people in my network to successfully predict 2008–2009. However, even during March 2009, the lows for markets at 7.300, he wanted to wait until `further falls`. Then markets hit 10,000 in 2010. He thought it was a dead cat bounce. By 2013 or so, he was even more worried. Markets were at 14,000. Record highs! Higher t 

The most lavish investment occurs in the last manic phase of a bubble, whether in housing or the stock market. Greenspan called it “irrational exuberance.” I remember my ex-son-in-law, who had just attended a “seminar” on buying homes in 2006. He told me to buy a home in Florida, because the price had gone up 10% three years in a row. “I guarantee it will go up another 10% this year,” he assured me. I responded: the fact that it has gone up 10% 3 years in a row is exactly the reason not to buy a house but rather to sell it. He then sold his house in Southern California… a small concrete block hou 

You should! In fact I know someone who has been doing it consistently for years now. His name is David and he is the father of a friend of mine. You would be astonished to know that David was also able to predict the 2008 recession. In the last four decades he has been able to pinpoint market bottoms almost every single year barring a couple.  Does that sound ridiculous already ? Yes! Because it is! And David is from fictions not fact. Because no one. Yes, absolutely no one can predict a crash (be it in the stock market or the economy overall) in real time. Did you know ? That the early signs of the 200 

Here is AMD in 2008:  2008 was the worst economic pullback since the Great Depression. AMD was relatively unaffected. Here is Netflix:  Here is Nvidia:  The market itself does not matter. It’s just a thing invented by a group of people who are attempting to portray market health. That portrayal is usually a composition of companies that are already succeeding. In fact, even the best indices are poor indicators of anything other than a few companies that are leading that push. When the indices need to be recomposed, terrible companies are replaced with ones that are doing well. You’ll always have the sembl 

Is the stock market going into free fall due to covid 19 round 2?
How would a quant trade their personal account if they were day trading?
How do you model for local volatility surface corresponding to the implied volatility surface (local volatility, quant)?
What is the role of patience in the stock market investing?
Is Olymp Trade reliable in Mexico?
Is trading Forex really worth it?
Yes, it is. I’ve never lived a better life than I do now as a trader. No, one can make much more than 20% annually. People like to think in percentages way too much. Let me explain: People look at the percentage of what a so-called pro-trader does, not realising that the market isn’t infinite and the size of your trade has a significant impact on how you can carry a trade out. These people who are managing really big pots can’t go in and out like I do, they are like a big and heavy lorry transporting building parts to an Airbus factory through narrow streets somewhere in France. I prefer to be  

Trading is something that many people avoid right as they start. This is due to them not being mentally prepared as to how hard it actually is. Forex in particular, which requires a lot of knowledge about the available tools and different industries to determine price points in the future. I’ll be as brutally honest as possible. In the beginning, you are going to lose most of your deposits until you are able to make any profits. Usually, if people start off on a good foot in Forex right from the get-go, it’s mostly due to them simply being lucky. And being lucky is not a good teacher. I believe  

Forex trading worth it if you truly want to learn it. If you just want to copy someone else’s tradings, or have algorithms doing the job for you then you will have a painful way ahead. The problem with FOREX is that there is a HUGE community of LEECHES who could not make a living or substantial profit trading for themselves but want to sell every single possible service of product out there to “HELP” you with your trading, promising exponential gains and showing manipulated back-test results, they even take popular trading strategies and concepts re-branding as their own. Same applies to Exper 

The truth is, it depends. But here is the good news… it depends on you. A lot of people trying to profit from the Forex market fail to realize that there expectations and goals have a lot to do with their success. So, if they have realistic expectations and achievable goals, Forex can be very profitable and definitely “worth it”. Let me give you an example… Suppose you decided you want to run a mile in under 2 minutes. Try as you might, you are never going to reach your goal. However, if your goal is to run a mile in 8 minutes… you should definitely be able to reach your goal. So, it is important  

So it is. I have never lived a better life than now as a trader. No, you can earn much more than 20% per year. People like to think very percentage. Let me explain: People look at the percentage of what the so-called pro-trader does, not realizing that the market is not infinite, and the size of your trade has a significant impact on how you can make a replacement. Those people who manage really large pots can not enter and leave like me, they are like a big and heavy truck transporting parts of buildings to the Airbus factory with narrow streets somewhere in France. I prefer to be a London tax 

There is no yes or no answer to this question. It depends on your personal situation, and on how well you are doing after about 2 years of trading - before this time it is hard to accurately determine if trading is for you. This question should be addressed to the 5% that are doing it profitably and making a living from trading; the other 95% of traders are spending time and money. Two kinds of trading (over time): Trading for a living, which is very hard, but can be very rewarding.Trading as a hobby - it is always unprofitable.I personally know several traders that were in that 5% of profitabilit 

Yes, it is. What’s the catch? Learn how to do it right. Of course, this is easier said than done but the reality is that if you think by using the common technical analysis tools available for everyone, you’ll make millions, then you will not last 1 month before you wipe out your account. Before explaining how to do the right way, here’s a quick no-no list: No, there are no 93% hit ratio guaranteed FOREX strategies, invest with us now, you’ll make lots of money.Do not respond to anyone who has a screenshot of one profitable trade he had 4 years ago.When you see descriptions like this “Manages 

Forex is a great way to make extra cash, the market has very high liquidity, and it helps you learn a lot about the world. However, there are also drawbacks you should consider before deciding to enter the currency market. What Are the Advantages of Trading Forex? The Currency Market Offers a Unique Way To Earn Extra Income Trading Forex can be a great way to earn some extra money as prepared and experienced traders should farewell and be able to profit from their exchanges. The large time window of the currency market’s trading sessions makes it much easier to have a job in addition to trading Fo 

Let’s consider first where you are going to be in 5 years, investing $500 with a 20% profit per year, reinvesting your profit year by year: First year: $600Second year: $720Third year: $864Fourth year: $1036.80Fifth year: $1244.16 Now I would consider 2 different questions: Is trading Forex really worth it if I want to earn some money in a couple of years? Of course the answer is no! The math shows that what you can expect to earn in a couple of years, you can earn in a couple of week ends as a waiter in a restaurant.Is trading Forex really worth it if I want to learn how to invest my money t

It depends of you and what life style you want. Some people want a life with no stress a house a car a familly and a 9 to 5 job. If you are serious about trading, I can tell you right now you will have to put all (and I mean ALL) of your life at risk. In the short term: You will lose friends because you will have no time for them and won’t understand why you are working so muchYou will lose sleep, because forex is like a new companie if you want to be succesful you have to put in the workI will make far less than the minimum wage (and even lose money sometimes)You will start douting yourself, yo

I got a margin call this morning for the first time. How long will I be given to cover before a sell off? Can I request for an extension if the time expires?
Are we going to see a stock market crash in July or August worse than the March 2020 crash?
 Angela Merkel, the chancellor of Germany has said that we could face the largest economic crisis since the second world war. She voiced fears that people do not appreciate what it will mean to slump into the “deepest recession since the second world war”, as EU leaders clashed over a recovery fund for the countries hit hardest by the coronavirus pandemic. During a video conference call among the 27 heads of state and government, the German chancellor gave her backing to the French president, Emmanuel Macron’s call for agreement before the summer holidays on a €750bn rescue package. Merkel said Eu 

Seen answers, very interesting. Maybe it should be clarified first, and anyone should decide for himself, what is a crash? -10% in a week? -20% over 2 months? -30% over half a year? My opinion: Yes, stock markets will go lower, reaching March lows, but NO crash worse than March, rather a bear market from now to the end of 2020. Considerations: Past month I realized that the market capitalization of Apple alone is worth more the ENTIRE German DAX that includes companies s BMW, Deutsche Bank, Bayer, Mercedes. It’s astonishing! One US company worth more market cap than all 30 DAX companies representi

You can’t time the market. Market crashes when nobody has money left to uplift the economy. This includes major federal banks, country emergency funds, etc.. Right now all major countries are accumulating gold in the anticipation of economic cries. Also, they are releasing trillion-dollar stimulus packages to avoid a potential crash. Here is some analysis that tells market crash can happen in early 2021.  from 1925 to 2020, gold multiplied approx 11 times. Since gold is considered as the standard physical asset (currency notes are not the real asset), the gold price is the ideal standard of infla 

You have to understand, it will make no difference because the “other” thing will be a million times worse than a stock market crash, I actually explained it to a very good friend and one of the few people I would trust in the world, within the weeks but likely sooner we expect the world will descend in to chaos but, they will have no idea why, it will be a necessary action with no quantifiable metric to understand the trigger point, and for good reason, the dynamics do not allow anyone who has not perfected “life” to come anywhere close to understanding, the world will be acting on animalisti 

Next time somebody claims to know where the stock market is going, do three simple things: Research their name. So if it is a famous person, look at their previous predictions made over a number of years. Make sure the sample is big enough and long enough over many decades. Do the same for Quora users claiming to be more sensible than the entire market.Then, work out how much money you would have made, following their advice. There are some online calculators for that.Then, work out how much money you would have made if you would have had a buy, hold and rebalance approach, including re-investi

First of all, I am not a financial planner. Just a guy that’s been investing in the stock market for 40 years and trying my best to understand “Mr. Market”. There are no doubt many people who hope it does crash again, because they missed buying at the March 23rd low and want their chance to correct their mistake. There are several key factors that make a crash less likely and in fact might cause the market to head even higher for some time. But there are also some risk factors that might cause a reversal. Arguments for a continued market climb: I’ll start with the tired and trite factor of There I

First of all I would like to present you some present scenario of global macros and our markets: NIFTY trading in distribution zone. As you can see in the pic NIFTY for past few weeks trading in distribution zone. 2. Despite market recovery GOLD continues to shine.  There’s a perception that market and GOLD can’t go hand in hand. But this time market’s aren’t following its rules. Both NIFTY and GOLD is rising. Rising GOLD indicates that there is still uncertainty. 3. No buying from institutional investors  In the month of July DII’s which generally used to support the markets are net sellers. Also buy 

It's an extremely strong possibility. I don't know if it will happen in July or August 2020, but I think it will happen in the coming months. The current situation is not sustainable with a total disconnection between the financial markets and the real economy. Eventually, I see the financial markets reconnecting to the real economy by falling sharply. The most worrying thing is that the coronavirus pandemic is back on track in most American states, with a record number of cases detected per day:  Dr. Fauci has just said that if real action is not taken, we are heading for disaster in the coming we 

There is a distinct possibility of another downturn in the upcoming months. The global economies rely on consumer spending and that is just not happening right now, nor will it happen for a long time. People are rightly scared and are saving their money or just paying off bills…this is not consumer spending. Mass unemployment will remain very high, wealth gaps will increase, consumer spending will remain muted and governments and companies will be largely indebted beyond what they can manage (becoming zombies basically). An exceptionally deep recession is now baked into the economy regardless o 

Investment Golden Rule #1: Don’t bet against Buffet. He thinks it could go 50% lower and hasn’t been buying for months now. When business grants run out and corporations are free to lay people off the unemployment rate will get even higher. It’s just the (crazy?) Fed printing money/buying business debt and Amazon ($3,200 a share!) holding it all together. The DOW companies average an evaluation of 28x their earnings. Investors that thought and still think it will be a V-shaped recovery are simply idiotic. The disconnect between self-delusion at the top and the reality of almost everyone’s lives 

Who are the most notorious hedge fund managers?
What's the biggest mistake that stock market investors make?
In my experience, the biggest mistake stock market investors make is they have no idea how to evaluate a stock. The reason most retail investors (+90% according to some estimates) lose money is they don’t understand the fundamentals of what they’re investing in. People spend more time researching the purchase of a new car than they do putting the same amount of money (or more) into buying stocks. They buy shares in firms whose names they recognize, brands they like, or dubious stock tips they saw on TV or read about online. They chase investing trends and “hot stocks” because they have a fear o 

As a professional investor, I am consistently amazed at the “expert” recommendations bandied about the internet. Most of these “expert” recommendations are naive and foolish, so rather than build a more academic list (which I have done before) I am going to take this opportunity to fight back against these dangerous and foolish “recommendations”! 1. Investing in IPOs.Let’s be VERY clear about what an initial public offering is NOT. It is NOT “the ground floor” of a company. The ground floor was the Series A investment by the Venture Capital firms. You are not getting in on the “ground floor” w 

A famous story about stock market :-Once upon a time in a small town, there were two brothers. They used to sell “Fuchkaa”. They were earning good amount of money for their daily expenses. One day, One man passed by their stalls. He met these two brothers and talked to them. He told them an idea to become a millionaire. Both brothers were on cloud 9. They wanted to listen the idea. So, they requested him to tell the idea in details. He agreed but wanted 30% in return of what they would earn profits. They agreed and deal was done. Name of brothers were : Prem and Prakash. And, let’s say his na 

Here are my views about common mistakes to avoid while building an investment portfolio. Making portfolio work for us Do not put all eggs in one basket – so goes an old investment saying. While aiming for rewards, risks need to be managed too. Diversifying risks with a portfolio is what all of us (including the big fund managers) do but there are few aspects (learned hard way) which help us get make portfolio perform better. Portfolio theory is as old as investment theory itself. I am not intending to change anything there but I would like to touch upon practical aspects and some of the best prac 

Short answer: lack exit plan. The only soldiers who go to combat w/o an exit plan are Kamikaze. They don’t need one because they expect to die. Unfortunately so do a lot of market participants. The apparent simplicity of the answer hides sophisticated concepts that can be broken down in two part: statistical and psychological trading edge I Statistical trading edge A Stock picking is overrated Most market participants believe that stock picking is the alpha and omega of alpha generation. Stock picking is merely everything that precedes entry. It excludes bet size and exit. Unfortunately, stock pic 

Hi, There are a lot of people that believe stock market is a speculation market, or gambling, if you may. But if you ask a professional, they will tell you completely otherwise. No doubt there is a little bit of speculation involved, but it is more about fundamentals and rules that you must rely on in order to succeed in stock market. Most people fail because they trade as gamblers. I am going to list a few other reasons hereon, kindly read below: No StoplossesPeople fail to realise the importance of stoplosses. For the uninitiated, stop loss in a trade is the lower limit that you can set while b 

Nobody gets investing right all the time. Even successful investors and experienced traders have to shake off common mistakes now and then. Because it’s next to impossible to avoid mistakes completely, successful practitioners learn from their missteps to minimize them in the future. The good news is that most of these mistakes can be avoided simply through awareness. We will take a look at the most common mistakes here: Lacking The Confidence To Get Started This is a mistake I made early on. Before I started investing on my own, I had a money manager who invested my money in mutual funds. I didn’ 

The biggest mistake investors make is that they tend to do things at the wrong time, and often the worst possible time. That’s a phrasing of the phenomenon that I borrowed from Marc Faber, but the following thoughts are my own. Martin Armstrong talks about one Japanese client he had who became interested in Armstrong’s work (Armstrong called the 1989 high pretty much to the day). The client had never invested in stocks before, but somehow was persuaded by an argument that seasonality meant the market would always go up during a certain period, and he ended up buying the high (and my guess is no 

Thanks for the A2A. It depends on the type of investor: Day Traders These are people who know nothing and know they know nothing, but still want to play the market. They are constantly brainwashed by Wall St, CNBC, financial advisors, discount brokers, Forex platforms, YouTube channels, etc. After all the media bombardment and reading candlestick patterns these poor souls start to think that they have figured out what to do. They become delusional and make the mistake of thinking that a guy at home in his pajamas can consistently make profits and compete with major Investment Banks , High-Frequen 

Gamboling in the markets is in equal parts an enterprise involving right psychology, right skills and right information. While there is help to counter the lack of information, psychology and skill sets are investors’ to manage. Following are some of the common investor missteps: Myth: Stock market is only about data and information. It requires first-degree decision making (I look at data in absolutes and take a decision)Sentiment. Stock market runs on it. The emotions of the millions of investors is the fuel that powers this big, bad engine. Investors, who believe that we live in a world run b 

Should I dump my stocks before the economy crashes from COVID-19?
Well, consider whether you’d “dump” the S&amp;P 500 during these points in time…  How about here?  Here?  Or… here?  Anyone who has a kindergarten education would know to buy the S&amp;P 500 at the lowest point and “dump” it at the highest point. But looking at a chart and saying I’ll buy here and sell there predicates the assumption that you’re trying to time the market. Which is easy to do in hindsight, but impossible to do for the future. Also, U.S. real GDP have been doing terribly in 2020. Take a look below…  But now, take a look at the S&amp;P 500 again during 2020…  The economy is still doing poorly, yet the S&amp;P 5 

Don’t…just don’t. You can’t time the market. Or more accurately, you probably aren’t good enough to time the market. If you are good enough, go right ahead, but the vast majority of people are better off consistently contributing to their 401k or other investments regardless of current conditions. I’ll provide my own cautionary tale. I have a degree in Economics. I mean, it’s a B.A. and it’s a minor because I suck at math, but I know history, concepts, and theory. I looked at the coronavirus recession and moved a decent sized chunk of my retirement into bonds and safe low yield investments as a 

The stock market does not mirror the economy. The market already crashed in February-March before the economy tanked (same with the Financial Crisis—the market hit bottom in 2009 and rallied while the economy was still in recession; in 1987, the market crashed and the economy did not).It depends on what stocks you own. Are the companies affected by the virus? If all you own are airlines, sit-down restaurants, hotels, casinos and cruise lines, you probably should take some profits now as they’ve run up, but save a few with the best balance sheets for an eventual recovery. (For example: NCLH’s C

This is not professional financial advice as I’m not qualified to give it, you should do your own due diligence. The world has a huge debt problem that is being made worse by the shutdown of the economy and the massive money printing in most countries. With so many businesses shut down the economy has ground to a halt, the money printing is giving the appearance of ‘business as usual’ but it’s nothing like that and probably will not go back to where it was in December 2019. All the gains in the stock market since the GFC have been because of the ever decreasing interest rates. Individuals and co 

Well your timing is interesting. We are in the midst of three crisis, health, political and financial. Solving any one of them will not avoid damage from the other two. The misjudgment currently is that we can print money and defeat the virus. The political and financial have been building for some time. The president will try to push us into civil war to be reelected by dividing us over the issue. The Federal Reserve will double the size of the deficit causing a major funding problem event, and the virus will probably not go away leading most people to drop safety issues, causes suffering and 

Please think carefully before you invest or disinvest. I do not know anything about your financial situation, employment, earnings, age, dependents, or health. There are always bulls and bears and no clear answers. Let's look at the two. The pandemic caused the markets to crash. A lot of people believe that stocks are priced at more reasonable prices now and that it is a good time to get in for the long term. Stock markets crash at times but always continue to rise and break new highs; it is just a question of time. Governments around the world are trying to provide plenty of stimuli to help busi 

The US has a vast economy with millions of skilled people in the workforce. There will always be opportunities with those ingredients. After WWII, Germany and Japan were devastated, but they had the skilled people ( but not the natural resources). Both countries came back economically. Many of the prewar companies thrived. In 1945 if you had bought Bayer, Krupp, Siemens, Mitsubishi, Mercedes or Volkswagen, you would have gotten incredible bargains and would be rich today. The Wuhan virus is not remotely as devastating as losing a war and getting bombed to smithereens, so there is no reason to t 

Basically, Ryan, my answer is No. I know it is pretty difficult to have faith in anything these days, but overall the Market(s) are holding up and providing shareholders with income. I talked with my Banker yesterday and it is looking good that I shall have the money to be able to buy a house next year for my Primary Residence. There is always money to be made even in a crisis the magnitude of COVID-19. Any company that even remotely makes or markets or distributes or sells products related to COVID-19 is going to make some revenue and be profitable. This can be on the retail side such as phar 

This will only hurt a little bit. Nobody cares what you do. Nobody. Why? Because the only person you are affecting, by your decision, is yourself. This is the beginning of wisdom. Thus my advice to you is to make damn sure your reasoning is grounded in logic and arithmetic before, not after, you hit that sell button. Because if you are wrong, if you have not bothered to give equal weight to the other side of your own assumptions with the seriousness that it deserves, and you are wrong, then you will regret your decision to sell for the rest of your life. Make no mistake. Let there be no doubt in your 

Sure sounds like a great idea. What is your criteria for deciding a crash is immanent? How accurate has that been? Can you make money that way? Can you save money dumping your stocks? The problem is crashes are caused by sudden, unexpected events that catches investors by surprise. Not predictable. Not actionable before hand except for having sell stops in place to limit damage. That is how I handle the issue. And I never have more than 7% of my capital at risk at any time. I diversify in industries and over time. I don’t buy all at once. Buy the time I am fully in the market the vast majority  

Is it worth switching to Olymp Trade MT4?
What is the best online international stock broker?
Admin wise, what are the main differences of trading goods with the EU and the rest of the world?
Is the stock market going into free fall due to covid 19 round 2?
Is the stock market "rigged" to favor hedge funds?
If I invest £10,000 in a thinly traded penny stock, won't the price of the shares go up, in which I can immediately sell and make a profit?
Suppose the current price is £0.7 bid/£0.8 offered with 2,000 shares offered £0.8. There are another 2,000 shares offered at each of  £0.9, £1.0, £1.1 and £1.2. I’m assuming a tick size of £0.1 for the example, although real tick sizes are likely smaller. Your £10,000 clears out all these offers and you end up with 10,000 shares at an average price of £1. The price now stands at last transaction £1.2, £0.7 bid/£1.3 offered. Before the market reacts you have broken even at mid-price, but have a paper profit of £2,000 using the last transaction or £3,000 using the offer. If you immediately sell, y 

 There are plenty of good reasons to invest in small companies. Investors who find top growth companies while they're still small have a lot more potential for big investment gains than those who wait until those companies have grown into giants of their industries. However, penny stocks are almost never the bargains they appear to be. Their shares are so cheaply priced for good reason: At best they tend to be unproven, small companies with dubious long-term prospects for success, and at worst they are vehicles con artists use to take advantage of unsuspecting investors. Oftentimes, the mistake t 

Of course it will! Go for it. Just remember to convince your neighbor - beforehand - that is an awesome idea and then dump your worthless penny stock on him. My dear friend, just trust me on this: there are no shortcuts to success in the markets. full stop. It will save you a ton of money. There is, I will give you that, luck or the luck of being perfectly aligned with the market of the moment for a while - a day, a month, even a couple of years (these are the ones that after a couple of periods think they are the next “Market Wizards” right before they go bust or, if they are big enough or loud 

In illiquid or low volume instruments, ‘'listed price” can be an illusion. The housing market would be a perfect example - if someone buys your neighbours’ home (identical to yours) and over pays by a large amount, on paper your home would’ve appreciated by the same amount. But until it's sold and someone wants to buy it that number doesn't mean anything. When you attempt to purchase a lot of shares from a penny stock you will immediately be paying more than the original ‘ask’ price because there aren't enough sellers, so you'll have to keep raising your bid price until enough owners of those sh 

No. You buy, who will you sell to? You moved the price higher, maybe, but without your interest, the prices will decline and will receive part of the bid, then lower, and lower. The posted prices are for a 100 shares. Trade more you move the market. The dealer loves you and may send you a Christmas Card, but you need someone else to sell to. The dealer will move the price back to where the market really is. The dealer controls the penny stock market, he does well, he knows what you hold, he won’t let you make money unless he can make more. 217 viewsSponsored by Forge of EmpiresWhat is your favorite era of human history?Journey through the time — from the Stone Age to the Space Age — and develop an empire.Play NowEkam Singh, B.tech Stocks &amp; Penny Stocks, Thapar Institute of Engineering and Technology (2018)Answered 3 years ago

The size of the business doesn't matter when you are into investing. You've got to see the bigger picture here. If the business is capable and there is enough demand for that business in the market then a small business can thrive (eg.Tesla).But if the business is not capable then even a large MNC could fall (eg. Nokia ). Investing is all about how you understand the market and how you percieve things. If you decide to invest 10,000 bucks in a penny stock, just be sure that stock has the ability to go up and for this to happen ,the company should be capable and it should understand what the mark 

Your type is brilliant! Is greed blinding you guys? Or are you people normally this way?! :) Thinly traded stocks are thinly traded for a reason. They are a liquidity trap. One you have bought, you are stuck, since there is no one else who is going to buy at your price or higher - if they do, the original seller will dump even more - making all the profits himself. Now, to get out of that stock, the original (majority) holder will bleed you slowly to death by offering to buy small quantities of stock at lower and lower prices till you end up with a fraction of your original money (if you are lucky 

Basically, you want to move the market and then profit from it, right? If you can make people follow you pushing the price higher it will work. If they do not follow you (in other words: you didn’t start a little “trend”) you will make a loss because as Steve Dwek explained, it was you who paid the higher price, at least on some of the contracts you bought. It is how any market works. You ask for more than is on offer, more sellers will offer at a higher price trying to satisfy your demand and their need for money. Additionally, you’re risking that other traders will see the slight price increa 

Thinly traded ‘penny stocks’ tend to have large spreads between the Bid &amp; Ask, so you pay the ‘Ask’ when buying and sell on the ‘Bid’ when selling shares. Even if the spread is not wide, your ‘Sell Order’ will drive down the price. This is for US Markets. You need to find out if the stock trades OTC (Over-The-Counter) or on an Exchange, where ‘Bid’ &amp; ‘Ask’ prices are handled differently. So, the short answer is actually ‘No’. You will lose money instantly, all other things being equal (assuming the stock price does not rise for some other reason/US Markets). ‘Penny Stocks’ are highly speculati 

A company with a stock price of .001 has to sell one billion shares just to raise $1,000,000.00 USD. If the company is worth $1,000,000,000.00 It may mean is has sold one trillion shares. so what are your chances to earn a decent return? The above is possible so what do you think your 10,000 pounds are going to do? You have to study penny stock very very well before you take a chance on one, and as you said it may be very thinly traded so there is a good chance your order will never get filled in the first place. However, I do believe every one can afford to invest in a bit of luck in their port 

What will be the cause of the next stock market crash?
 “The point is, ladies and gentleman, that greed, for lack of a better word, is good. Greed is right, greed works. Greed clarifies, cuts through, and captures the essence of the evolutionary spirit. Greed, in all of its forms; greed for life, for money, for love, knowledge has marked the upward surge of mankind. And greed, you mark my words, will not only save Teldar Paper, but that other malfunctioning corporation called the USA.” - Gordon Gekko As we enter 2018 which is the ninth consecutive year of the US market bull run, it is clear that global market valuations are lofty. The big question th 

There are a large and growing number of legendary investors admitting publicly that markets are fully valued using many metrics. The calls for a market correction have been going on for what seems like forever now and with every passing day it seems these legendary names are being proven early or wrong. Most of the arguments go something like this, as volatility is at all time lows and markets are at all time highs, at some point there will be a market correction that brings back some form of fear to the market which has been epically lacking as the BTFD (Buy the F***** Dip) mentality continues 

I doubt it, the banks are well capitalized and the stock market is fairly priced on a P/E basis, maybe even undervalued. It is highly unlikely, but I don’t know, and nobody knows. What we do know is: Markets go up long-term. You would be worth 100M now if you had invested $20,000 in 1941…if your dad had. This is all noise.Nobody can time markets`big crashes` happen every 50–70 years, like 1929 and 2008.The average DIY investor loses by market timingThe biggest piece of advice I would give is ignore the CNBC, Bloomberg and other gurus. Professor H. Nejat Seyhun found that between 1963 and 1993 the 

Reasons the Stock Market Will Likely Crash Again 1. A second wave of illness Regardless of where you stand, the current lack of vaccine means there’s is at least a chance of countries being hit with a second wave of illness. Health officials and organizations around the world are warning of an impending "second wave," i.e. a repeated increase in the numbers of new instances of infection. Estimates on when this might happen vary from the holiday season to early autumn. As many countries are beginning to lift restrictions and re-open businesses and public spaces, this might happen sooner rather th 

Complacency and false assumptions… it’s the same every time. (This time it’s mostly passive investing, like ETFs, and crazy FANG-type valuations) - “Managers and investors alike must understand that accounting numbers are the beginning, not the end, of business valuation.” – Warren Buffett - Only 10% of stock trading today is based on fundamentals, according to research from JP Morgan. That means that 90% of trading in the stock market is based upon something other than looking at a company’s intrinsic value. So, how the heck are people deciding which stock to buy? “Stocks are not, then, trading based  

Wouldn't it be incredible if speculators could foresee when the market would go up, and when it goes down? Individuals positively attempt. At whatever point huge news occurs, you can discover analysts on the two sides. Regardless of what the news is, somebody supposes it's the following 2008, and another person believes it's a blasting chance. (There are constantly opposite sides to any exchange, obviously.)  The thing is, the short, sharp stuns in the Stock market – the kind of single or various day moves which truly get features agitating – regularly originate from bizarre, unusual things: rema 

Short answer - Crazy growth valuations set by the precedence of unicorn companies like Facebook, Apple, Alphabet (Google), Amazon, Netflix, Microsoft. Take a look below…  Did you know that for Uber’s IPO, they tried to file for a $100B valuation? They were still burning billions of cash and still negative in profits. How about WeWork’s failed IPO and how their $47B valuation in 2019 is now only $2.9B? Oh, and don’t forget, for WeWork, it was Softbank bidding up the valuation against themselves! (Fraud, anyone?) To give you a sense of how ridiculous these numbers sound… The entire uranium SECTOR (not  

My strongest bet would be on strong dollar. As dollar begins to rise (due to the inherent discrepancy between physical dollars and the dollar denominated assets and liabilities that lie beyond US on balance sheets, i.e paper dollar), it should cause significant amount of stress to be built in many foreign markets. Since 2008, emerging market countries (which escaped the build up of debt largely in the prior cycle), have levered up on significant amount of dollar denominated debt. About $38 billion worth of US currency bonds issued by Indian companies can be found on registered issues for exampl 

Do you think the stock market will crash again? Yes, think about it, you don't have to look at TA. We are still in a global pandemic(which exponentially continues to get worse by each day, although the epicenters may be declining, but those are containable), cities throughout the country are protesting if not rioting &amp; looting, and we have astronomically high unemployment rates and a stagnant economy. Why would it go up? If so it's being hyperinflated right before a major crash. Honestly, on paper we look like big version of Venezuela; no offense to Venezuela, but I mean even North Korea has the 

Stock Market Crashes occur for 2 reasons. There is a sudden event that is unforeseen called a Black Swan. The event creates an immediate high risk for many listed corporations that will quickly impact their revenues, earnings and growth. The Banking Debacle hidden extremely high leveraging of the big banks was a Black Swan event in 2008. The 9/11 Attack on the Financial District in NYC was another Black Swan Event. The sudden bankruptcy of many professional Broker/Dealers in 1987 was another Black Swan event. The Savings and Loan Debacle and Junk Bond extreme leveraging that put many financial 

Are there any secrets to forex trading that people just don’t tell you about?
What is the future of algorithmic trading?
Good. But not “wow" or anything. Markets change over time, this means new kind of opportunities arise. A clever quant knows how to pick this up and convert this into an algorithm. Imagine an FX day trader who scalps the markets every day. He also has the telly on, and notices every time Theresa May talks, the GBP/EU shifts significantly. So, he can either push those buttons manually when she speaks, or automate that in an algorithm. The latter seems more convenient. First you validate it, download intraday data of previous moments she was talking about Brexit and time it exactly right. You check s 

I have been into Algo Trading since 2014, let me answer this from Indian Stock market perspective. Before getting into the future of Algo Trading, let me explain how Algorithmic Trading in India was few years before, how it is now and how the future of is going to be. Before: Back then, I was working full time in a MNC and it was difficult to manage my trading and job together, so I was trying to automate a simple breakout strategy. Whenever Buy/Sell conditions are met, the charts in Amibroker charting tool generates signals like below, and the respective orders has to be placed in the broking ac 

If investment is a process, then automation is the natural conclusion. “He, who controls the past controls the future”, George Orwell. Before attempting to guess and inevitably fail what the future holds in store for us, let’s take a step back and understand why they are not so prevalent today Complexity is a form of laziness and the gaze heuristic Investors inherently distrust “black boxes”. We can accept someone giving us bad directions. We hate when Google maps sends us off course. This has implications on AUM. Computing power is not the answer, it is merely one solution. AI is an attempt at s 

As I write this answer in NSE about 55% of the Orders are fired by Algo trading. In developed markets this percentage is even higher probably around 75%. Let’s look at the evolution of Trading in exchanges. 1900 - 70s: Open outcry Sytem: Open outcry is a method of communication between professionals on a stock exchange or futures exchange typically on a trading floor. It involves shouting and the use of hand signals to transfer information primarily about buy and sell orders. The part of the trading floor where this takes place is called a pit. In an open outcry auction, bids and offers must be mad 

Jeff Bezos of Amazon said this: “I very frequently get the question: 'What's going to change in the next 10 years?' And that is a very interesting question; it's a very common one. I almost never get the question: 'What's not going to change in the next 10 years?'  Jeff Bezos has certainly changed Instead of thinking what about algorithmic trading is going to change in the future, think of what about it is not going to change. There are 3 things that aren’t going to change. 1st: Getting there first won’t change The faster trader wins. Spotted the same futures being priced differently at 2 separate excha 

Considering the direction in which the market is growing, there’s no doubt that algorithmic trading and the APIs required to build the tools necessary for exciting these trades will play a pivotal role in trading in the coming years. Algorithmic trading, often referred to as algo trading, is a method of executing orders using automated pre-programmed trading instructions. A decade earlier, algo trading was mostly just cool talk. But fast forward to the 2020s, and algo trading has made significant inroads into the Indian markets. One of the key reasons for the quicker adoption of algo trading i 

Algorithmic Trading will continue to expand on the Professional Side of the market, in particular for these Market Participant Groups: Buy Side Institutions aka Dark Pools. Although the Buy Side is also going to continue to use trading floor and proprietary desk traders, even outsourcing some of their trading needs, algorithms are an integral part of their advance order types which can have as many as 10 legs (different types of trading instruments across multiple financial markets all tied to one primary order) the algorithms aid in managing these extremely complex orders. Sell Side Institution 

Computers have taken over the human brain as far as solving big problems is concerned. This same trend has been seen while trading in the stock market. Trading in stock markets has been in fashion for centuries and with the introduction of computers and complex mathematical calculations, trading has taken a new form which is called Algorithm or Algo Trading. Algorithm Trading might sound new to Indian Markets but this has been used in the U.S. since the 1970s and by the end of 2010, almost 60% of trading was done using computers and it’s reliable calculations. Scope of Algo Trading Algorithm Trad 

In this age of super computers, Algorithmic Trading has gained a huge popularity from last decade. In the United States, around 70% of total Trading volumes comes from Algorithmic Trading. In developing nations like India, it accounts for around 40% of Trading volumes, not a bad number anyways! Retail traders tend to keep away from Algorithmic Trading considering it complex and out of reach. However, it’s not true at all. Building an Algorithmic Trading system can be a simple task if one knows the fundamentals behind it. What is Algorithmic Trading? Algorithmic Trading is a process to Buy or Sel 

'Future of algorithmic trading is exciting; are you ready?' The global algorithmic trading market is expected to grow significantly between 2018 and 2026. And that’s because cloud-based services for algorithmic trading will start to emerge in the markets Hrishabh Sanghvi  Hrishabh Sanghvi A decade ago, the Securities &amp; Exchange Board of India (SEBI) allowed stockbrokers to offer Direct Market Access (DMA) to their institutional clients. This was the advent of Algorithmic Trading (AT) in India. Because it happened bang in the middle of a global recession, the introduction of DMA swept the entire bank 

What made you lose interest in cryptocurrency trading?
What is the best stock to invest in for the Coronavirus?
here I am gonna mention 2 high-quality stocks which are only affected by the corona outbreak. once things get to normal these stocks will rise for sure and will more likely to reach their full potential. IRCTC - Indian Railway Catering &amp; Tourism Corp Ltd fundamentals of IRCTC are strong and making consistent profits before the corona outbreak. here consider share price before corona and after corona (before corona ) on Feb 25, 2020, 1951.95 INR (after corona) on Mar 25, 2020, 815.40 INR just in the span of a month, IRCTC share price fell by more than 60%. it reached 1031.50 INR on April 1 2020. REASONS 

The following answer is subject to my opinion and I would never suggest anyone to invest without research of their own. Also I suppose you are looking for stocks on a short term basis. Following a top down approach of selecting let's us first look for sectors outperforming during current correction. The first and an obvious sector is of course pharmaceutical. They have reached their post March high and some have also made new 52 weeks high . So it's not hard to see that these stocks are not adversely affected by current correction and they are in uptrend. The situations like the present one, the m 

It depends on your risk tolerance. Everything is volatile right now. If you cannot tolerate much risk, just don’t buy anything. Even how promising something might sound, we are still uncertain in the market right now at this time of writing. If you can tolerate some risk, (yes, SPX went down almost 10 percent today), you might invest in the SQQQ thinking the SPX will still go down because of the coronavirus. If you think things are just going to get worse, this might be a good opportunity. Furthermore, if you think the market will bounce back, invest in the SPX. However, I don’t like to invest i 

Apple shares have been in pullback mode ever since the iPhone maker slashed its fiscal second-quarter revenue forecast on account of the coronavirus outbreak. The company pointed out that the shutdown of many of its own stores (as well as partner stores) in China, will hurt iPhone sales. At the same time, Apple's China-based supply chain has been ramping up at a slower-than-expected pace, which is expected to hamper production. After much investigations and research i have made about how to earn more profit on cryptocurrency legitimately, I will recommend CryptoExchangeFX Cryptocurrency Investm 

Here is a list of stocks that offer compelling opportunities for investors right now, according to analysts from Raymond James, Morningstar, and Bespoke Investment Group. Healthcare In the healthcare space, Gilead Sciences (GILD) has emerged at the forefront of response efforts thanks to a drug originally developed for Ebola but that has shown promising preliminary results in fighting COVID-19—all three firms recommend the stock, now worth $70 per share, that’s up almost 3% over the last month compared to the market’s widespread losses. Clorox (CLX), the maker of disinfectant wipes, has benefitte

Hello, These are unprecedented times and the future is very bleak and unpredictable. Most of the valuation models would have never incorporated such kind of a situation/parameter while predicting future returns. My recommendation would be to invest in stocks which have the capability and capacity to survive these difficult times. You can look at the below factors while you look for stocks to invest. Companies with limited debt (This puts less pressure on cashflows)Good management (Corporate Governance)Avoid sectors directly affected due to Covid19 (Travel &amp; Tourism)Companies with good cash reserv

Using the voice to text so please excuse any grammatical what nots, I'm not going back to correct them, it's a pain in the butt on the phone. I am but a simple working man not to say I'm simple far from that , and have nothing invested in the market but I've made a couple of good predictions over the years to my wealthy friends or let's just say associates because they're cheap bastards and never share anything, but I would invest in any type of delivery service, especially the grocery delivery services. I don't know how many of them have gone public but that is something that was taking off p 

Good Evening! Fundamental Analysis: Fundamental analysis is a thorough research of a company carried out with the intention of buying the shares for long-term investment. It involves studying the profitability of the operations, assets and liabilities position, cash flows, etc., as well as market conditions. Investors should ideally look at the fundamental analysis of the stocks if they intend to stay invested in a stock for several years. Traders, who look at booking short-term profits or intraday gains, typically follow the technical analysis of a stock. So, if you are investing in stocks for m 

 One of the best and most interesting assets to invest in during the COVID19 crisis is a new stock-like asset called Kor. Although Kor is not a stock in the strict sense, that is precisely one of the reasons that make it a good investment, because it’s an equity asset that is made to be traded within a secondary market, with the same level of liquidity as a public traded stock, but with no correlation to the stock markets themselves, and thus a lower level of volatility. Kor represents equities from a company called Konzortia Capital, which is developing a large scale financial technological fram 

The whole world will be having a different scenario as soon as we end the pandemic. We can definitely say that due to this Corona virus pandemic we may soon see financial crisis around the world. In Indian stocks market it has been seen that after every correction the market leaders changes. Before our market leaders were Banks, ITs and PSU’s. According to me next leaders will be from pharma sector, metal sector and Fmcg sector. These are the sectors which are least affected from Corona virus pandemic. According to me Investments in Pharma and fmcg for over next few years will give you good returns 

What is the best cryptocurrency to invest in right now?
Traders worry every day about which cryptocurrency to invest in. The crypto market, however, is still difficult to predict. There is no simple answer as to which coins will win the race in 2020. The guarantee: Bitcoin Bitcoin will always be a good investment. Satoshi Nakamoto's invention continues to lead in terms of market capitalization and trade volume. Almost every crypto exchange can trade Bitcoin and it is the cryptocurrency that is used the most. If you can or just want to invest in a single cryptocurrency, Bitcoin is always a good choice. The first true peer-to-peer currency is still the  

There’s plenty of pretty funny and clear answers to your question below/above. However I thought I’d talk from a personal perspective because I’m on the same journey you are on. I’ve found the myriad of blogs, news articles which seem to be about tabloids jumping on the bandwagon, forums and recommendations at times tricky to navigate, but also contradictory. Therefore I’d say taking any one persons advice, especially mine won’t get you very far. However, what I can tell you is the way I’m beginning to do my research. This has helped me invest in ETH at the right time and enabled me to think mo 

Best cryptocurrencies to invest in March 2021  Bitcoin (BTC) Bitcoin is now trading at a discount to the recent highs around the $58,000 level. The reality is that corporate interest has now been defined in the coin and it wouldn’t be a surprise to see announcements later that some large companies have been buying on this latest correction in price. BTC is a vital coin in the cryptocurrency ecosystem and buying the coin on dips is a wise move, in order to get access to other coins at lower prices, or to use for collateral in decentralised finance. If corporate America’s largest companies are looki 

It all depends what do you refer to when you say the best. If by the best you mean one with the most secure investment and growth up to max x10 in this bull run than you are looking for Cryptocurrency that you have already heard of and that is Bitcoin (BTC) or Ethereum (ETH). If by the best you mean one that had already some growth, because it is solving some already currently interesting topics like Layer2 or DeFi or NFT, but still has growth possible up to x50 than you should be looking at cryptocurrency like ENJ, CHZ, UNI, MATIC, AAVE, SNX, …. If by the best you mean one with the highest profi 

Best cryptocurrency to Invest 2018 There is already a more comprehensive answer to this http://question.https://www.bitdegree.org/tutorials/best-cryptocurrency-to-invest/ Best Cryptocurrency to Invest 2018: Bitcoin (BTC) If somehow, you’ve only heard of one cryptocurrency, it’s probably Bitcoin. It is the biggest cryptocurrency — it currently has a 40%i share in the total cryptocurrency market cap! It is the oldest cryptocurrency and it still dominates in the market. So, if Bitcoin continues to increase like it did in 2017, then investing in Bitcoin might be a good idea for 2018. The price of Bitc 

First, it crossed $10K. Two weeks later, it plummets to $5K. Fast forward one week, Bitcoin grows over $6K as if nothing happened. “If you are not confused, you don´t know what is going on.” Jack Welch said. Uncertainty rules the world since the COVID-19 expanded. Most stocks have gone down, and investors expect them to drop another 20% by the end of the year. Yes, winter is here. Wait. How about the digital world? Should we change our strategy? Today may be a good time to buy some Bitcoin. But what do you say about the thousands lost when it dropped recently? The events show that even the most sta 

I’ve been mining bitcoin/crypto since 2011 and before that was daytrading penny stocks on the pink sheets. I will tell you that it will be a blockchain no one is talking about. The reasoning for this is simple. Blockchain technologies are fairly new and there is not a lot of history to learn from. The so called “experts” are mostly self proclaimed, they have gotten lucky on the first crypto bubble and because of this feel confident enough to give advice and call out the next big gainer without very little technical or business knowledge. You could have thrown money into anything in 2016/17 and 

At the time of answering your question you may have followed the recent events and how they have been affecting the price of bitcoin as well as all other cryptocurrencies. Advising you in investing in any cryptocurrency based on your question, where you are not mentioning any other criteria (i.e. timeframe, risk appetite, etc.) would be a reckless attempt. The crypto market is highly volatile at the present moment and, first of all, you need to ask yourself what your time horizon is or for how long you want to invest for. My personal opinion is that the only cryptocurrency worth investing for the 

 That would be bitcoin. Why? Limited supply of 21 million = extremely high price when cryptocurrency is adopted by the masses. There’s a good chance that bitcoin will be trending at $1,000,000+ in the next decade or so and the world’s population will be buying groceries with satoshis (0.00000001 ฿). There’s also a good chance that the vast majority of the world’s population will never own a full bitcoin (1.00000000 ฿) due to its future price.Bitcoin is being coded by the best developers in the world (apart from a few exceptions such as Vitalik Buterin, Charlie Lee etc). If one of the smartest gro

When I first started investing, it was about making a fast buck. Buy, Drop! Buy high, Sell low! I treated each currency as a cash cow and didn’t care for anything except for return on investment. I didn’t read anything or know much about some of the currencies I was investing about. Then as I began to study and learn more about digital currency, I developed an appreciation for the technology. You should do the same. You’ll eventually get burned in blind trading. You need to be investing in coins that have a strong core. Many of the cheap uninspired Altcoins won’t be around 2 years from now and 

Is now a good time to start investing in the stock market?
We’re currently facing an unprecedented event with the global pandemic caused by a novel coronavirus that began in March 2020. In a matter of weeks, we went from business as usual to almost no business at all.  Most companies have been forced to close their offices and move employees to remote, work-from-home positions and those were the lucky ones. Many others have been required to shut down and lay off their entire workforce. The shock to the economic system has been staggering, with unemployment claims jumping to record highs and consumer spending taking a sharp nosedive. And while the economy  

I guess, There might be a mix opinion on this some will say its a right time to invest some will say its not. But there is big correction is running in the global market. World’s all market are down and it’s great impact on economy. Here are the lists of that: New York Stock ExchangeNASDAQTokyo Stock ExchangeShanghai Stock ExchangeHonk Kong Stock ExchangeLondon Stock ExchangeEURONEXTShenzen Stock ExchangeToronto stock ExchangeBombay stock Exchange\Right now so many factors which are affecting the stock market of the world because of that only the economy is down which gives impact on the trades  

Blanket answer is of course yes. Even the U.S. government effort pushes us to do so, with a long term capital gains rate much lower than income tax rate. Let’s look into it more. It’s always a good idea to grow your money. Investing is a good way to do just that. But you have to be smart about it. First of all, there is no guarantee of returns. Secondly, you when you invest, you have to protect your money. The market has ups and downs, that’s the nature of the market. Thirdly, going it alone can be tricky. Nowadays, there are a lot of options for people who want to grow their savings using an o 

Stock market is not only about cherry picking individual stocks. I normally follow NIFTY index and than decide whether to enter or exit the market. The right time to enter and exit the stock market should be dependent upon these four data points: Price to earning ratio (P/E Ratio) of NIFTY -P/E = 24 Than I am paying 24 Rs. for every 1 Rs. earning of the company. There is a strong connection between P/E ratio of the nifty with the market movement. P/E &gt; 24 (Than the probability of downfall is very high (Sell &amp; Exit) 20 &lt; P/E &lt; 24 (Be cautious (Market may turn edgy or volatile) 16 &lt; P/E &lt; 20 (Buy cau 

"What I would own is as much emerging-market equity as your career or business risk can tolerate" - Jeremy Grantham Our new guy Fed chief Jerome Powell certainly did not have the warmest welcome either his first few days on the job. In less than 3 weeks since he started as Chairman of the Federal Reserve, the markets have delivered a sharp decline in equities, a huge uptick in volatility and a continually weak dollar.  “I got this guys…” Source: WSJ Call it beginner’s luck (in a bad way) if you like but a closer look tells us that our poor new guy just had bad timing. Powell joined the team at the 

Yes and No From the point of view of price earning ratio and the current Sino-US trade war it may not be the best time to invest in the stock market. The price earning ratio is currently 24.23. This is well above the average price earning ratio for the last 50 years. The average price earning ratio in this time was 15–20. Whenever the price earning ratio is particularly high as was the case with the Wall Street Crash in 1929, Kennedy slide of 62, the 1973 oil crisis, dot com bubble in 2000 and financial crisis in 2008, the stock market is due for a correction and especially a recession if accom 

Let’s look at the timeline of major events in last 38 years: 1982 - Worst recession in 40 years, debt crisis. 1983 - Market hits record - "Market too high". 1984 - Record U.S. Federal deficits. 1985 - Economic growth slows. 1986 - Dow nears 2000 - "Market too high" 1987 - The Crash -Black Monday. 1988 - Fear of Recession. 1989 - Junk Bond collapse. 1990 - Gulf War, worst market decline in 16 years. 1991 - Recession - "Market too high" 1992 - Elections, market flat. 1993 - Businesses continue restructuring. 1994 - Interest rates are going up. 1995 - The market is too high. 1996 - Fear of Inflation. 1997 - Irra 

To give you an answer that will not turn obsolete even if you're reading this 5 years from now or more, let me tweak your question a bit and answer: when is the right time to start investing in the stock market. When: It is always better to invest when the markets are down and the preferred stock of our choice is trading a bit low. There is a difference between buying a cheap stock and buying a good stock when it is cheap. What you have to do is the latter. What should you do? Begin with your research and pick out stocks that have a good growth trajectory, strong fundamentals, decent financials,  

I bet you’ve never heard of Pat Munroe. And unless you’re from the Florida Panhandle, I imagine you haven’t heard of Quincy, Florida, either. But the two can teach us a lot about investing. See, in the early 1920s, Munroe was a banker in Quincy. One thing Munroe noticed was no matter how hard the times, the people of his small town always seemed to have money to buy a Coca-Cola. So he started buying shares of the company. Not long after, he was telling everyone in town to buy shares of Coca-Cola. He’d even underwrite bank loans backed by Coca-Cola stock. When shares crashed 50% during a conflict with 

I think its not about the time, its everything about how enough knowledge and patience you have!! Source google:  Many people think , stock market is the place where we can earn huge money in short period but its completely wrong!! what ever you invest , hold them for long term to get decent profits! I believe the greatest investment opportunity in history is knocking on your door, you can open it or not….the choice is yours!! Before you invest , it will be a lot easier , more productive , and far less stressful if you first decide what you ultimate goals are and then figure out the best way to get 

Is investing in big tech companies stocks the best choice for a long-term investment?
What is the worst investment?
If someone has no experience investing money, what is your advice on the first steps they should do prior to investing and early on in investing?
Making your first investment can feel like a daunting prospect. Memories of the global financial crisis — and subsequent market dips — hang heavy for savers, particularly those who came of age during the 2008 downturn. Multiple studies point to millennials’ and Gen Z’s skepticism toward investing: One Bankrate report found that just 23% of those between 18 and 37 years of age saw the stock market as the best long-term money store. That’s compared to 33% of Gen X (those between 38 and 52 years old) and 38% of baby boomers (people between 54 and 74 years old). But with low, and in some places negat 

If you are paying someone for investment advice, make sure they are at least equally exposed to the risk they are advertising to you if they are not you have no guarantee that they are not just bullshitting you. For more see e.g. Skin in the Game (book)Skin in the Game: Hidden Asymmetries in Daily Life (acronymed: SITG) is a 2018 nonfiction book by Nassim Nicholas Taleb , a former options trader with a background in the mathematics of probability and statistics . Taleb's thesis is that skin in the game —i.e., having a measurable risk when taking a major decision—is necessary for fairness, commercial efficiency, and risk management, as well as being necessary to understand the world. [1] The book is part of Taleb's multi-volume philosophical essay on uncertainty, titled the Incerto , which also includes Fooled by Randomness (2001), The Black Swan (2007–2010), The Bed of Procrustes (2010–2016), and Antifragile (2012). The book is dedicated to "two men of courage": Ron Paul , [2] "a Roman among Greeks"; and Ralph Nader , [3] "Greco-Phoenician saint". [4] [5] Asymmetry and missing incentives Edit If an actor pockets some rewards from a policy they enact or support without accepting any of the risks, economists consider it to be a problem of "missing incentives". In contrast, to Taleb, the problem is more fundamentally one of asymmetry: one actor gets the rewards, the other is stuck with the risks. [1] Taleb argues that "For social justice, focus on symmetry and risk sharing. You cannot make profits and transfer the risks to others, as bankers and large corporations do... Forcing skin in the game corrects this asymmetry better than thousands of laws and regulations." [6] [7] [8] The centrality of negative incentives Edit Actors - per Taleb - must bear a cost when they fail the public. A fund manager that gets a percentage on wins, but no penalty for losing is incentivized to gamble with his clients funds. Bearing no downside for one's actions means that one has no "Skin In The Game", which is the source of many evils. An evolutionary process is an additional argument for SITG. Those who err and have SITG will not survive, hence evolutionary processes will eliminate (physically or figuratively by going bankrupt etc) those tending to do stupid things. Without SITG, this process cannot work. Robert Rubin , a highly-paid director and senior advisor at Citigroup , paid no financial penalty when Citigroup had to be rescued by U.S. taxpayers due to overreach . [7] Taleb calls this sort of a trade, with upside gain but no or limited downside risk, a "Bob Rubin trade." [9] Many war hawks don't themselves bear any risks of dying in a war they advocate. Intellectual Yet Idiot Edit Intellectual Yet Idiot (IYI) is a term coined by Nassim Nicholas Taleb in his essay by the same name that refers to the semi-intelligent well-pedigreed  "who are telling us 1) what to do, 2) what to eat, 3) how to speak, 4) how to think… and 5) who to vote for". They represent a very small minority of people but have an overwhelming impact on the vast majority because they affect government policy. IYI are often policy makers, academics, journalists, and media pundits. The IYI pathologizes others for doing things he doesn't understanhttps://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Skin_in_the_Game_(book) If you think you can trade with leverage, only by looking at prices and guessing price movements, go and get some historical data from e.g. alphavantage, write a program in which you can, buy and sell in real time -simulated using historical data. API Documentation | Alpha VantageAlpha Vantage APIs are grouped into four categories: (1) Time Series Stock APIs, (2) Fundamental Data, (3) Physical and Digital/Crypto Currencies (e.g., Bitcoin), and (4) Technical Indicators. Examples in this documentation are for demo purposes. Claim your free API key today to explore our full API offerings! Technical Indicators Technical indicator APIs for a given equity or currency exchange pair, derived from the underlying time series based stock API and forex data. All indicators are calculated from adjusted time series data to eliminate artificial price/volume perturbations from historical split and dividend events. SMA High Usage This API returns the simple moving average (SMA) values. See also: Investopedia article and mathematical reference . API Parameters ❚ Required: function The technical indicator of your choice. In this case, function=SMA ❚ Required: symbol The name of the security of your choice. For example: symbol=IBM ❚ Required: interval Time interval between two consecutive data points in the time series. The following values are supported: 1min , 5min , 15min , 30min , 60min , daily , weekly , monthly ❚ Required: time_period Number of data points used to calculate each moving average value. Positive integers are accepted (e.g., time_period=60 , time_period=200 ) ❚ Required: series_type The desired price type in the time series. Four types are supported: close , open , high , low ❚ Optional: datatype By default, datatype=json . Strings json and csv are accepted with the following specifications: json returns the daily time series in JSON format; csv returns the time series as a CSV (comma separated value) file. ❚ Required: apikey Your API key. Claim your free API key here . Examples (click for JSON output) Equity: https://www.alphavantage.co/query? function =SMA&amp; symbol =IBM&amp; interval =weekly&amp; time_period =10&amp; series_type =open&amp; apikey =demo Forex (FX) or cryptocurrency pair: https://www.alphavantage.co/query? function =SMA&amp; symbol =USDEUR&amp; interval =weekly&amp; time_period =10&amp; series_type =open&amp; apikey =demo EMA High Usage This API returns the exponential moving average (EMA) values. See also: mathematical reference . API Parameters ❚ Required: function The technical indicator of your choice. In this case, function=EMA ❚ Required: symbol The name of the security of your choice. For example: symbol=IBM ❚ Required: interval Time interval between two consecutive data points in the time series. The following values are supported: 1min , 5min , 15min , 30min , 60min , daily , weekly , monthly ❚ Required: time_period Number of data points used to calculate each moving average value. Positive integers are accepted (e.g., time_period=60 , time_period=200 ) ❚ Required: series_type The desired price type in the time series. Four types are supported: close , open , high , low ❚ Optional: datatype By default, datatype=json . Strings json and csv are accepted with the following specifications: json returns the daily time series in JSON formahttps://www.alphavantage.co/documentation/ Include spread and commission (look up prices). You wi 

It takes a lot of time to do strategic investing by yourself, so first check that it is something you want to do. People can park money in an ETF index fund like VOO, and do just fine. The below info is just what I did, and it worked well for me. There are free university- taught investment classes on Coursera for beginners that you should take (links below). You'll also want to use the courses to develop your financial literacy, so you are not depending on someone else for all your analysis. I would buy a textbook on investment, so you can see the many different forms your investment portfolio  

Regardless of whether you’re just starting to invest or you’ve been at it for several years, I believe the important ways to learn include books, experience, and mentors (in no particular order of priority). BooksBooks are not just meant to be read and digested passively. Make sure to read actively—highlight, take notes, and most importantly, APPLY what you read.Knowledge is not power; application is power!One of my favorite books when I first began investing is called The Most Important Thing by Howard Marks. It gives you good fundamentals for investing without too much complicated inves

Don’t trade, don’t practice trading, and don’t go over most books. I read various things for many years before stepping into the market. The most important thing I learned is that most people don’t know what the hell they’re talking about. Analysts will frequently get things extremely wrong. Look at analysts giving AMD and Netflix sell ratings in 2011–2013. Netflix was trading at around $10 a share and AMD was going bankrupt at $2–5 a share. These aren’t records that are off by a small margin of error or by a standard deviation. These companies trade at 50 times their share price between 2011–201 

Realistically, you can avoid most of the pitfalls of investing by: Reading and implementingDelegating to somebody who knows what they are doingWhat is the biggest reasons why investors, newbies and even experts fail? Lack of knowledge? Lack of ideas? No! Lack of implementation, especially during the bad periods. Emotional control is difficult in those periods. Let me make a comparison. If you go to medical school and study nutrition in your spare time, it doesn’t guarantee success in terms of weight and health. Only self-control can do that. That self-control gets harder after bad life events such 

Exhale. View it as a money garden that’s easy to grow. Buy a US index fund. That’s it. As Warren Buffett said, buy the index, up or down and if it’s down, try to buy more and don’t try to dance in and out.  Warren Buffett thinks the 'elite' have wasted $100 billion ignoring his best investment advice "Over the years, I've often been asked for investment advice, and in the process of answering I've learned a good deal about human behavior," Buffett said in the letter. "My regular recommendation has been a low-cost S&amp;P 500 index fund," he said. "To their credit, my friends who possess only modest means 

It depends on the individual. Everybody has different risk tolerance ,it depends on how ready you are to take a risk. I have seeing clients without investment experience throwing $100k on a Trade,whereas i have also seeing traders with low risk tolerance. So its on the individual. (1). The Risk tolerance of the individual is Number one for me (2). Getting a mentor or a coach (just like a start up business) (3). Try to connect with other Students of your mentor or coach You can either Trade for yourself or assign it to your mentor or coach(most usually charge up to 30% as commission). I have mentorshi 

Do not consume more than you produce. I repeat. Do not consume more than you produce. Attune yourself to your limited means. Do this, first. Become stronger, than yourself. Understand that order precedes expansion. Example- I do not go to the grocery store, until not some, not most, but all of the food in my home has been consumed and I am a wealthy man.The rational man is investing not “in the stock market” but into a well thought out, predetermined, goal, no differently than a football team is when they have the ball and are moving down the field. The rational man is moving purposefully from

I believe the first thing you should do is to learn about investing, particularly the kind of investment you want to get into. Education and information will be key to ensuring you put your money on the right investments. You can read books, watch videos, attend seminars, or find mentors who know more about the investment that you want to get into. Once you have enough knowledge and information about investing, you should first start small. Invest with money that you can afford to lose. Regardless of how much information or knowledge you have, do know that there are still risks involved in inve 

What are the best financial investments during a coronavirus crisis?
How do you know when to sell a stock?
Some market participants believe that markets cannot be timed. If You act like this on the short side, a follow-on belief might be: markets cannot be shorted… Timing is everything on the short side: Here are three previous answers You should read: A. When to short: floor &amp; ceiling concept Laurent Bernut's answer to What is the most precise way to draw support and resistance lines for forex trading? The above post is about market regime: bearish, bullish, sideways. Wait until market turns bearish, or you will be impaled like a pig on Barbecue (*) 90%+ of market participants are only there to buy. So,

We give utmost important to which stock to buy, we do multiple analysis, compare the balance sheet, check the company business, basically we use fundamental analysis to figure out which stock to buy and later get into technical analysis to know when to buy.  But we never focus on when to sell a stock. Because, we convince ourselves that am a long term investor, I did all the analysis, am sure this stock is going to be multibagger, so why to worry about exit. Probably, i shall exit when i make 10x or 20x. If we had given equal importance to when to exit a stock before even we entered, we would have 

It depends on your reasoning behind the stock purchase. If you have bought the stock because you think the company in question has a solid business model and great future revenue prospects, in other terms, for the long term, then you should hold the stock until one or both of these criteria are no longer satisfied. It could happen that the revenue streams of the company are contracting over the years or the industry, company operates in, is experiencing a prolonged slowdown and as a result of which the stock price is going down. In such a case, you should decide if you have the conviction that  

Selling is rather difficult than buying a stock. Read complete answer to get an idea about selling. Mostly, people buy a stock without any concrete reason surrounding it(which is not the proper way) and as a surprise, the first timers many a times gain from it as the stock price moves up. But a repeated question that hammers the minds of a million buyers is when to sell the stock. A lot of times, people sell the stock and it moves up further. They become disappointed that there could have been a chance of gaining more profit. But this happens with everyone. The first and foremost thing one shoul 

There are right and wrong times to sell stocks. It's generally a bad idea to sell a stock simply because the price went up or down. On the other hand, there are some other situations that can be perfectly valid reasons to hit the sell button: The reasons you bought the stock no longer apply.The company is being acquired.You need the money, or you will soon.You need to rebalance your portfolio (because it's out of balance, or your investment goals change).You see a better opportunity to invest elsewhere. 1. Did You Lose 10% of Your Investment? Most financial planners suggest dropping a stock if it 

Thanks for the question Adrian. When do you know to sell a stock? 1: When you reach your goal: Here we find that lots of novice traders/investors don’t actually have a goal. They trade with no real rhyme or reason and they eventually go broke. There is a saying “If you don’t have a goal, chances are you will never get there.” So have a goal. A: I want to break $ 10,000 account value this summer - trading. B: I want to make 5 successful trades. C: I will make 3 profitable trades back to back. I will pay my rent with the money in my stock market account. I will make $ 3,000 on this position. Goals 

You should know exactly when you’re going to sell a stock before you buy it. Let me explain… In today’s fast-paced world, it’s hard to make investment decisions that aren’t based on emotions. It’s normal to feel emotional pain when you lose money on stocks, or to feel exhilarated when you make money on a stock. But emotions can tell us that “this time it’s different.” For most people, clinging to the hope that a losing trade will turn around is far easier than admitting it didn’t work, selling it, and moving on. It’s against human nature to take losses. Behavioural scientists have established that  

I would emphasise on something basic yet efficient. This is something that anyone can do easily without requiring proper infrastructure or intense analysis. When a person who has little to no interest in Finance tells you to buy a certain stock/security, it is time to make a move. Chances are, and I actually experienced this first hand, by the time information has reached an industry outsider, smart money has already left. This is called Greater Fool Theory The theory basically states, There will always be a fool to buy an overvalued security and then there will always be a greater fool who will b 

Trying to time the market is a fools game, it is always impossible to tell till after you missed it. Almost nobody can ever guess the peak or the bottom most point of a graph for any stock, but you can do certain things to try to predict(though you still can't in most cases) and if you happen to get lucky, try to purchase when you see the price of the stock rise a little bit from the bottom most point(which is the lowest price the share has been in the recent past), as it is most likely going to keep rising for a brief period of time from that point, and try to sell when the value starts decre 

When it comes to investing, there are two important decisions you need to make – buy and sell decisions. More often than not, selling is actually more difficult than buying. Here’s why. Endowment Effect According to Investopedia, here’s the definition of endowment effect. “The endowment effect describes a circumstance in which an individual values something which they already own more than something which they do not yet own.” Because of endowment effect, we have the tendency to hold on to stocks even if the stocks are no longer fit with our investment goals or they are losing stocks. It becomes har 

What are some of the best strategies in which one can invest in Ethereum ($ETH)?
How does the 1% invest?
I think you have to break down what 1% you’re talking about - the top 1% of wage earners in the USA make more than $420k/year (source - CNBC) whereas the top 1% of wealth starts at 10.4 million of net worth (source - Who Are the Top One Percent by Income and Net Worth? - DQYDJ) Don’t get me wrong - making $400k in a year sounds great and is great. You can do a lot with that kind of income but depending on fixed lifestyle choices, and the state you live in, you can go through that relatively quickly. So you make $400k in a year and after spending and taxes, you have $100k left. What does that mea 

Good question. I decided to research it and write a blog post [1] How do the 1% invest? How do the 1% invest part I? An American household with about $770,000 in wealth makes the cut to be in the top 1%. For income, the same figure is about $420,000. If you earn about $500,000 working in New York City or San Francisco, you probably work long hours and feel like you need to spend the great majority of it on taxes, housing, schooling and so on. Since you are probably busy, you probably pay a financial advisor to handle your investments. They charge a hefty fee, but your money will be in places recomm 

My top 10. Luck. The 99% wait for luck and complain the 1% are just lucky. The 1% look for lucky breaks and pounce on them while everyone else is complaining.Expertise. The 99% invest time in staying up on their favorite teams and reality TV. The 1% invest time in building their expertise and knowledge.Storms. The 99% wait for the storm clouds to clear before they jump into investments. The 1% invest while the storm is raging and everything’s on sale.Slow. The 99% jump into get rich quick and easy schemes. The 1% avoid magic boxes and are happy just getting rich slowly.Secure. The 99% want inve

To be in the top 1% of household income in the US, you need pre-tax income of $425,000. While that is rich by most people’s standards, the majority of those households do not feel rich. They may not have to worry about money for rent or food, but they do worry about money. For one thing, most of them work very hard to get that money and if anything happens to their job or business, the cash would stop coming in. For another, they tend to live in expensive places and pay a lot in taxes. So if you’re thinking of say, a corporate lawyer making $300,000 in Manhattan married to a doctor making $200,0 

How does the 1% Invest: Became a CEO of a Major Corporation, Owning your own Major Corporation and becoming an owner of a Professional Sports Team. Jerry Buss - Owner of Los Angeles Lakers / Professional Basketball Team Mark Cuban - Owner of Dallas Mavericks / Professional Basketball Team Vincent Kennedy McMahon - CEO of WWE (World Wrestling Entertainment) Bill Gates - CEO of Microsoft Warren Buffett - CEO of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Hugh Hefner - CEO and Owner of Playboy Magazine Michael Jordan - Owner of Charlotte Hornets / Professional Basketball Team Jeff Bezos - CEO of Amazon Donald Trump - CEO of T

They participate in investments where one must be an “accredited investor.” What does it take to qualify as an accredited investor? The investor must be able to prove that they either have: A net worth of $1 million (excluding personal residence)Earned $200K for the last two years ($300K jointly)Once they check either one of those boxes, they are eligible to participate in investments that most common folk would never have access to. Let’s take a step back… Why is there an accreditation protocol in the first place? Why does it matter how much a person makes or what their net worth is? The SEC (Secur 

Hi Amy, If you refer to the 1%, I imagine you're referring to the top 1% of investors. I am not in that league, but I have seen how many of them invest very successfully. There is an old saying which says “money makes money” That is one of the truest sayings I have ever heard. Although they might invest in many different areas, two areas that will definitely get their attention are investing for interest, and investing for Profit. Compound interest is a phenomenon which is absolutely mind-boggling and makes one a lot of money. Do a little exercise for yourself, and take an amount of $ 10,000.00 a 

It is said, the party which brings the money to the table controls the terms of the transaction. The 1% mostly engages in “carry trade” investment with negligible risk and very small returns, relying on large capital allocation to provide significant income from investment. This is why an economy dominated by a huge wealth gap has very weak GDP. Since there is little appetite for risk, and the needs of those very few are such a tiny thing, that few can afford to park the capital in very low risk and very low productivity investments. Look at how Warren Buffet trades. He takes on a lot more risk 

Many if not most quietly wealthy people in the 1% do not make most of their investment decisions all by themselves. They instead are smart enough to either have a wealth manager who helps them with this, often for 1% of their invested assets per year, or others have a fee-only financial advisor (to ensure investment recommendations aren’t motivated by commissions). Either way, this person sets up a plan with the wealthy individual at the outset and they meet to review and revise where necessary once a year or more often than that, depending on many variables. Yes, these people also love to inve 

After over 1000 strategy calls with investors and coaching clients over the past couple years here is what I tell W2 employees... For those who are able to save more than $30k a year or have substantial liquidity (over 200k), being a landlord and especially flipping is a lot of work. If you like it cool/good for you... but just remember why we got into this... To be free from a JOB. I always urge people to start with the end in mind and take a more passive approach. Do the math here… you with 300 dollars per property (2 months of work to buy a turnkey rental) you are going to need 20-40 of thes 

Why would one buy individual stocks when they could choose index funds, which have shown great results in the past?
That’s a very interesting question. Buying index funds will give an investor the average return (benchmark), not more, not less. Investors who buy individual stocks, must think that they are better in it than others. Behavioral economists teach us, that people are overconfident, in other words they think they know more than they actually do. I saw a questionnaire once, where people were supposed to rate their driving skills. Well 90% of them said they were above-average drivers, which kind of doesn’t make sense. So people consistently overestimate their abilities, and underestimate the risks i 

Why doesn’t everyone buy a Toyota Camry of Chevy Impala? Probably in white or black, They are fine cars, they would work well for you. They are the average…Index funds have as you said”Shown great results”. Thats because stocks show great results, especially compared to banks, annuities, lottery ticket, etc. The most popular index is the S&amp;P 500. Not 500 great companies, the 500 largest. The top 10 stocks account for much of the performance, certainly the top 100. You bought 400 stocks that aren’t doing a lot for the result. When the index falls, they fall together, Maybe you don’t want tobacc 

I will start with the answer that 99% of investors should not own individual stocks and more importantly, index funds offer a much better alternative - but your strategy does matter. These are my personal opinions and do not constitute investment advice. I have been an investor for over 30 years I can confirm that index funds, which track various markets, have performed well as a proxy for a given market. As a practical matter, the US large cap stock market as expressed by the Russell 1000 (RUI) ETF has increased an average of 10.93% a year over the last 10 years. Capturing purely the market re 

Most people buy individual stocks because of simple human psychology — they want to do better than average and think they are smart enough to pick just the right stocks to do so. Perhaps they know something about a company or its products and have faith that the company will do very well. Or perhaps they got a tip from their Uncle Vinney. And of course some just like the name of the company or claim to have a “gut feel” or claim their astrologer told them to buy something. Most of these are not likely to turn out well, but people are funny when it comes to their reasons for selecting a particu 

 Individual stocks have more volatility but also more return. The index, e.g. S&amp;P500 is comprised of some very good names, but also of some not so good names, that may or may not be incredibely expensive, e.g. they trade at extended multiples while often coming shorts of growth expectations or at high multiples with no growth. “Only X% of the stock market partecipants can beat the market” or “X% of the stock market partecipants underperform”, are classics. Classic BS. You know why? You can’t beat an average if you’re part of the average itself. It simply doesn’t exist that 90% of the people beat 

There are several reasons why I would never invest (completely) in index funds nor would I recommend it, but I’ll just give you my top two reasons why I don’t: Stock Picking: Who doesn’t like to pick their own stocks? It is like artwork in the making. This does take time to learn. But a good stock picker can outperform the overall market. I have already been in AAPL (Apple stock) for 10 years.  And I have been in NFLX for 8 years.  And AMZN (Amazon) for five.  So I know how to pick great stocks. I have methods for this. Why can’t you learn to pick great stocks too? You could outperform the Indexes. Wh 

The people who buy individual stocks are: Arbitragers. Let’s say company A has made an offer to purchase company B for $100 a share and before the the offer, each share was trading at $90. Let’s say the board of company B agrees and the deal is due to close 90 days from today. Let’s say the stock price is trading at $95. This means that the investors are 95% certain the deal with actually close. An arbitrager might make the calculated bet that the deal will go through, and get an guaranteed $5 return on investment, or 5/95 * 100 = 5.26%. That might not seem like very much. However annualized, if  

Current market valuations make index funds less desirable in my opinion. Indexes are great tools to play a rising market. Let us look at the distributive gains in the market. Just three stocks are responsible for most of the market’s gain this year Historical perspective Four stocks are responsible for almost all the Dow's gains in 2017 Stock market gains come from few top performers Why does one need to buy an index when those indexes are packing a huge constellation of a narrow range of stocks responsible for market gains? The fallacy of diversity should be obvious. If the index is the market th 

Several possible reasons. 1.They have a great deal of knowledge about a particular area that they can put to use. For example, I know several people who are in medical/bio-medical fields who like to pick their own biotech investments while using index funds for the rest of their portfolio. 2.They like doing the research and are competitive. Using an index fund is basically a form of capitulation: you’re saying that the market is efficient and you can’t possibly do any better so why bother? Just trust a market cap weighted index fund. They hate this idea at a fundamental level and want to beat th 

I’m amazed at how bad most of the answers are. I assume the questioner wanted to know good reasons to hold individual equities, not the usual bad reasons that people do so. Here are a few: Tax harvesting, i.e. selling losers to reduce your tax burden. This is particularly useful if you are in a high income bracket, and have a good plan to dispose of your winners (e.g. approaching retirement or donation of winners to a charity or charitable trust).Individual circumstances arising from employee stock grants or options. For example, some employers do RSU compensation using a formula that can award

What are the downsides of mutual funds vs. stocks?
When it comes to investing, we hear all-round praise for mutual funds. It seems to be the one-stop solution to all needs attributed to investing. This just tells us that there are blinders limiting our vision. There are certainly some benefits to mutual fund investing, but you should also be aware of the drawbacks associated with mutual funds. Some of them are -  a) Dilution: Although diversification reduces the amount of risk involved in investing in mutual funds, it can also be a disadvantage due to dilution. For example, if a single company held by a mutual fund doubles in value, the mutual f 

Mutual Funds are a great way to diversify one’s holdings and not put all your eggs in a one basket of stocks. You don’t have to constantly watch the performance of a particular stock since the Fund Manager does that. But this comes at a price. Stock Mutual Funds typically hold many hundreds of single stocks but charge a yearly management fee to their owners (called the “Expense Ratio”) typically ranging from 0.4 to 1.5 % of total value. This “hurdle rate” must be overcome in order to make any profit should you decide to sell. Single stocks don’t have these fees. Another downside of owning Mutual 

5paisa Capital Limited’s answer is very good, but fails to address one key fact: Most individual investors lack the training, time and experience to successfully evaluate and monitor individual stock issues. The point of pooled-funds investment vehicles, of which mutual funds are only one example today, is to bring a coherent investment strategy and professional monitoring to the assistance of individual small investors. While the diversification of a fund means that the impact of any one “home run” stock is indeed diluted, it also means that the cratering of another is similarly diluted. The i 

Without waisting a seconds lets start to compare😉 Mutual Funds Vs Stocks Investment 1. Risk and Return Individual stock purchases are a high risk – high return proposition. There is also a chance that you may end up with negative returns. Even though Equity mutual fund schemes have a higher risk due to the asset class they invest in, they have a diversified portfolio. Any negative returns on a single stock can get compensated by the returns generated by another stock. Thus, by investing in mutual funds, you end up avoiding scenarios of negative returns. 2. Management You solely rely on your research 

Well hey it is a nice question which struck my head too. So I will try to give you an idea: Stocks: You could choose the Stock directly in which you want to invest. Like one fine morning I decided to buy 10 shares of Reliance and I placed the order.Similarly, one morning I decided to sell my stocks and I sold them.So, here I'm trying to explain you is that you are a free bull you can do whatever you want I.e., buy or sell your stock it is up to you. Now it do comes with some drawback and especially if you are a retail investor, you just can't place an order whenever you want you have to watch 1. M 

The downsides of mutual funds versus stocks can be summarized by one word: costs. Mutual funds have the 1. disclosed fees, such as share holder fees, purchase fees, maintenance fees etc. In short, those fees they must tell you about. 2. undisclosed fees, those include a. brokerage fees b. they might purchase securities at ‘ask prices’ and sell them to dealers at ‘bid prices’. They are not the same, and “ask prices” are always higher. If a mutual fund makes a large purchase, it will drive the price up 3. You lose due to “tax inefficiency”, in other words, the mutual fund does not buy a stock whe 

This isn’t everything but a couple of quick points. With a mutual fund you have to pay a fee, because it’s being managed by someone hopefully skilled. A mutual fund is like a basket of stocks so all of the risk isn’t in just one company. Investing in one stock doesn’t have the fee per se (there might be some indirect ways there is) but unless the company has a strong situation there’s no telling what you can realisticly expect. The company could even be doing well, but be currently unpopular for some time. If something like that happens though they’ll probably either pay a dividend to make up  

Although I believe access to professional asset managers and instant diversification are positives of mutual funds that outweigh the negatives, there are a few tradeoffs to be aware of when comparing to investing directly in stocks: Cost - Mutual fund have management fees that can range from less than half a percent to more than two percent. These fees come out of the value of your investment and will reduce your overall return. With stocks, you may get charged a small commission when you buy, but there won’t be any ongoing fees for however long you hold it. Bottom line: Look for funds with low 

Mutual fund is one of the most popular option of investment today. Due to its advantages it becomes quite a preferable choice in everyone’s investment portfolio. Main advantages of mutual funds are: Professional Management Diversification Risk Control Decent Earnings Low cost Liquidity Flexibility Others:- like Transparency, Affordable, Well Regulated Disadvantages With many above advantages mutual funds also have some limitations like No fixed/guaranteed returns- mutual funds gives returns higher than deposits and bonds but its returns are not guaranteed or fixed. Major investment of mutual fund is in s 

there are more mutual funds than stocks. the funds are a conglomeration of stocks (and maybe bonds and other stuff as well) they have management fees, loads, restrictions and most can’t beat the sp500 before all that friction is added. They do have professional management that you pay for but with no guarantee that they can keep up with the market or protect you in down turns. Stocks can also be a crap shoot but individual investors can do better than the professionals. Control the downside risks and with good selection criteria one can do well. Get IBD and read O’Neil and learn, start small a 

Are hedge fund managers actually intelligent?
What are index funds and what’s the difference between them and regular stock trading?
What are some ways to 'get rich slow' in the stock market other than investing in index funds?
Should I sell my index funds now and start accumulating stocks for bigger gains?
Why can’t we privatize social security?
Are mutual funds meant for long term investments?
Yes, for most people, but only if you use them in the right way! Too many people use index funds to: SpeculateIndex funds only work if you are long-termSure the chance of you being up if you invest for 1 year, or 5 years, is 72%-86%, historicallyHowever, even if you are lucky, and get 20% over 5 years as the markets are doing better than average, getting 8%-10% over 50 years is more money than 20% over 5 yearsMost people don’t buy and hold. They buy, sell, buy, sellThey tend to panic during geopolitical crisis (North Korea, elections - like Trump in 2016) and when markets are going downThey wat

Frankly speaking, that is one of the best option. But, I do not suggest you invest all of your money into mutual funds. You need to invest wisely. Firstly, know how much money is enough when you suddenly lose your job or run out of business or there is an emergency in your family? Probably enough to survive the rest of your life. But life doesn’t work that way, does it? It might when you win a lottery or inherit your ancestral property. The question “How much should you have in your savings account?” doesn’t have the same answer for everyone. Let us use a simple formula to estimate the answer to  

You must always remember that any investment carries some risk, though this risk differs with the investment. Coming to mutual funds - All mutual funds do not invest in shares (this is a point which many investors are unaware of)For simplicity, one can classify mutual funds into 3 main categories, namely equity funds, debt funds and hybrid fundsEquity funds invest in shares and their risk profile is high to very high risk depending on the sub category of equity fundsDebt funds DO NOT INVEST IN SHARES, but in bonds, debentures, government securities and fixed income marketsHybrid funds combine th

No not exactly ! Mutual Fund can be categorised into following four parts , according to the asset content : Liquid Funds :Asset content : CP’s, T Bills and 30 to 90 days debt papersSuitability : Can be chosen for all your emergency fund and short term surplus parking, for expectation of 1–2% alpha over Bank savings rateLiquidity : 1 day or may be even 30 seconds ( now a days)Debt Funds :Asset content : G Sec, Corporate Bonds etc with 1–15 years maturitySuitability : Can be chosen for all your Fixed Income requirements or 1–2 years savings need, for expectation of 1–2% alpha over Bank FD ratesL

Mutual funds are safe compared to equity funds. Equity shares are also known as ordinary shares. They are the form of part ownership in which the shareholder, as a fractional owner, takes the maximum business risk. The holders of Equity shares are members of the company and have voting rights. Equity shares are the vital source for raising long-term capital. A mutual fund is a type of financial vehicle made up of a pool of money collected from many investors to invest in securities such as stocks, bonds, money market instruments, and other assets. Mutual funds are operated by professional money  

Investment depends on your goals. Once you identify your short-term and long-term goals, you can direct your investment to achieve these objectives. If you are looking at a short term goal - to be achieved in a few years - then you have to choose short-term debit funds. Equity funds can give good profits to people with long-term goals of buying a home or car compared to other funds. Therefore, the basic rule is to identify your goal before identifying the correct mutual fund.  "It is important for you to be patient with your mutual fund investments. It takes time to deliver results. "Which period 

To be precise, equity mutual funds are meant for long term investments. The reason is simple. Equity mutual funds invest the money in the stock market. The stock market is volatile in nature. It means the returns are not fixed. I nthe short term, the stock market is more volatile but in the long term, the market trajectory is always towards an upward direction.  Let me explain this volatility with an example of a large-cap equity mutual fund performance during Covid19: Case 1: If you had invested Rs 1 lakh in Kotak Bluechip Fund - Direct growth just one year ago in Nov 2019, then by March 2020 (wit

There are 2 levels to view this a) in where you are, does the stock market gives the best return given your investing horizon. There are some countries eg Malaysia where over a 30 yr period, property has better returns. If you are in such places, why choose index funds? b) if the stock market is the best investment, if you just want to be a passive investor and dont want to learn, then index fund is the best. But if you are interested to learn, you can learn investing skills that will enable you to beat the index. If you belong to this group, why choose index fund? 282 viewsLes MikesellAnswered 1 year ago · Author has 10.4K answers and 1.2M answer viewsOriginally Answered: Are index mutual funds good for a long-term investment?

Yes, but note that there are many index funds - some are for ‘sectors’ of industry and some by sizes of companies. Some of these may do better than others for short terms depending on market conditions. When people talk about index funds being good for the long term they are usually talking about very broad indexes like Vanguard’s total stock market fund or something that tracks the S&amp;P 500 which, being the largest companies, makes up the bulk of the market anyway. These perform like ‘business in general’. If businesses are making money - and that is why they exist - then these funds will refl 

Dear Sid Raj, So when you use the term ‘safe’ I presume you mean safe as in Bank deposits. (But with recent bank scams you might have seen even that is NOT safe). So please understand that investing is Equity is Risky. Yes, Large cap MF are less risky compared to Mid &amp; Small cap funds. 93 viewsRekhit Pachanekar, P.G.D.M Master of Business Administration Degrees, Indian Institute of Management Indore (2014)Answered 2 years ago · Author has 108 answers and 143.6K answer viewsOriginally Answered: Are index funds the best investment over the long term?

I'm looking at investing in ETFs and index funds long term. I was planning to start around the first 2020 stock market crash. However, I want to wait and see if there is another. Do you think there will be another great buying opportunity this year?
Should I invest in index funds monthly regardless of market conditions? Does this not create a bubble that is set for disaster?
Market Conditions do matter. It is unwise to buy any stock derivative such as an index fund if the market is near the end of a bull cycle. How can you determine whether the market is at the beginning, middle or end of a bull market can be achieved several ways. Technical Analysis on the Long Term Primary Trend. Technical Analysis is NOT a predictive tool. It is a visual graph with empirical data sets of what happened with price or value for a stock, index, fund, ETF or other derivative. Below is the long term primary trend for the S&amp;P500. The average bull market timeline is approximately 6–10 y

Yes for a simple reason. I have never, not even once, met a DIY investor that has beaten the market through market timing long-term. I have met countless that: Have managed it short-termHaven’t managed it at allJack Bogle, the founder of Vanguard, who sadly died last year, claims that he never met an effective market timer in his 90 year life. Maybe there are a very small number of professionals that managed it. Most professionals, and probably 100% of DIY investors, don’t manage it. Think about it this way. You often hear people say “such and such a person made $1billion from this or that crisis”.  

Buying regularly in an index fund is the best strategy for one who doesn’t want or doesn’t have time to do stock market research and it’s, until proven otherwise, a good strategy. Passive investment blindly follows active investment. When you passively invest 100$ it will be distributed as the active investment dictates. The regular buy has its advantages (which is called dollar cost averaging) because if you buy monthly, you will certainly also buy when the market is depressed and those buys will cover your losses when you buy the market at high levels. Long term, you should hope for a 7% YoY  

Dollar cost averaging works well when the market goes up or down. If you are investing regularly in the markets when times are good you are buying at a good average price and then enjoying increase in the market. When the market goes down we rarely get out at the top. Those that say they do typically are liars. When the market begins to drop it sets a break even point for us if we stayed in the markets. Buying regularly when the market is dropping will actually benefit you once market recover occurs. It actually lowers our breakeven point for recovery. Example: You are buying in the market and t 

Supporters of cost averaging claim that it is an elegant strategy. As long as you are investing regularly, you don’t have to worry about whether the market is going up or down because you are gaining when the market is going up, and you are buying more cheaply when the market is going down. The exception that few people talk about is how your risk profile changes through your life. When you are near retirement age, you do not have time to recover from the capital destruction that a crash will inflict. Those with 20 years of work life ahead of them will probably have a couple more boom/bust cycl 

Absolutely. I did for 35 years to a “most excellent” early retirement. My first 2k IRA (VOO) in 84′ is worth 80k. It lost 60% of its value 3 years later in 10/87. Again in 2008. But it just kept growing. I watched my parents in law pull out in 87. They died with 75k in the bank making 2%. Sad. My mom didn't do that and died with 900k in her S&amp;P funds. Buffet says,” If you can't stand to watch your portfolio drop by 50% then don't be in the market.’ If you want you can buy Vanguards VOO in England and put a 20% stop loss on it. Buffet also recommends a 10% bond position. I like Vanguard VTEB tax fr 

I believe that monthly investments in a fund is a much better way to invest. I did this for my own children - a small £40 per quarter for each of them has grown to £25,000 over 18 years. I am not sure of choosing an index fund because some argue that index funds can be the cause of churning (buying/selling too often). Index funds have to be automatically realigned when the markets move, to ensure the index is still aligned. This might involve more fees than you would want. I would suggest you research fund managers &amp; their performance, reputation etc. Research the sectors you might invest in &amp; w 

Yes, if your goal is long term growth, a ‘dollar cost averaging’ system can work. Invest the same dollar amount each month, regardless of share price. Don’t buy the same number of shares each month; in fact, ignore the share price altogether. Buy the same dollar amount of shares. Be aware that the system takes a modicum of discipline. Pick a monthly amount you’ll always be able to invest, and do it. Religiously. This works better with mutual funds, since they’ll allow you to buy fractional shares. Vanguard, Fidelity, etc. You can do this with any mutual fund. Index funds are appropriate, but other 

You don’t invest in “index funds.“ You invest, in a plan. Only buy index funds when index funds are the solution to your plan. Know WHY you are doing, what you are doing, before you start doing it. Be at cause, not at effect, with the universe. Otherwise, not if, but when the market begins to go against you, your focus will go off of the plan and onto the markets. And once this begins to happen, once the tail (the markets) begins to wag the dog (your decisions) the plan, if there ever was one, is doomed. Good luck 412 views · View upvotes2Dale Miller, former Entrepreneur, Investor, Philanthropist, Volunteer Answered 1 year ago · Author has 4.2K answers and 720.5K answer views

Yes, by all means, you should invest regularly in index funds. It is impossible to predict when the next market downturn will happen. Yes, there will be one, but long-term investors ride out the inevitable dips in the market and do just fine. Remember… The only people who get hurt on a roller coaster are the ones who jump off. and while you’re at it, stop thinking about bubbles and disasters… That panic will only make you frozen, unable to decide when is the precise good time to be investing. Forget about all that, and just invest regularly. 378 views · View upvotes · Answer requested by George Wilkin1David Fitzsimmons, former COBOL Cowboy, Ex-broker, PlusAnswered 1 year ago · Author has 4.3K answers and 562.7K answer views

Do traders, analysts, and researchers working at large investment managers and hedge funds believe in concepts like "resistance" or "support" from “technical analysis” or are they simple/cognitively-tempting concepts that amateur traders adopt?
I’m assuming you do not use technical analysis and or have not studied it? Perhaps you should then you would see how it actually works. Over and over again you can see price bounce off of resistance and support, or the predictive price from a bull flag come to fruition or a fib level being clung to. All firms making profits from trading will use TA to some extent because it works. You have to remember though that TA deals with probability and probability ONLY. So an indication in TA suggesting a price might rise by 40% has a probability factor attached to it so it may not work at all. The point is  

I was A2A’d, but I know there are a lot of people who won’t like my answer. Speaking from the perspective of someone who spent his career in large hedge funds, no they don’t typically use signals like that for trading. They aren’t seen as totally meaningless, but they are seen as something which is easily overwhelmed by more significant price phenomena. If you’re trading on those ‘signals’ and making money, that’s most often viewed as coincidentally profitable rather than causal. And it won’t last long. In a little while your ‘system’ (a much abused word) will fail. What large hedge funds worry a 

I don’t fully agree with the previous answer, but of course I don’t have anywhere near the experience so take what I say with a grain of salt. Support breaks. Resistance breaks. And a bunch of coordinated retail investors probably wasn’t the culprit. I’m sure “smart money” in hedge funds, etc. use support and resistance, but not like retail investors do. For these big sharks, they have the power to make or break support and resistance. Remember, hedge funds aren’t just limited to buy low, sell high (or opposite for shorting) techniques, they absolutely can manipulate the market. They can really 

Very simply, technical analysis is based on the precept that what has happened in the past will happen again. The problem is when and how. Knowing the fundamentals about a company is much more important. Yet, there is some truth concerning resistance and support. That is because of human nature. People, generally, have trouble taking a loss (I know I do). They hold on expecting the stock they own to rebound. After all, this will validate their original judgment to have purchased it. When it finally rebounds (assuming it does), they are happy to have avoided the loss and broken even or with a s 

Anyone trading in any market knows there are there are prices with support and prices with resistance. It’s obvious and undeniable. There are many reasons that these things develop: pools of potential buyers or sellers with specific price constraints, arbitrages with other markets that get triggered at some point, contractual breakpoints, formal limit and stop orders, weak hands, leverage and margin rules among others. These tendencies are usually ephemeral—weak and fleeting—at the scale useful for analysts and researchers. So analysts and researchers typically make decisions without considerin 

Please note that I’m answering this A2A question from my experience as a sell-side analyst/strategist, even though the questioner seems to seek a buy-side perspective. Also, personally I am almost strictly technical. (Note: Buy-side = Mutual funds, pension funds, hedge funds… the ones that get management fees from retail investors and speculators, like Fidelity, Putnam, Citadel, Bridgewater… ; Sell-side = Broker/dealers mostly and others peddling trading/investing ideas to get commissions, think Merrill Lynch, Morgan Stanley, E*Trade, Interactive Broker…) The following observations are from anec 

“Investment managers and hedge funds” is a VERY broad category. Most of the investment managers that I worked with were fundamentally oriented, in that they didn’t use much (if any) technical analysis. That’s not to say that they weren’t “technically informed” when making a trading decision, but they generally focused the majority of their research on finding companies that would beat earnings expectations. If that happened, then the technicals would take care of itself. There is a large subset of hedge funds that trade quantitatively, and their algorithms are at least partially informed by tec 

I think this is a really good question. Why: because when I was a student I was wondering the same! So I guess that some other people would like to know this, although from an experienced perspective it may be easy. Well I don't know all the companies and professionals. I have not a very extensive experience being working for 2 years but I believe that there is a large group of professionals using these indicators. Why: mainly because 1) a lot of people invest, and a big group has no knowledge of finance even if investing, so they would try of course to trust some experts giving their values and 

I've worked in the early phase of my career in a Dutch bank (wealth management) where some folks during the daily market update calls were discussing opportunities to invest. Words like resistance, support were thrown around… Some of these were folks +50yrs, which never went to university for example and just had a high school degree, having worked in the bank for +30yrs. I hope for their sake, they don't do it anymore. It would be naive to think these things don't happen. I'm sure they still do. Generally, rule of thumb, in a large bank where things like these are discussed it won't happen. And w 

A2A, In my experience, YES there are levels of “support” and “resistance” in investments, both publicly traded securities and in the analysis of ‘large non-public investments’. There’s an old saying in bond investing: “There’s no such thing as a bad bond; only a bad price.” So I think for any investment, no matter the merits, there’s a level at which the price becomes so low or so high that it almost compels a decision. Then, over time, metrics develop around investments, and these create said support and resistance levels. For example, if you set out to make 5% on your apartment building or bond 

Did the bottom of the stock market already pass back in March?
Maybe. Nobody knows for sure. If you put a gun to my head I would say there is a 70%+ chance that the market bottom was hit at 18k for the following reasons: Fear is a stronger emotion than greed. People panicked, not after the virus hit, but after the government shutdowns.There has been a lot of QE since MarchInterest rates are down even more than before. So it isn’t like people can make a lot of money in the bank. In some countries you are lucky to get 0.1% nowLong-term, it isn’t like the market will get smaller. Now individual firms, like the airlines, will get smaller. But look at it this w

A2A. My response is purely opinion based on my experience. The bottom has not been reached. We saw historic falls in mid/late March which was mainly caused by the coronavirus pandemic. See chart:  As of April 7, 2020, we closed at $2749.98, which brought back almost half of the gains we lost from when the S&amp;P500 hit highs at the end of February. This is partly in response to many nations reporting decreasing case numbers and quantitative easing efforts. This is a very volatile situation, and we should not be moving up this much in such a short time span, as well, we lost a lot in a short time spa 

AS a rule of thumb, there is no one can be certain which way the financial market is going to move. However, if we take a look at indices through the last 3 months we’ll see that the greatest hit for the market was in the last third of March. Dow Jones Industrial Average  Source MarketWatch S&amp;P 500 Index  Source MarketWatch NASDAQ Composite Index  Source MarketWatch Global Dow Realtime USD  Source MarketWatch For gold, the biggest dump was 2 days prior to the above indices as the chart shows below.  Source MarketWatch Crude oil plunged to the lowest level on 03/18 and again on the last of March through the fir 

I previously answered a question similar to this, and gave a prediction. I was wrong. I should have known I was going to be wrong, and even if I was right, well, I still would have been wrong. Why? Because no one, not a single soul knows where the stock market is going to go at any point ever. Stocks can beat earnings and drop 20%. Economic data can be released stating that the unemployment record is worse than it’s ever been ever, and stocks go up. Stimulus packages can be announced and stocks go down. Of course, events and data do effect stock prices, just not in a 100% predictable way. Anyone 

No and Yes. There is no one on this earth who can actually predict the bottom of the stock market. As it is something which is not controlled by anyone. For example if I ask you as to what will be the death rate of India in 2050? Now in this particular question you can bring in all your historical data and analysis and can give me a figure but you can still not definitely be sure that your prediction will be sound. As the death rate is a thing which is not in your control. We have a similar situation with stock markets as well. As there is no one person, agency or company which controls it and it 

Short answer is no one knows. We are in times of high uncertainties and lots of opportunities. In addition to following best practices in investing such as proper diversification among asset classes, it is important to utilize Time Diversification and Dollar Cost Averaging because they protect against sharp long-term market declines which no one knows when and where they are going to happen. (If you want more details on Time Diversification and Dollar Cost Averaging, please check Navigating COVID-19 Through Time Diversification ) Examples of Long-Term Sharp Declines Japan Nikkei 225 Index The belo 

Who knows. I don’t think the bottom is in yet. I think the markets in denial. “Oh look infections are peaking!” Yea, it’s like a Ferrari driving 200mph on a 45mph curve that warns of a steep, and thinking the curves not a big deal, because they can see the ocean already… GDP is collapsing. Unemployment reached 30mill in the US. Stimulus skyrocketed national debt, in hopes of preserving illiquid companies. That doesn’t solve the issue of companies facing solvency issues, while operating on thin margins. Who knows how that will impact inflation. Meanwhile, a second wave of infections is in the back of  

Yes nifty 50 has its second worst quarter ever during the January - March period .an advanced - decline which has largely been skewed towards the latter over the past few days and an easing of India vix from recent highs suggest the market has become oversold postion and that it may have found a bottom Nse benchmark nifty 50 has had its second worst quarter ever during the jan-march period recording a 23% fall India vix the fear gauge hit a multi year high of 86 leval during the period but it has since started falling and moved to 49.74 leval by the end of thurday market. The sharp drop in vix w 

Maybe… or Maybe not. ,but if you are investing long term and not near the end of your term (10 years) I would and am continuing to invest the same percentage of my income (Yes I have adjusted what I am focusing on) in order to have an income stream that allow me to live the way I want to live and still keep investing the same percentage of my income as before. I set a target that my investment portfolio’s balance needs to reach in order to move to the next part of my life plan. I anticipated a lot of what the government does ,but I did not anticipate a lockdown and as a “mop up procedure” econo 

Let’s see. The world’s economy was doing fantastic until early-mid March. So based on the numbers coming in from the first 3 months with basically a two week world shut-down, it’s not doing too bad. But most of the big numbers have not been calculated yet. The rich countries around the world are just barely starting to trickle open after just the first four weeks of just the first part of this quarter. Boeing and Airbus and all the car companies have stopped production and will most likely need billions of dollars of taxpayer money to not collapse. Know anyone who wants to fly (or take a train  

S&amp;P 500 always goes up in the long term. Is it a good idea to invest in a 3X bull ETF based on S&amp;P 500?
What's the biggest mistake that stock market investors make?
In my experience, the biggest mistake stock market investors make is they have no idea how to evaluate a stock. The reason most retail investors (+90% according to some estimates) lose money is they don’t understand the fundamentals of what they’re investing in. People spend more time researching the purchase of a new car than they do putting the same amount of money (or more) into buying stocks. They buy shares in firms whose names they recognize, brands they like, or dubious stock tips they saw on TV or read about online. They chase investing trends and “hot stocks” because they have a fear o 

As a professional investor, I am consistently amazed at the “expert” recommendations bandied about the internet. Most of these “expert” recommendations are naive and foolish, so rather than build a more academic list (which I have done before) I am going to take this opportunity to fight back against these dangerous and foolish “recommendations”! 1. Investing in IPOs.Let’s be VERY clear about what an initial public offering is NOT. It is NOT “the ground floor” of a company. The ground floor was the Series A investment by the Venture Capital firms. You are not getting in on the “ground floor” w 

A famous story about stock market :-Once upon a time in a small town, there were two brothers. They used to sell “Fuchkaa”. They were earning good amount of money for their daily expenses. One day, One man passed by their stalls. He met these two brothers and talked to them. He told them an idea to become a millionaire. Both brothers were on cloud 9. They wanted to listen the idea. So, they requested him to tell the idea in details. He agreed but wanted 30% in return of what they would earn profits. They agreed and deal was done. Name of brothers were : Prem and Prakash. And, let’s say his na 

Here are my views about common mistakes to avoid while building an investment portfolio. Making portfolio work for us Do not put all eggs in one basket – so goes an old investment saying. While aiming for rewards, risks need to be managed too. Diversifying risks with a portfolio is what all of us (including the big fund managers) do but there are few aspects (learned hard way) which help us get make portfolio perform better. Portfolio theory is as old as investment theory itself. I am not intending to change anything there but I would like to touch upon practical aspects and some of the best prac 

Short answer: lack exit plan. The only soldiers who go to combat w/o an exit plan are Kamikaze. They don’t need one because they expect to die. Unfortunately so do a lot of market participants. The apparent simplicity of the answer hides sophisticated concepts that can be broken down in two part: statistical and psychological trading edge I Statistical trading edge A Stock picking is overrated Most market participants believe that stock picking is the alpha and omega of alpha generation. Stock picking is merely everything that precedes entry. It excludes bet size and exit. Unfortunately, stock pic 

Hi, There are a lot of people that believe stock market is a speculation market, or gambling, if you may. But if you ask a professional, they will tell you completely otherwise. No doubt there is a little bit of speculation involved, but it is more about fundamentals and rules that you must rely on in order to succeed in stock market. Most people fail because they trade as gamblers. I am going to list a few other reasons hereon, kindly read below: No StoplossesPeople fail to realise the importance of stoplosses. For the uninitiated, stop loss in a trade is the lower limit that you can set while b 

Nobody gets investing right all the time. Even successful investors and experienced traders have to shake off common mistakes now and then. Because it’s next to impossible to avoid mistakes completely, successful practitioners learn from their missteps to minimize them in the future. The good news is that most of these mistakes can be avoided simply through awareness. We will take a look at the most common mistakes here: Lacking The Confidence To Get Started This is a mistake I made early on. Before I started investing on my own, I had a money manager who invested my money in mutual funds. I didn’ 

The biggest mistake investors make is that they tend to do things at the wrong time, and often the worst possible time. That’s a phrasing of the phenomenon that I borrowed from Marc Faber, but the following thoughts are my own. Martin Armstrong talks about one Japanese client he had who became interested in Armstrong’s work (Armstrong called the 1989 high pretty much to the day). The client had never invested in stocks before, but somehow was persuaded by an argument that seasonality meant the market would always go up during a certain period, and he ended up buying the high (and my guess is no 

Thanks for the A2A. It depends on the type of investor: Day Traders These are people who know nothing and know they know nothing, but still want to play the market. They are constantly brainwashed by Wall St, CNBC, financial advisors, discount brokers, Forex platforms, YouTube channels, etc. After all the media bombardment and reading candlestick patterns these poor souls start to think that they have figured out what to do. They become delusional and make the mistake of thinking that a guy at home in his pajamas can consistently make profits and compete with major Investment Banks , High-Frequen 

Gamboling in the markets is in equal parts an enterprise involving right psychology, right skills and right information. While there is help to counter the lack of information, psychology and skill sets are investors’ to manage. Following are some of the common investor missteps: Myth: Stock market is only about data and information. It requires first-degree decision making (I look at data in absolutes and take a decision)Sentiment. Stock market runs on it. The emotions of the millions of investors is the fuel that powers this big, bad engine. Investors, who believe that we live in a world run b 

What makes the price of a stock go up?
What is the worst investment?
If the best investments only get you 10-15% returns a year, how do people become rich from investing?
People get rich, for example, by simply investing $100 into the S&amp;P index fund each month (with annual increases to adjust for 2% annual inflation) for 50 years (with the average market return rate at 12.4%) to build $5.4 million in wealth (about $2 million in today’s dollars). This does not even include the dividends earned from the index fund. With the stock market S&amp;P index fund averaging 13.13% market return over the last 10 years and paying annual dividends at around 2% per year, one’s stock portfolio will double in value every 5.75 years. So in a span of 48 years, $10k grows to $20k, then 

Well, best on the market of what’s available to everyone investments give 10% .. 15% returns, or are otherwise gambles. That’s indeed true. The thing is, investments are tricky beasts. Let me start from two simple examples: A friend wants to buy that car, and is $500 short on cash. You are standing next to them. They are happy to borrow $500 from you and pay back $600 a week later from their paycheck.Chase just sent me a yet another “keep this much money on a freshly opened account, get a few hundred $$$ back”.What I’m saying is that while the institutionalized investments are not the sources to  

Me and my fiancé are in the 1% in our state by hard and smart work, not age adjusted. Not super rich if you count older people many of whom are in the top 0.1% or higher, but enough to live comfortably for the rest of our lives at our late 20s. To answer your question, you don’t with that premise in your mindset because 15% is miracle level (over the long term) and 10% is Warren Buffett level over a long period of time managing a lot of money for others, and he has the advantage of float where he is paid to borrow money, on top of half a century of gains in a long term economic cycle bull marke 

Well, the best investments don’t return 10–15% a year, they return much more. Getting 10–15% a year consistently for a long period of time would be considered excellent on average, but that doesn’t mean you couldn’t do far better picking winners with the benefit on hindsight. The problem is that you don’t have that benefit in advance. Venture capital investors often encounter eye-popping returns. For an extreme example, Sequoia invested $52M in WhatsApps Series B in 2013; the next year the company was bought by Facebook, and Sequoia saw a ~50x (5000% return in one year). And that was a series B 

I know a few - as in not many - people who have done quite well from investing. I also enjoy reading about people who have done well. Around the period of 2001 to 2006 I also made a few good investments myself, mainly by taking a lot of “calculated risk” and focusing on a single niche. Here are few things I have learned / experienced / noticed from my own and other people’s investments: Time. As many have pointed out, different forms of “exponential growth” is very powerful but it usually takes 30+ years to really kick into gear!Discipline. I watched a documentary of an F/X trader some years ago.

Let's take an example of a average person. He will probably have an average income say 50000$ a year. A saving rate say 10%. He probably invest all/almost all of his money in low return deposits, paying 3% which after inflation (2%) and taxes and fees net him no additional money. His income also increases barely by inflation rate. So after working for 35 years he will have around 2,00,000$ in savings , a mortgage free house, a 401k with same money , a car and a social security check. Now let us look at another person say joe. Joe is a ambitious person. He wants to make it big. So he will not be c 

If you have been looking at stocks, you know the prices of many stocks have become inflated. For example, not many people can afford 100 or 1000 shares of Amazon when it is over $1800 / share. So many investors have turned to options trading. Typically, by selling options that are 80% out of the money (OTM) with defined risk, you can make at least 5% / month which would equate to about a 78% return per year. With the rule of 72s, that means that you could double your money about every 10 months. Also, I have invested in stocks that more than doubled price in one year. It takes a lot of researc 

They don’t-at least not the way you are asking. Specifically, rich become rich-and poor become poor-because of their behavior. Investments are PART of that behavior-and frequently the most important “investing” is in knowledge, advice, and contacts as opposed to “hot” stock tips. Not because of money. The media is FULL of examples of lottery winners that went broke, and $8 an hour janitors that leave millions to their Alma Mater. A better question might be “How do we break the cycle of the poor “choosing” to get poorer. To be blunt, poor people aren’t going to “do” anything (not PC; don’t care) dif 

Rich ? Actually this kind of return on consistent basis can make you so rich Read how You got to understand that the most valuable thing on this planet is time’ Why - let's get this, this way imagine I am broke i don't have car, I don't own house , I can't do whatever I want, I can't go traveling I can't take responsibilities but In one thing I am equal Jeff Bezos the richest person on this planet is time' I got 24 hours and the same amount of time he got. Why I mentioned this line. Because time can make you rich if you can accumulate to get the 15% return on your investment every year . Statistics  

There are a lot of decent answers here, so I thought I would talk about what everyone seems to be ignoring: TAXES BABY! Illustrations have shown you how your $10K a year investment can compound to turn into a gazillion dollars by the time you’re ready to retire. But they are not factoring in the most important rule of all … its not what you make, its what you keep! And Uncle Sam wants his “fair share” from your investments! Interest income is taxed as regular income. Top fed rate was 39.6% but Trump just lowered to 37%. Each state is different. New California top rate is 13.3%. You are trying to 

What will be the cause of the next stock market crash?
 “The point is, ladies and gentleman, that greed, for lack of a better word, is good. Greed is right, greed works. Greed clarifies, cuts through, and captures the essence of the evolutionary spirit. Greed, in all of its forms; greed for life, for money, for love, knowledge has marked the upward surge of mankind. And greed, you mark my words, will not only save Teldar Paper, but that other malfunctioning corporation called the USA.” - Gordon Gekko As we enter 2018 which is the ninth consecutive year of the US market bull run, it is clear that global market valuations are lofty. The big question th 

There are a large and growing number of legendary investors admitting publicly that markets are fully valued using many metrics. The calls for a market correction have been going on for what seems like forever now and with every passing day it seems these legendary names are being proven early or wrong. Most of the arguments go something like this, as volatility is at all time lows and markets are at all time highs, at some point there will be a market correction that brings back some form of fear to the market which has been epically lacking as the BTFD (Buy the F***** Dip) mentality continues 

I doubt it, the banks are well capitalized and the stock market is fairly priced on a P/E basis, maybe even undervalued. It is highly unlikely, but I don’t know, and nobody knows. What we do know is: Markets go up long-term. You would be worth 100M now if you had invested $20,000 in 1941…if your dad had. This is all noise.Nobody can time markets`big crashes` happen every 50–70 years, like 1929 and 2008.The average DIY investor loses by market timingThe biggest piece of advice I would give is ignore the CNBC, Bloomberg and other gurus. Professor H. Nejat Seyhun found that between 1963 and 1993 the 

Reasons the Stock Market Will Likely Crash Again 1. A second wave of illness Regardless of where you stand, the current lack of vaccine means there’s is at least a chance of countries being hit with a second wave of illness. Health officials and organizations around the world are warning of an impending "second wave," i.e. a repeated increase in the numbers of new instances of infection. Estimates on when this might happen vary from the holiday season to early autumn. As many countries are beginning to lift restrictions and re-open businesses and public spaces, this might happen sooner rather th 

Complacency and false assumptions… it’s the same every time. (This time it’s mostly passive investing, like ETFs, and crazy FANG-type valuations) - “Managers and investors alike must understand that accounting numbers are the beginning, not the end, of business valuation.” – Warren Buffett - Only 10% of stock trading today is based on fundamentals, according to research from JP Morgan. That means that 90% of trading in the stock market is based upon something other than looking at a company’s intrinsic value. So, how the heck are people deciding which stock to buy? “Stocks are not, then, trading based  

Wouldn't it be incredible if speculators could foresee when the market would go up, and when it goes down? Individuals positively attempt. At whatever point huge news occurs, you can discover analysts on the two sides. Regardless of what the news is, somebody supposes it's the following 2008, and another person believes it's a blasting chance. (There are constantly opposite sides to any exchange, obviously.)  The thing is, the short, sharp stuns in the Stock market – the kind of single or various day moves which truly get features agitating – regularly originate from bizarre, unusual things: rema 

Short answer - Crazy growth valuations set by the precedence of unicorn companies like Facebook, Apple, Alphabet (Google), Amazon, Netflix, Microsoft. Take a look below…  Did you know that for Uber’s IPO, they tried to file for a $100B valuation? They were still burning billions of cash and still negative in profits. How about WeWork’s failed IPO and how their $47B valuation in 2019 is now only $2.9B? Oh, and don’t forget, for WeWork, it was Softbank bidding up the valuation against themselves! (Fraud, anyone?) To give you a sense of how ridiculous these numbers sound… The entire uranium SECTOR (not  

My strongest bet would be on strong dollar. As dollar begins to rise (due to the inherent discrepancy between physical dollars and the dollar denominated assets and liabilities that lie beyond US on balance sheets, i.e paper dollar), it should cause significant amount of stress to be built in many foreign markets. Since 2008, emerging market countries (which escaped the build up of debt largely in the prior cycle), have levered up on significant amount of dollar denominated debt. About $38 billion worth of US currency bonds issued by Indian companies can be found on registered issues for exampl 

Do you think the stock market will crash again? Yes, think about it, you don't have to look at TA. We are still in a global pandemic(which exponentially continues to get worse by each day, although the epicenters may be declining, but those are containable), cities throughout the country are protesting if not rioting &amp; looting, and we have astronomically high unemployment rates and a stagnant economy. Why would it go up? If so it's being hyperinflated right before a major crash. Honestly, on paper we look like big version of Venezuela; no offense to Venezuela, but I mean even North Korea has the 

Stock Market Crashes occur for 2 reasons. There is a sudden event that is unforeseen called a Black Swan. The event creates an immediate high risk for many listed corporations that will quickly impact their revenues, earnings and growth. The Banking Debacle hidden extremely high leveraging of the big banks was a Black Swan event in 2008. The 9/11 Attack on the Financial District in NYC was another Black Swan Event. The sudden bankruptcy of many professional Broker/Dealers in 1987 was another Black Swan event. The Savings and Loan Debacle and Junk Bond extreme leveraging that put many financial 

What is one finance book that most legendary hedge fund managers have read/recommended?
How does a person know if the stock market is doing well?
What stock pays the highest dividend and have been going up in the last 3 years?
Does Bill Gates have shares in Apple?
If I buy 20% of Google's shares (or any other company's) from a stock buying app, will the companies be notified that I have bought such a large amount?
Can I invest 1 million dollars in a cheap share, say a $5 share, and as soon as I buy it the share will likely go up. Then sell it immediately to make a profit? Is this possible?
Can you share your portfolio of stocks, if you are a long term investor?
24 Y.O, started at 18 Played with huge debt. Started my journey with special situations like buyback, demergers and mergers and have built good capital base. After the IT buyback boom and buyback strategy, demerger strategies going mainstream shifted to investing long in potential special situation stocks. These are Very very high conviction and concentrated bets. ( Anything less than a 1lak are fun bets, pls ignore)  Booked out on one of my high conviction pick at 3x and temporarily ploughed half into bees and half as cash for deploying into other bets.  Short high risks include future group since

I started investing in markets since Mar 2018. I am a normal salaried person with no heritage from my father or grandfather. I never had a huge capital with me to invest bulk money in markets. Every month 10–20% of my salary where I can affort to take risk and does not affect my normal life I keep investing in small quantity. Zerodha( zero brokerage account) helped me on this platform, where I wasnt charge brokerage. So even if I had 1000 rupees extra in a month I used to invest buying few shares of company and not get affected by the brokerage. I read multiple books, understood basics of fundam 

Price is what you pay. Value is what you get- Warren Buffett I do a lot of research (Fundamental and SWOT Analysis) before buying for the long term. I usually bet on quality stocks when in dips(Lows). Just the way I did during April - May 2020. Companies with low debt, good market share, scope for the products in the near term including the threats from rivals(peer analysis), dividend payout, and trusted management can outperform in the long term. I Invest in a few quality stocks from each sector instead of multiple.( Don't keep all the eggs in one basket) My portfolio has a combination of Penny t 

I am sharing my portfolio. I have sorted the stocks according to the unrealised loss/gain %age. Hence, the stocks you see in the initial screenshots are the ones most down from my buy price while the ones at the end are the ones most up. These are screenshots from my Moneycontrol app which I use to track my portfolio. All these stocks have been purchased September 2019 onwards till as late as November 2020.        I want to exit some of these stocks, just waiting for the right price. These include PVR, IRCTC, Petronet LNG, IGL. I do not see as much potential in PVR but waiting for a few quarters for no 

As of 5th October 2020, these are the stocks I have in my portfolio:  You can notice that at the moment I am only investing in the US stock market, the reason being, most of the companies I find interesting are from there. In the future, I do plan to start looking into interesting opportunities in the emerging and European markets. My portfolio is built around dividend-paying stock by keeping a long term strategy in mind. I am not looking to sell any of them in the next 5 to 10 years unless they become highly overvalued or I see that the company fundamentals have changed. I also prefer to buy a n 

So I’m 23 and I started just when Yes bank was in the news and the lockdown was imposed during March. I knew it’s the ripe time to enter the market as my business was down and I had a lot of free time to research. Here’s my portfolio after 10 months:      I also have another account in my gf’s name for very safe trades, here’s the portfolio:  Few key points about me &amp; my Portfolio: I was very confident that the NIFTY crash was temporary due to corona and things will definitely get better, If not sooner then later. I was very afraid while investing because I had no one around me doing the same and I self

Hi Everyone, In 2010, My father used to trading in the stock market. **I did not know ABCD of the stock market, I was 19 at that time. **he had a Demat account with approx 200k–300k. he was a daily trader and did not make anything from the stock market. he also opened an account with 100k of mine and I also started playing with it. and as I told, **it was my first experience with this market and got the loss.** So we both got 400k-500k loss within 1 year and came to know that, the stock market does not give any profit, it's just gambling. in 2013 we both stopped doing this and left everything. a 

Hi 😊 Thank you for A2A. I am very conscious about adding and modifying my portfolio on regular periodical interval. I usually apply 80% fundamental and 20% Technicial Analysis (80:20 rule) before adding stocks to my portfolio. I know some of the stocks are in negative it is purely because of market fluctuations and not because of company's performance. I am having 100% confident that the negative stocks can also go in postive returns once market becomes stable. As per Warren Buffett's quote, I don't usually put all my money in one stock or one industry though how much attractive it is. Diversific 

I opened my Demat account in 2019, but was just buying and selling stocks on colleagues and newspapers tips. I started investing keeping in mind long term perspective in June 2020, after gaining knowledge from reading books, taking some courses and watching quality videos on YouTube and this journey is still on. So far, I have invested in 12 stocks in last six months, consolidated portfolio is as below.  I have demat accounts in Sharekhan and Zerodha and will transfer all stocks of Sharekhan account into Zerodha account due to zero brokerage in Zerodha. Sharekhan account portfolio is as below.  And, 

Sure. Why not? I have invested a significant part of my savings in the last year in various stocks. Let me share my current progress:   I became interested in the market when it fell sharply during the lockdown. I tried to watch videos and learn about investing. But soon, I was overwhelmed by the sheer amount of information available on the subject. So I decided to learn by trying.I knew that market is already very low, so I bought stocks that I thought had some value and were within my budget. I could have bought some strong ones(like ITC, Reliance, HDFC, etc) and still made a good amount of pro

Can you share your portfolio of stocks, if you are a long term investor?
24 Y.O, started at 18 Played with huge debt. Started my journey with special situations like buyback, demergers and mergers and have built good capital base. After the IT buyback boom and buyback strategy, demerger strategies going mainstream shifted to investing long in potential special situation stocks. These are Very very high conviction and concentrated bets. ( Anything less than a 1lak are fun bets, pls ignore)  Booked out on one of my high conviction pick at 3x and temporarily ploughed half into bees and half as cash for deploying into other bets.  Short high risks include future group since

I started investing in markets since Mar 2018. I am a normal salaried person with no heritage from my father or grandfather. I never had a huge capital with me to invest bulk money in markets. Every month 10–20% of my salary where I can affort to take risk and does not affect my normal life I keep investing in small quantity. Zerodha( zero brokerage account) helped me on this platform, where I wasnt charge brokerage. So even if I had 1000 rupees extra in a month I used to invest buying few shares of company and not get affected by the brokerage. I read multiple books, understood basics of fundam 

Price is what you pay. Value is what you get- Warren Buffett I do a lot of research (Fundamental and SWOT Analysis) before buying for the long term. I usually bet on quality stocks when in dips(Lows). Just the way I did during April - May 2020. Companies with low debt, good market share, scope for the products in the near term including the threats from rivals(peer analysis), dividend payout, and trusted management can outperform in the long term. I Invest in a few quality stocks from each sector instead of multiple.( Don't keep all the eggs in one basket) My portfolio has a combination of Penny t 

I am sharing my portfolio. I have sorted the stocks according to the unrealised loss/gain %age. Hence, the stocks you see in the initial screenshots are the ones most down from my buy price while the ones at the end are the ones most up. These are screenshots from my Moneycontrol app which I use to track my portfolio. All these stocks have been purchased September 2019 onwards till as late as November 2020.        I want to exit some of these stocks, just waiting for the right price. These include PVR, IRCTC, Petronet LNG, IGL. I do not see as much potential in PVR but waiting for a few quarters for no 

As of 5th October 2020, these are the stocks I have in my portfolio:  You can notice that at the moment I am only investing in the US stock market, the reason being, most of the companies I find interesting are from there. In the future, I do plan to start looking into interesting opportunities in the emerging and European markets. My portfolio is built around dividend-paying stock by keeping a long term strategy in mind. I am not looking to sell any of them in the next 5 to 10 years unless they become highly overvalued or I see that the company fundamentals have changed. I also prefer to buy a n 

So I’m 23 and I started just when Yes bank was in the news and the lockdown was imposed during March. I knew it’s the ripe time to enter the market as my business was down and I had a lot of free time to research. Here’s my portfolio after 10 months:      I also have another account in my gf’s name for very safe trades, here’s the portfolio:  Few key points about me &amp; my Portfolio: I was very confident that the NIFTY crash was temporary due to corona and things will definitely get better, If not sooner then later. I was very afraid while investing because I had no one around me doing the same and I self

Hi Everyone, In 2010, My father used to trading in the stock market. **I did not know ABCD of the stock market, I was 19 at that time. **he had a Demat account with approx 200k–300k. he was a daily trader and did not make anything from the stock market. he also opened an account with 100k of mine and I also started playing with it. and as I told, **it was my first experience with this market and got the loss.** So we both got 400k-500k loss within 1 year and came to know that, the stock market does not give any profit, it's just gambling. in 2013 we both stopped doing this and left everything. a 

Hi 😊 Thank you for A2A. I am very conscious about adding and modifying my portfolio on regular periodical interval. I usually apply 80% fundamental and 20% Technicial Analysis (80:20 rule) before adding stocks to my portfolio. I know some of the stocks are in negative it is purely because of market fluctuations and not because of company's performance. I am having 100% confident that the negative stocks can also go in postive returns once market becomes stable. As per Warren Buffett's quote, I don't usually put all my money in one stock or one industry though how much attractive it is. Diversific 

I opened my Demat account in 2019, but was just buying and selling stocks on colleagues and newspapers tips. I started investing keeping in mind long term perspective in June 2020, after gaining knowledge from reading books, taking some courses and watching quality videos on YouTube and this journey is still on. So far, I have invested in 12 stocks in last six months, consolidated portfolio is as below.  I have demat accounts in Sharekhan and Zerodha and will transfer all stocks of Sharekhan account into Zerodha account due to zero brokerage in Zerodha. Sharekhan account portfolio is as below.  And, 

Sure. Why not? I have invested a significant part of my savings in the last year in various stocks. Let me share my current progress:   I became interested in the market when it fell sharply during the lockdown. I tried to watch videos and learn about investing. But soon, I was overwhelmed by the sheer amount of information available on the subject. So I decided to learn by trying.I knew that market is already very low, so I bought stocks that I thought had some value and were within my budget. I could have bought some strong ones(like ITC, Reliance, HDFC, etc) and still made a good amount of pro

If any company sells their 30% of company in stock market do they need to share profit with stock market too?
Which is a better investment between Crypto and Shares?
Now that Tesla share prices have fallen, is it worth investing?
If someone bought a single share of Apple stock the day the iPhone came out in 2007, what would it be worth today?
Is it the right time to invest in the stock market as the market is unstable due to the COVID-19 fear?
As a lot of other answers have mentioned, there's no such thing as THE "right" time to invest in the stock market. Unless one is a professional trader actively making quick profits off of daily stock market movements, for most people, one should adopt a long term view for investing. And that means, trusting that the stock market always recovers, and always goes up higher in the long run. In practice, it means consistency in contributing to your investment accounts, whether it's with every paycheck if possible, a few times a year, or with every annual bonus or windfall, etc. We did a webinar 2 w 

Sadly, we have seen an 11-year bull market come to an end. Much of the world is sheltering at home in an effort to flatten the coronavirus curve. At the same time, we have seen the stock market values of some of your favorite companies drop precipitously. When panic sets in, like it has for so many people thanks to COVID-19, a few of us see opportunities to fast track our paths toward financial freedom. I once read that “Trouble Is Opportunity." If these aren't troubling times, I don't know what is. More than 16 million Americans filed for unemployment in the past few weeks with millions more u 

1.You cannot time the market. Invest in the long-term and do not overthink about the entry point if you are a long-term investor. You never could and definitely cannot start now. So, instead of guessing whether stock markets are going to rise or fall further after Covid-19, adopt a longer horizon. Get some exposure in the stock market but do it for the long run. There is no point to pick the best mutual fund, as most of them underperform the markets. Go for a cheap ETF. Robinhood or Vanguard will probably do for most jurisdictions. If you are a long-term investor, you will earn money. Read the  

Many of the market declines of the last decade, including the stock market crash of 2008, are becoming faded memories for most of us. In the end, investors who endured these difficult times, and stayed invested, came out in perhaps the best shape. But market crashes and economic downturns do not go away - as the COVID-19 pandemic shows, market calamity can seemingly occur out of nowhere. But do not despair, and do not let emotions like fear and anxiety cause you to make the rash decision to sell into a falling market. If you want to invest in stock market and this tie then my answer was yes! be 

As such, there is no right time to invest in the stock market because it is dependent on multiple factors like risk-taking abilities of the investor. However, yes, you can invest in the stock market now even though the market is unstable due to the Covid-19 pandemic. Here are the reasons for investing: Uncertainty: Uncertainty always exists, and we never know when the market is likely to drop or rise. The market has fallen because industries like hospitality, travel and entertainment are affected, but it could also rise and turn lucrative as soon as a vaccination is found. The market is recovering 

It would be most helpful to first understand the real reason behind the crash — it’s not the virus. US debt started to outpace savings in 1968, and has increased exponentially ever since. This has served the function of distorting the true cost of capital, thus skewing every investment decision of the past 50 years. The Federal Reserve has played every trick imaginable to keep the illusion alive, at the cost of further compounding every crisis that follows. The 2007–2008 crisis was the first major attempt in recent history for the markets to clear, but rather than allowing that to happen, the fe 

Absolutely, yes. Why shouldn’t we? We should invest in any time no matter if the stock markets are down, or they are up. The point of investing is to reach defined financial goals. To do that we have to keep our eyes on our investments, no matter what kind of market condition is. Otherwise, we will have losses. "Let’s say you are going to shop and you notice that something you planned to buy is on discount. What will you do? Step away? Will you buy it or not? Of course, you will. When it comes to stocks, why would your decision be different? As far as I remember, investors’ mantra is “buy low,  

Like most of the analyst say this is the right time to invest. It means any time to invest is always the right time to invest. You cannot catch the bottom of the market. But the main question is that whether you are investing into the right stock or not. If you are looking for long term investment into the stock market then you can invest it right now, whatever may be the economic conditions you will always win only when you select the right stock to invest. So please do some research and find some stocks which are trading at fair valuations and have no impact of this pandemic on itself. Avoid  

People have gotten bored of Covid-19. From 23rd March onwards Market has already started correcting itself and to a certain level it has already corrected. Niftu-50 has corrected from 7600 to 9300. Italy was reporting the most disastrous situation but now Italy is showing some relaxation in new cases, it's graph of new cases are falling. So it's a good indication. 285 views · Answer requested by Dipak Kumar DasEd Chan, Stock Analyst at Wall StreetAnswered 10 months ago

One solid strategy right now is dollar-cost averaging. Two things could happen: The economy will recover quickly.The bottom is yet to come.What is dollar-cost averaging? To quote http://investinganswers.com: Dollar cost averaging is a strategy in which an investor places a fixed dollar amount into a given investment (usually common stock) on a regular basis. The investment generally takes place each and every month regardless of what is occurring in the financial markets. So imagine scenario 2 happens, in which the bottom is yet to common. Instead of investing all your money right now, you invest 

Is it really possible to earn multi crores through intraday trading after framing a strategy that is working very good?
Where can we find beginner courses for Stock Market in India?
The stock market has rewarded people who have shown patience, good investing practices, and the lack of emotions. It has also proved profitable to those who made an effort to understand the tricks of the trade by gaining some knowledge and basic know how. The American investor and business tycoon Warren Buffet has also emphasised on the power of learning. According to Buffet, "the best investment you can make is an investment in yourself. The more you learn, the more you earn." So the question remains from where do we gain basic knowledge? And before we dive deeper into where exactly to find begi 

Most people who are new to the investing start off learning about equity markets (stocks) because derivatives markets (options) involve more complicated strategies. The best place to start is the LIBRARY. Begin with general information books that aren't highly technical. Read everything that you can. Some of them will make sense, some will not. Over time, your knowledge will increase. If you find something of interest, Google it and you can get more depth. There are a bunch of "XYZ for Dummies" written about various investment topics. As you build your basic understanding of financial markets,  

Here is a beginner course in stock trading India.  Introduction This course has been specifically designed for beginners / investors new to the stock market. It is one of the most comprehensive toolkit for stock market trading/ investing. How is the course structured?1. The first three sections in the course deal with the common queries most beginners have with respect to the stock market.2. The next three sections deal with understanding &amp; analyzing Financial Statement of companies.3. The rest of the sections deal with Technical Analysis. These techniques are not just applicable to stocks but 

First steps. Have enough money to begin investing. Consider reviewing at least some of the major tenets of personal finance, such as a multiple-month living expense safety net (rainy day fund) and paying off high-interest debt, e.g., credit cards, before beginning investing.Go to Moneychimp -- http://www.moneychimp.com/ -- and Senzu -- https://senzu.io/ -- for introductions, overview, basics.Begin to set aside a sufficient amount of money to open a brokerage account (discussed below; note that most brokers require a minimum opening deposit). Consider $1,000 or more as a minimum amount to do so.

We have lot of excellent answers which have focussed on most important ingredients of Stock Market like Research, Fundamental, Market Wave, Tools, Books and Websites. I will go little more deep in the question. How do we STUDY stock Market ? where study interprets as How do we ANALYSE stock Market, What are the indicators (technical) to know the flow of Market. How to predict What is coming, Tomorrow ?? All the academic and Conceptual Start up kit is very well presented in rest answer’s, now let’s focus how we Know Stock Market in better Sense. With better sense I mean a Marco strategy which hel 

Stock market participants have to understand that learning about stock market is something that cannot be achieved in a day’s time. Trying and failing is part and parcel to becoming a pro in stock investing and trading. To learn about stock market and how to invest in stocks, the first and foremost thing to do is to know what stock market is all about, and what are the fundamentals and technicals factors influencing the prices. Below are some of the ways through which you can enrich your understanding about the market are - 1.A layman can start reading business newspapers, watch finance and marke 

Some learn from books, some learn from others…. some learn by doing things themselves!!  There are good answers there, based on one’s personal experience and learning curve. What I can share is how I learnt about stock markets : I did not study stock markets, I invested in them,did you learn to drive by reading a manual or actually driving?I learnt from my mistakes : which costed me Rs 30,000,If someone says they never lost in stocks, stop listening to them,I was not afraid to experiment, follow my gut,I even called up on Live Business channel to ask investment advice…. what a novice I was!!I did 

The most common Technical Analysis tools: Trend linesSupport-ResistanceChart PatternsIndicators.Start watching few stocks and indices on computer screen daily. In a couple of weeks, you start understanding price movements.Most day traders and short term traders use technical analysis for their trading entries and exists. Technical Analysis tools help predicting future price movements of stocks or other financial instruments based on past price behavior and volume. Several people have done research on stock broker data to find the performance of traders or trader patterns. The following interestin 

I have myself been in the same shoes a year back when I wanted to start investing and learn about it from the very basics. I took the decision to enroll with The Wallstreet School after few of my colleagues suggested the same. If you see their trial videos on website, you might feel that they speak volumes about well researched the course content is. There are a few things which might not find in any other course - You will get insights on the real life valuation of companies since they run their own Investment Banking firm where they take up projects in Valuations and Financial Modeling.They do 

Start by following the news about the market. Every time you come across something you’re not familiar with, Google it. Economic Times is a good place to start. Read up the history of various stock exchanges and how it came to existence. Read books about the stock market. I’d strongly recommend reading the Intelligent Investor by Benjamin Graham, often known as the Bible for Value Investing. Follow up on interviews by stock market legends such as Warren Buffet or Prem Watsa. Understand the basics of the share market. What is a share? How are they traded? What is the Bombay Stock Exchange or New Yo 

How do I use a VWAP indicator for picking stocks for intraday trading?
How does the golden cross form in the stock market?
What is the Ichimoku Cloud trading system? How effective is it in the Indian share market?
What is the head and shoulder pattern in the stock market?
Is Venteskraft stock market training worth the amount they charge?
How useful is the book 'Security Analysis' by Benjamin Graham in Indian stock market?
How does the stock market work?
When a corporation goes “public”, they create lots of “shares”. These shares signify ownership in the company, and guarantee the holder a portion of the company’s revenue. You can think of a share as a physical document. Say a company has 10 shares, and you own one. If the company makes $1 million next quarter, you’ll receive a check in the mail for $100,000. Usually, companies have hundreds of thousands of shares. Now, these shares can be bought/sold/transferred. I can buy a share, and give it to you — now you own the share, and will receive the check. Say you think the company is doing fantastic 

How does stock trading work (explained to a beginner)? Ok, I like explaining stuff. A share of stock is part ownership in a corporation. For example, If you own 1000 shares of XYZ company, then you might own 1% of that company. You can get a certificate that says so, but usually it is just recorded somewhere. Usually, a brokerage firm is holding the stock for you. They follow your orders. You can go online and see what stock of yours they are holding, and also how much money they are holding for you. Now suppose you want to sell this stock. You contact the brokerage, and tell them to sell. Then t 

“What is the need of stock market?” and “How does stock market works?” are some of the most common doubts in the mind of a new investor. To answer these questions let’s consider an example: We all buy vegetables, right? Do we buy it from a farmer or from a vegetable shop? I guess most of us buy from the vegetable shop. Why don’t we buy it directly from the farmer? The answer of the question is the reason for existence of vegetable shops. The same is the case with stock market. You can’t purchase stock of a company directly from the company itself, a mediator is required. The mediator here is th 

A stock exchange is a marketplace for buyers and sellers of stocks. Here are details of how it works. A stock exchange is a marketplace, where stocks of several listed companies are traded. Think of a stock exchange like any other market, where buyers and sellers meet, and carry out transactions at a price agreeable to both the parties. It provides a single platform for traders all around the country to execute their trade.  Think of a stock exchange like any other market, where buyers and sellers meet,and carry out transactions at a price agreeable to both the parties.      However, a stock ex 

Stock Trading as opposed to Stock Investing takes advantage of the common, normal fluctuations of stock prices daily. This can provide extra income or if you so choose and have the education and qualifications a career path for monthly income. Stock Trading requires a broker account just like stock investing. To trade stocks you will need a desktop or laptop computer with a reliable high speed internet service provider and possibly a backup internet service such as via a mobile phone device hooked up via a different internet provider. For Swing Trading which is one of two of the most profitable, 

As a stock trader, how does stock trading work?  The live markets are an intimidating and brutal place for someone who starts off with the wrong information and they can be a mysterious, murky, and complicated place for the ill advised. By following the advice in this post and keep it simple and take it very slow and absorbing every detail you can have the best chance for a high probability outcome as a successful market participant. Should you decide not to listen to what it says, you will have a verrrry looong and expensive journey I assure you of that! Don’t be that trader! Make no mistake, the 

What is Share Market:: Share: Share   is nothing but the Ownership of the company divided into small parts   and each part is called as Share or Stock. Share is also called by   different names like equity, financial security and so on.  A person   carrying a share of a company holds that part of ownership in that   company.  A person holding maximum shares carry maximum ownership and   designated like director, chairman etc. Share Market:  A   Share market is the place where buying and selling of shares takes    place. Now days due to internet and advanced technology there is no  need  to  presen 

I feel like this is for your homework… But alright; just make sure to rewrite it in your own words. Now before we begin let us get a few definitions down: Stocks: Stocks are a “share,” or piece of ownership of the company or corporation whose stocks you have bought. This means you are entitled to a slight amount of their profits and you are further allowed to make decisions with the rest of board of shareholders (which are basically the funders of said corporation) and the greater amounts of shares or stocks that you have, the more away and opinion you get I believe. Corporation: A corporation is  

Suppose there is a new phone in the market named the “OMFG”. and “OMFG” is made by company “LOL” the making charges of a single “OMFG” phone is 200 “LMAO” *LMAO is the currency* and the company “LOL” sells the “OMFG” phone for 1000 “LMAO” the profit on each phone is 800LMAO right? Now instead of buying the “OMFG” phone, if you buy 20% of the “LOL” company with your money, then you have 20% ownership of the “LOL” company, and you rise from the consumer group to the owner group. and the day you buy the 20%, since that moment, profit made by each and every “OMFG” phone, you get 20% of it Because you own  

People buy companies. People sell companies. But instead of buying or selling an entire company, people who buy stock own only a part (share) of a company. If they want to invest more than the minimum, they own multiple shares. The total number of shares outstanding represents the entire company. People pay what they think a company is worth at any given time. If you own a house, it might not be worth any less to you if your neighbor sells his house for a lower price than he expected. But if he does that, it would affect what you could sell your house for if you sold it today. Stock prices work 

Is investing really worth it?
How do I choose a baby sleeping bag from the Indian market?
How can I find out the support and resistance levels of a stock?
Is it possible to earn Rs. 25,000 per month through positional trading in the amount of 5 lakhs?
How can one start to invest in share markets?
Below is what i have shared by Mr.Kundan Kishore about Stock markets. It will be useful for u. Many thanks to Kishore sir. And now, I am going to divide the answer into different sections below:- 1. How to Invest in the Stock Market? 2. Know about the Stock Exchange, Stock Broker, Depository and SEBI. 3. What is a DMAT account and Trading account? 4. How to select the correct stockbroker in India? 5. How much I should invest in the Stock market? 6. When is the right time to invest in the stock market? 7. Where to invest? Which are the companies you should invest into? Part 1:- How to Invest in the Stock 

 Hi Investors. Today we are going to discuss one of the most basic topics for a beginner- How to invest in share market? I have been planning to write this post for a number of days as there are many people who are willing to invest, however, do not know how to invest in share market. When you are new to the stock market, you enter with lots of dreams and expectations. You might be planning to invest your savings and make lakhs in return.Although there are hundreds of examples of people who had created huge wealth from the stock market, however, there are also thousands who didn’t. If you have an 

First You Need Trading Account If You have DE-MAT Account You Can Directly Start Trading Or Investing in Share market If Not Then First Open DE-MAT or Trading Account Before That You Need to Know All The Basic Or Fundamental Knowledge Of Share Market. Investing In Stocks Can Be A Bit Tricky Especially If You Are A New Investor. Stock Market Tips and Tricks For Beginners Everyone is looking for an easy and quick way to be rich. Searching for quick ways for stock trading we have to see the powerful tools which are available to us. For earning money fast you should pay lots of attention in many facto 

The stock market is where investors can trade in different financial instruments, such as shares, bonds and derivatives. The stock exchange is a mediator that allows buying/selling of shares. In India, the two primary stock exchanges are the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) and National Stock Exchange (NSE). Further, there is a primary market where companies list their shares for the first time. Secondary markets allow investors to buy and sell shares issued during the initial public offering (IPO). Few simple points to know about how the Stock Market works: Working of the Stock Market Before you learn 

There is more to explaining the market than can be done in a Quora answer. simple language is best but remember that the stock market has its own language. Terms mean different things for the stock market than they do for everyday socializing or discussions. Learn the language of the stock market. The essential terms that professionals use that you might misinterpret as they mean something totally different outside the stock market.Learn the Market Participant Groups and how each one’s intent, capital base, order type, routing, technical, fundamental, and risk analysis etc. alters how and when t

Handle Basics First Before making your first investment, take the time to learn the basics about the stock market and the individual securities composing the market. There is an old adage: It is not a stock market, but a market of stocks. Unless you are purchasing an exchange traded fund (ETF), your focus will be upon individual securities, rather than the market as a whole. There are few times when every stock moves in the same direction; even when the averages fall by 100 points or more, the securities of some companies will go higher in price.  The areas with which you should be familiar before  

First and most important- Learn to trade/invest independently. Do not depend on anyone. Do not depend on any advisory firm/call providers/ so called super traders/big traders. You can learn for lifetime then why pay on monthly basis to these people for just getting your stop-loss hit. People are literally paying huge amounts for losses. Secondly - Do not start with more than a capital of 10K. If you can’t handle 10K after going through training/practice/whatever, you won’t be able to handle 10 lacks. This is the harsh truth. People assume that big capital will lead them to big profits, but that 

One should invest in Stocks via Mutual Funds. Qualified professionals manage your money. SEBI (Securities Exchange Board of India) regularly monitors these. Expense ratio is only 1% to 2 %. TAX BENEFITS- Units redeemed after 12 months are exempt from capital gains tax. Dividend income is Tax Free too. You can redeem all or part of your investment any time at the current NAV value. Systematic Investment Plan (SIP) is the best way to invest. A fixed sum is invested every month. More units are bought when the price is low and fewer units when the price is high. This reduces the impact of market vol 

 The stock market has fascinated people for over a century now. Stocks are even seen by many as the quickest way to get rich.There are very few investors who see the stock market and stocks in the right perspective. To most, these are just tickers of prices going up and down. If your ticker goes up, you make money. If it goes down, you lose. That is both the start and the end of the story. Investing can be an exciting way to grow your wealth and secure your financial future.First time investors,tend to repeat similar mistakes that can undermine their success. Investing emotionally, chasing fads,  

You can initiate stock trading simply by opening a Demat a/c, trading a/c &amp; linking any of your saving a/c. Once your a/c is opened &amp; you have have your username &amp; password, you can start trading as per the trading portal provided by your stock broker or company. But, if you want to earn money through stock trading never invest blindly. Although, there is no sure-shot formula that has been discovered for getting success in share markets. But, you can increase your chances of getting a good return by just adopting a more disciplined approach of investment &amp; keeping patience for a long period of  

Which are the best long-term investment stocks of 2021?
How can one start to invest in share markets?
Below is what i have shared by Mr.Kundan Kishore about Stock markets. It will be useful for u. Many thanks to Kishore sir. And now, I am going to divide the answer into different sections below:- 1. How to Invest in the Stock Market? 2. Know about the Stock Exchange, Stock Broker, Depository and SEBI. 3. What is a DMAT account and Trading account? 4. How to select the correct stockbroker in India? 5. How much I should invest in the Stock market? 6. When is the right time to invest in the stock market? 7. Where to invest? Which are the companies you should invest into? Part 1:- How to Invest in the Stock 

 Hi Investors. Today we are going to discuss one of the most basic topics for a beginner- How to invest in share market? I have been planning to write this post for a number of days as there are many people who are willing to invest, however, do not know how to invest in share market. When you are new to the stock market, you enter with lots of dreams and expectations. You might be planning to invest your savings and make lakhs in return.Although there are hundreds of examples of people who had created huge wealth from the stock market, however, there are also thousands who didn’t. If you have an 

First You Need Trading Account If You have DE-MAT Account You Can Directly Start Trading Or Investing in Share market If Not Then First Open DE-MAT or Trading Account Before That You Need to Know All The Basic Or Fundamental Knowledge Of Share Market. Investing In Stocks Can Be A Bit Tricky Especially If You Are A New Investor. Stock Market Tips and Tricks For Beginners Everyone is looking for an easy and quick way to be rich. Searching for quick ways for stock trading we have to see the powerful tools which are available to us. For earning money fast you should pay lots of attention in many facto 

The stock market is where investors can trade in different financial instruments, such as shares, bonds and derivatives. The stock exchange is a mediator that allows buying/selling of shares. In India, the two primary stock exchanges are the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) and National Stock Exchange (NSE). Further, there is a primary market where companies list their shares for the first time. Secondary markets allow investors to buy and sell shares issued during the initial public offering (IPO). Few simple points to know about how the Stock Market works: Working of the Stock Market Before you learn 

There is more to explaining the market than can be done in a Quora answer. simple language is best but remember that the stock market has its own language. Terms mean different things for the stock market than they do for everyday socializing or discussions. Learn the language of the stock market. The essential terms that professionals use that you might misinterpret as they mean something totally different outside the stock market.Learn the Market Participant Groups and how each one’s intent, capital base, order type, routing, technical, fundamental, and risk analysis etc. alters how and when t

Handle Basics First Before making your first investment, take the time to learn the basics about the stock market and the individual securities composing the market. There is an old adage: It is not a stock market, but a market of stocks. Unless you are purchasing an exchange traded fund (ETF), your focus will be upon individual securities, rather than the market as a whole. There are few times when every stock moves in the same direction; even when the averages fall by 100 points or more, the securities of some companies will go higher in price.  The areas with which you should be familiar before  

First and most important- Learn to trade/invest independently. Do not depend on anyone. Do not depend on any advisory firm/call providers/ so called super traders/big traders. You can learn for lifetime then why pay on monthly basis to these people for just getting your stop-loss hit. People are literally paying huge amounts for losses. Secondly - Do not start with more than a capital of 10K. If you can’t handle 10K after going through training/practice/whatever, you won’t be able to handle 10 lacks. This is the harsh truth. People assume that big capital will lead them to big profits, but that 

One should invest in Stocks via Mutual Funds. Qualified professionals manage your money. SEBI (Securities Exchange Board of India) regularly monitors these. Expense ratio is only 1% to 2 %. TAX BENEFITS- Units redeemed after 12 months are exempt from capital gains tax. Dividend income is Tax Free too. You can redeem all or part of your investment any time at the current NAV value. Systematic Investment Plan (SIP) is the best way to invest. A fixed sum is invested every month. More units are bought when the price is low and fewer units when the price is high. This reduces the impact of market vol 

 The stock market has fascinated people for over a century now. Stocks are even seen by many as the quickest way to get rich.There are very few investors who see the stock market and stocks in the right perspective. To most, these are just tickers of prices going up and down. If your ticker goes up, you make money. If it goes down, you lose. That is both the start and the end of the story. Investing can be an exciting way to grow your wealth and secure your financial future.First time investors,tend to repeat similar mistakes that can undermine their success. Investing emotionally, chasing fads,  

You can initiate stock trading simply by opening a Demat a/c, trading a/c &amp; linking any of your saving a/c. Once your a/c is opened &amp; you have have your username &amp; password, you can start trading as per the trading portal provided by your stock broker or company. But, if you want to earn money through stock trading never invest blindly. Although, there is no sure-shot formula that has been discovered for getting success in share markets. But, you can increase your chances of getting a good return by just adopting a more disciplined approach of investment &amp; keeping patience for a long period of  

What is the meaning of support Level in the Stock market?
What are the basic techniques to minimize losses in the stock market?
Here are some things I do that has helped me minimize my losses… Scale in and out of your positions.Focus on the climate, NOT the weather.Always write down your thesis.The total amount of capital you allocate is your stop-loss.Say NO to 99% of investment ideas.Target asymmetric upside on all your positions.— 1. Scale in and out of your positions  One of my biggest mistakes early on as an investor is buying what I wanted to buy all at once because I didn’t want to miss out on the opportunity. This is one of the cardinal sins of investing because you will rarely catch the exact top or exact bottom of 

Hello, Even the legendary investing and speculating pros have failures and losses. The key is that all these people learned from what they did and modified their approaches going forward. Here are six aspects of losses, either helping you minimize them or suggesting what to do if you have them. USE STOP-LOSS ORDERS “Have your profits run, but limit your losses.“ This age-old advice may be a cliché, but it’s the quintessential grand strategy. In today’s marketplace, limiting your losses is easy to do thanks to technology. Considering how crazy and volatile the world is, the stop-loss order should b 

There is not one way to avoid loss in stock market, there is a series of character of one by which he can avoid loss in market. The most important thing to avoid loss in stock market are 1. You should invest only on those companies or industry of which you actually know how business work. How business work comprises how supply and demand of that businiess goes, how companies develop their individuality, how management goes, How they react to thier stock holders, invest in companies which make trends. For an instance, in automobile industry, suzuki always make trends, swift, swift desire, access 125 

This is what I have learnt from 2 phases of my journey, during 2007 to 2009 and as per current scenario. Please note that this is my personal experience and it is not related to anyone, neither this is a recommendation. Rule No 1 : Market is supremeThe number one rule is that no one is bigger than the market. So, learn to respect it, if you can’t respect it, market will never respect you. it is said that whosoever tried to run against the market, they were never allowed to be remained in the market. So, respect it and salute it. People who are rigid, markets are not for them, you need to flow 

Basic techniques to minimize losses in stock markets? Before answering this question, i would like to ask you one thing: Are you trading or investing? If you are trading.Then there are different techniques to minimize losses: Use 10% stop lossMost of the traders put GTT (Good till cancelled) stop loss order at the point when they loose 5–10% of their trading money.Now the extent on the stop loss placement depends on your risk apetite and your trading system.One rule is that you have to keep your losses smallVolatility based stop lossesbefore putting stop loss some traders try to find out the 

People think that doing well in the stock market requires great brains and the mastery of some complex, secret formula. That is not true. You need to master your emotions and have confidence in the US economy. Do you have confidence in the economy? I do. It has made more people wealthy than any business or industry in the history of money. It might stop doing that some time, but you and I are not smart enough to know what the next engine of commerce will be. Maybe the Chinese economy. But not today. Buy the economy. I buy the whole thing, one share at a time. Well, that’s an exaggeration. I buy 

Always have an exit strategy! Going on dates with people you don’t know is so intimidating and could end in disaster as I’m sure many of you already know. Often times, the person you go on a date with has nothing in common with you or is a complete psychopath. Maybe I’ve just been watching too much Netflix lately but in my mind, I feel as if the person sitting across from me has two hobbies: burning insects with a magnifying glass and keeping dead bodies in their basement. I once went on three dates with a girl and the next time I went over to her house, she had three framed pictures of us on t 

You can’t have one without the other. Hence, Loss and profit are two sides of a coin in the world of stock trading and investing. To get actual benefits from the stock market, one needs to follow one old saying,” cut your losses and let your profit run”. The stock market is “ZERO SUM GAME”. If someone is gaining money, then the other is losing the same. It is really difficult to earn a handsome amount from stock trading unless self-disciplined. A little modification in trading strategies can give us a handsome result. A trader/Investor must have two trading accounts with a specific fund allocati

www.investpur.com Follow the smart Investors. It is only way to not lose money in the market. Smart investors does not mean News interview or tips. You can track smart Investment by following price movement. For make money, you must have heard about follow smart Investment in market for example- " Today, there is so much smart money in the market. Or smart investors bought so much goods or sold." After all, who is this smart investor? And why is it so necessary to follow them? Those smart investors are like us, but the way to do their work is completely different. As the word is known only by " Smart  

Okay, I’m going to save you the effort of reading through extremely long/verbose comments. Look, you’ve taken a hit/loss whatever. When your psychology is running low, it’s either because you’ve taken a string of losses, or you have no way of sustaining a strategy that’s profitable. Hence, you’ve got to re-orient your strategy, so you have more conviction in the strategy than your day’s P&amp;L (profit and loss). Trading books emphasize position sizing, and talk in terms of hypothetical case scenarios, and stuff. Most of it is just fluff. Here’s what works: Develop a strategy that can generate returns  

Which is better, Zerodha or Upstox? Provide justifications for your answer.
This is not an advertisement for either broker and this answer is a sum of my experience. I have traded with Zerodha for 4 years and Upstox for one month now. Note that I was with traditional brokers for about 8 years before I switched to low cost brokers. here are my key observations with respect to the two Zerodha Pros: Currently the best discount broker overallLowest brokerages for trading (I’m sure you’ll find the rates in other answers)Good interface that’s easy to understand and use - Kite platform is good and there’s really no learning curve and if you’re switching from another broker it’s 

Hello Jithu Vijayakumar, I cannot comment on who is more reliable although I have used both their services. This because both Zerodha &amp; Upstox are our direct competitors in the stockbroking industry and anything I say in public can stir up unnecessary controversies. Rather than giving you the name, I will throw light on some of the most crucial issues that plague large brokers (These issues can be solved, but they’re not as simple as turning a switch on or off). The larger a broker becomes, the more issues that the brokerage has to deal with in terms of risk management, trade process, compliance

ranking them in 1,2,3 category is not ideal. I personally feel UPSTOX is better, they get their funding from TATA. My Criteria of Good Broker There are specific criteria that I like to judge my brokers on. Lower brokerage is one of them, but it is not the prime reason to choose a broker. So my view of a good broker and select Upstox is as follows: 1. Better Charts The first and the most important criteria for selecting a broker are they should have the best charts within the trading terminal. If charts are subpar, there is very little that I look further when selecting my broker. One of the most impor 

I think both are better for trading because I myself used both the apps since 2 months ago &amp; according to my experience, Both Zerodha and Upstox are just two of the leading discount agents in India. Both the companies have exceptional offerings, such as free Trading account AMCs, a maximum of Rs. 20 broker charges and many such similar offers. However, while you have gone through the detailed comparison above you might have discovered some dissimilarities within their services, platforms, fees, advisory services, etc While Zerodha costs are more for opening a trading account, Upstox has lower  

Here’s probably the only answer in this thread with no affiliate links in the post ;) Both are good choices. You might be surprised to hear me say that, since I’m a CoFounder of Upstox, but in business it’s important to be transparent since users/readers can easily see through BS. Plus, it’s really not in my nature to not be truthful :) Zerodha had first mover advantage over us, so naturally they have a larger client base. In many ways, they have set the trend for discount broking in India to pick up. Furthermore, they have done it while building a loyal user-base and legitimately innovating in  

As we are living in ultra technical age and hence technology has taken key spot in different aspects of life as well as in business. No business is out of reach for this technical revolution…now as far as the stock markets are concerned they are running completely virtually all thanks to great technical progress…and now things have become that much easy that we can perform all our share market transactions through portable devices… be it smartphone or tablet. Along with this there is also very high competition in stock market brokerage services as compared to the past when there were limited br 

I think looking at current scenario where zerodha had too many customers that they can't handle. Moreover I checked the app on mobile upstox is far better. Because user experience with app and customer service is what is needed when you work in shares. I haven't opened any of this account yet but upstox app can be used before opening the account whereas you cannot open zerodha app. First point of dissatisfaction with zerodha. Both have same brokerage plans but customer reviews show that beside excellent user platform zerodha is making trouble while peak time, causing losses to client. Also cust 

I have account with both of them, so I am a good choice to answer this question. Definitely both are good options, but zerodha being old enough have slightly higher edge, that’s the reason Professional trader prefer Zerodha for trading. Also It offers many advanced tools that are quite beneficial for Intraday trading and long term investment as well. Brokerage rates are almost same, and UPstox too is striving its best too introduce latest technology products, Charts etc. But overall personally I felt zerodha’s customer support better than Upstox. I can’t comment on User Interface, as I am used to  

 The detailed and tabulated comparison between the rival discount brokers between “ZERODHA“and “UPSTOX” in different classifications given:        BRIEF INTRODUCTION ZERODHA Zerodha , an Indian financial service company which was formed in the year 2010 by two founders, Nithin and Nikhil Kamnath. It is headquartered in Bangalore and is available in major cities across the country. It provides trader to trade in various segments: Equity, commodity, F&amp;O, currency trading and Mutual Funds. They provide three main platforms available in KITE and PI, for web-based KITE Web and KITE Connect, desktop-based PI a 

Zerodha has grown exponentially in the last few years in terms of client base as well as revenue which I think they can’t handle. Here are some facts which you should consider. Bengaluru-based Zerodha was founded in 2010 by Nithin Kamath and Nikhil Kamath. The company uses disruptive pricing models and in-house technology to offer stockbroking services. It claims to have over 1.5 Mn clients placing millions of orders every day through its investment platforms, contributing over 15% of all Indian retail trading volumes. Meanwhile, a technology failure at a stockbroking website such as Zerodha, wh 

If a trader makes 100–200% annual returns, then how is Warren Buffett the best investor in the world?
I'm a professional trader. I know a lot of people who have put up massive returns for 10+ years. But not one is in Warren Buffett's league. Why? Buffett can take advantage of the eighth wonder of the world. None of us can. The eighth wonder of the world is compound interest. Imagine that you make 20% per year. If you have a little bit of money, 20% won’t give you a lot of money after just one year. But if you reinvest your profits, you have 20% more money every year. Over time you build up a lot of money — for example, $1,000 invested at 20%/yr for 30 yrs becomes $250,000. Buffett has been at it f 

I will take this question at face value…. Buffett may not be “the” best investor but he is certainly one of the most successful and famous. The way that he made the money is almost irrelevant because the results are amazing no matter how he did it (considering legal methods only of course). First- Warren Buffett has achieved market beating returns for decades. Very few professionals can say that. It's one thing to double your money in one year but to do that over 10 years is exceptiinally hard. if you did this, you would have 1000x your initial investment (2 to the 10th power or 2 x 2 x 2 … 10  

Stock market is a crazy place… one can become billionaire and beggar at same time. Earnings 3600% return in one trade or one year is significant . There is a hedge fund manager in Brazil who recently ended making more than 1000% return on investment. Here is the excerpts of the news coverage- “Luiz Alves Paes de Barros is something of an enigma in Sao Paulo’s financial circles. At 69, he’s known around town as the “anonymous billionaire” for quietly amassing a fortune by wagering on stocks almost no one else seemed to want Starting in late 2015, Barros’s Alaska Investimentos Ltda. made the batte 

Question: If a trader makes 100–200% annual returns, then how is Warren Buffett the best investor in the world? The secret is understanding the difference between being a TRADER and an INVESTOR. I wish I can make it bolder and bigger. But never mind, let’s manage what we’ve got. Before we proceed, I’d like to say I’m grateful for the question, it'll clear up lots of things, even for me.” Here we go… Who is a trader and who is an investor? Lots of people know that Sir Buffett is an investor but what they don’t really get is what separates people like him from traders who happen to also deal with th 

Buffett has been having a consistant yield of 20% per year for more that 50 years Do the math 1.2^50 means a multiplicative factor of nearly 10,000; it would take 13 1/2 years to reach this level if compounding at 2 A reverted question would be : Has any trader been able to constantly have a x2 annual result for more than 13 years? Now Buffett is having his 6th decade into the business, and 1.2^60 means a factor of 60000 The magic of Buffett is to make routinely 20% yearly, basic principles is to have a low cost source of funds, to provide funds for financing of others activities at a high cost an 

It would seem the poser of this question has no experience or knowledge of the extreme difficulties of earning triple digit returns on the kind of capital people like Warren Buffett have to deploy. First of all, returns like 100 to 200% per annum can only be achieved on relatively small sums of money. A few million dollars perhaps for a really skilled and talented trader. After that this trader runs into the brick wall of capacity limits. There is only so much capital he can deploy without actually “becoming” the market. In other words, you can’t earn returns like that unless there is someone w 

Here are my annual returns net of all expenses: Return 2007 49.95% 2008 298.39% 2009 261.16% 2010 70.95% 2011 74.09% 2012 154.43% 2013 55.82% 2014 68.84% 2015 163.92% 2016 0.71% 2017 37.58% All of this has been left to compound, so each dollar invested on 1 January 2007, grew to more than $1,500 eleven years later. I was able to turn a few thousand into a few million. One thing that might stand out to you is that the two worst years are also the two most recent years. That gives a clue that things get harder as you have more money to work with. This is from the Berkshire Hathaway Shareholder Letter of 1989:  We&nbsp;

Let’s see the formula of compound interest:  We often get stuck trying to get better r. If we know anything about exponents, we can safely say that an increase in r will only increase A by a bit, while an increase in n will increase A exponentially.Warren Buffett’s P and n, both are huge. Ultimately, it is the consistency of returns that matters, not what you do in a year or two years. While Warren buffet (or any investor) can keep all his money invested, a trader cannot trade with 100% capital all the time. The risk is way too high, specially once the capital increases in size.Talking particular

Two reasons: Warren compounds his returns.Warren gets a % of other people's investments.Warren Buffett is not the best investor in the world. He just got lucky with Coke stock and he has a lot of patience in the market. That lucky strike on his 50th birthday got him a lot of investors to put their money under his management, and then a lot of institutions did the same. If you think he manages the investments himself then you are delusional. It's a team of investors working in a very classical way. All Warren does is keep his brand name. So you can make a high profit % or more and enjoy your mone 

For one obvious reason. Total returns over a lifetime. Buffett is the third richest person in the world. He is richer than any real estate or stock market investor. If these people can get 100%-200% every year, they would be wealthier than him. So why aren't they wealthier than him? They can get 100%+ one year. Look at the bitcoin fanatics. Many of them made 1000%+ percentage points profit in a year and thought making money was easy. Now they are down dramatically this year. They certainly won't become as wealthy as Buffett through bitcoin. What Buffett has done is get `only` 15%+ over 75 years as 

What's the biggest mistake that stock market investors make?
In my experience, the biggest mistake stock market investors make is they have no idea how to evaluate a stock. The reason most retail investors (+90% according to some estimates) lose money is they don’t understand the fundamentals of what they’re investing in. People spend more time researching the purchase of a new car than they do putting the same amount of money (or more) into buying stocks. They buy shares in firms whose names they recognize, brands they like, or dubious stock tips they saw on TV or read about online. They chase investing trends and “hot stocks” because they have a fear o 

As a professional investor, I am consistently amazed at the “expert” recommendations bandied about the internet. Most of these “expert” recommendations are naive and foolish, so rather than build a more academic list (which I have done before) I am going to take this opportunity to fight back against these dangerous and foolish “recommendations”! 1. Investing in IPOs.Let’s be VERY clear about what an initial public offering is NOT. It is NOT “the ground floor” of a company. The ground floor was the Series A investment by the Venture Capital firms. You are not getting in on the “ground floor” w 

A famous story about stock market :-Once upon a time in a small town, there were two brothers. They used to sell “Fuchkaa”. They were earning good amount of money for their daily expenses. One day, One man passed by their stalls. He met these two brothers and talked to them. He told them an idea to become a millionaire. Both brothers were on cloud 9. They wanted to listen the idea. So, they requested him to tell the idea in details. He agreed but wanted 30% in return of what they would earn profits. They agreed and deal was done. Name of brothers were : Prem and Prakash. And, let’s say his na 

Here are my views about common mistakes to avoid while building an investment portfolio. Making portfolio work for us Do not put all eggs in one basket – so goes an old investment saying. While aiming for rewards, risks need to be managed too. Diversifying risks with a portfolio is what all of us (including the big fund managers) do but there are few aspects (learned hard way) which help us get make portfolio perform better. Portfolio theory is as old as investment theory itself. I am not intending to change anything there but I would like to touch upon practical aspects and some of the best prac 

Short answer: lack exit plan. The only soldiers who go to combat w/o an exit plan are Kamikaze. They don’t need one because they expect to die. Unfortunately so do a lot of market participants. The apparent simplicity of the answer hides sophisticated concepts that can be broken down in two part: statistical and psychological trading edge I Statistical trading edge A Stock picking is overrated Most market participants believe that stock picking is the alpha and omega of alpha generation. Stock picking is merely everything that precedes entry. It excludes bet size and exit. Unfortunately, stock pic 

Hi, There are a lot of people that believe stock market is a speculation market, or gambling, if you may. But if you ask a professional, they will tell you completely otherwise. No doubt there is a little bit of speculation involved, but it is more about fundamentals and rules that you must rely on in order to succeed in stock market. Most people fail because they trade as gamblers. I am going to list a few other reasons hereon, kindly read below: No StoplossesPeople fail to realise the importance of stoplosses. For the uninitiated, stop loss in a trade is the lower limit that you can set while b 

Nobody gets investing right all the time. Even successful investors and experienced traders have to shake off common mistakes now and then. Because it’s next to impossible to avoid mistakes completely, successful practitioners learn from their missteps to minimize them in the future. The good news is that most of these mistakes can be avoided simply through awareness. We will take a look at the most common mistakes here: Lacking The Confidence To Get Started This is a mistake I made early on. Before I started investing on my own, I had a money manager who invested my money in mutual funds. I didn’ 

The biggest mistake investors make is that they tend to do things at the wrong time, and often the worst possible time. That’s a phrasing of the phenomenon that I borrowed from Marc Faber, but the following thoughts are my own. Martin Armstrong talks about one Japanese client he had who became interested in Armstrong’s work (Armstrong called the 1989 high pretty much to the day). The client had never invested in stocks before, but somehow was persuaded by an argument that seasonality meant the market would always go up during a certain period, and he ended up buying the high (and my guess is no 

Thanks for the A2A. It depends on the type of investor: Day Traders These are people who know nothing and know they know nothing, but still want to play the market. They are constantly brainwashed by Wall St, CNBC, financial advisors, discount brokers, Forex platforms, YouTube channels, etc. After all the media bombardment and reading candlestick patterns these poor souls start to think that they have figured out what to do. They become delusional and make the mistake of thinking that a guy at home in his pajamas can consistently make profits and compete with major Investment Banks , High-Frequen 

Gamboling in the markets is in equal parts an enterprise involving right psychology, right skills and right information. While there is help to counter the lack of information, psychology and skill sets are investors’ to manage. Following are some of the common investor missteps: Myth: Stock market is only about data and information. It requires first-degree decision making (I look at data in absolutes and take a decision)Sentiment. Stock market runs on it. The emotions of the millions of investors is the fuel that powers this big, bad engine. Investors, who believe that we live in a world run b 

Is now a good time to start investing in the stock market?
We’re currently facing an unprecedented event with the global pandemic caused by a novel coronavirus that began in March 2020. In a matter of weeks, we went from business as usual to almost no business at all.  Most companies have been forced to close their offices and move employees to remote, work-from-home positions and those were the lucky ones. Many others have been required to shut down and lay off their entire workforce. The shock to the economic system has been staggering, with unemployment claims jumping to record highs and consumer spending taking a sharp nosedive. And while the economy  

I guess, There might be a mix opinion on this some will say its a right time to invest some will say its not. But there is big correction is running in the global market. World’s all market are down and it’s great impact on economy. Here are the lists of that: New York Stock ExchangeNASDAQTokyo Stock ExchangeShanghai Stock ExchangeHonk Kong Stock ExchangeLondon Stock ExchangeEURONEXTShenzen Stock ExchangeToronto stock ExchangeBombay stock Exchange\Right now so many factors which are affecting the stock market of the world because of that only the economy is down which gives impact on the trades  

Blanket answer is of course yes. Even the U.S. government effort pushes us to do so, with a long term capital gains rate much lower than income tax rate. Let’s look into it more. It’s always a good idea to grow your money. Investing is a good way to do just that. But you have to be smart about it. First of all, there is no guarantee of returns. Secondly, you when you invest, you have to protect your money. The market has ups and downs, that’s the nature of the market. Thirdly, going it alone can be tricky. Nowadays, there are a lot of options for people who want to grow their savings using an o 

Stock market is not only about cherry picking individual stocks. I normally follow NIFTY index and than decide whether to enter or exit the market. The right time to enter and exit the stock market should be dependent upon these four data points: Price to earning ratio (P/E Ratio) of NIFTY -P/E = 24 Than I am paying 24 Rs. for every 1 Rs. earning of the company. There is a strong connection between P/E ratio of the nifty with the market movement. P/E &gt; 24 (Than the probability of downfall is very high (Sell &amp; Exit) 20 &lt; P/E &lt; 24 (Be cautious (Market may turn edgy or volatile) 16 &lt; P/E &lt; 20 (Buy cau 

"What I would own is as much emerging-market equity as your career or business risk can tolerate" - Jeremy Grantham Our new guy Fed chief Jerome Powell certainly did not have the warmest welcome either his first few days on the job. In less than 3 weeks since he started as Chairman of the Federal Reserve, the markets have delivered a sharp decline in equities, a huge uptick in volatility and a continually weak dollar.  “I got this guys…” Source: WSJ Call it beginner’s luck (in a bad way) if you like but a closer look tells us that our poor new guy just had bad timing. Powell joined the team at the 

Yes and No From the point of view of price earning ratio and the current Sino-US trade war it may not be the best time to invest in the stock market. The price earning ratio is currently 24.23. This is well above the average price earning ratio for the last 50 years. The average price earning ratio in this time was 15–20. Whenever the price earning ratio is particularly high as was the case with the Wall Street Crash in 1929, Kennedy slide of 62, the 1973 oil crisis, dot com bubble in 2000 and financial crisis in 2008, the stock market is due for a correction and especially a recession if accom 

Let’s look at the timeline of major events in last 38 years: 1982 - Worst recession in 40 years, debt crisis. 1983 - Market hits record - "Market too high". 1984 - Record U.S. Federal deficits. 1985 - Economic growth slows. 1986 - Dow nears 2000 - "Market too high" 1987 - The Crash -Black Monday. 1988 - Fear of Recession. 1989 - Junk Bond collapse. 1990 - Gulf War, worst market decline in 16 years. 1991 - Recession - "Market too high" 1992 - Elections, market flat. 1993 - Businesses continue restructuring. 1994 - Interest rates are going up. 1995 - The market is too high. 1996 - Fear of Inflation. 1997 - Irra 

To give you an answer that will not turn obsolete even if you're reading this 5 years from now or more, let me tweak your question a bit and answer: when is the right time to start investing in the stock market. When: It is always better to invest when the markets are down and the preferred stock of our choice is trading a bit low. There is a difference between buying a cheap stock and buying a good stock when it is cheap. What you have to do is the latter. What should you do? Begin with your research and pick out stocks that have a good growth trajectory, strong fundamentals, decent financials,  

I bet you’ve never heard of Pat Munroe. And unless you’re from the Florida Panhandle, I imagine you haven’t heard of Quincy, Florida, either. But the two can teach us a lot about investing. See, in the early 1920s, Munroe was a banker in Quincy. One thing Munroe noticed was no matter how hard the times, the people of his small town always seemed to have money to buy a Coca-Cola. So he started buying shares of the company. Not long after, he was telling everyone in town to buy shares of Coca-Cola. He’d even underwrite bank loans backed by Coca-Cola stock. When shares crashed 50% during a conflict with 

I think its not about the time, its everything about how enough knowledge and patience you have!! Source google:  Many people think , stock market is the place where we can earn huge money in short period but its completely wrong!! what ever you invest , hold them for long term to get decent profits! I believe the greatest investment opportunity in history is knocking on your door, you can open it or not….the choice is yours!! Before you invest , it will be a lot easier , more productive , and far less stressful if you first decide what you ultimate goals are and then figure out the best way to get 

Real estate investors say that if you buy the right property, at the right price, in the right area, your investment will perform very well — even when a recession strikes. How does one analyze a property where it makes sense to buy?
Easy - stress test it. Let me try and explain, and you’ll have some homework to do as well. What happened last recession? The credit markets froze, the job market dropped its pants and sh*t in the living room, and people were living in parks in NYC and screaming at bankers on wall street. All very scary stuff, for sure. My world got rocked, let me tell you. Construction died, and then picked back up in certain niche markets, which was the only thing that saved me from bankruptcy, instead I just survived. But the whole time, I paid rent/mortgage, ate food (not exactly what i wanted, but I ate) and  

I used to work in SE DC. The specific area (M Street) was an arm pit. Our work location was moved to the Navy Yard, and walking to the metro station after dark, well, I’m a fit 6′2″ person and hell, I felt nervous. The place was an armpit. I remember some liquor store called “Normandies” or something like was along my route, but way too seedy for me to step foot in. But, wherever the government workers move, so must contractors. Meaning new office buildings were going to pop up left and right. In addition, the Nationals stadium was announced to be constructed in the same area. Before long, the who 

How do you buy ANYTHING? It’s all about the price you pay for what you get. Determining the right price is always interesting - you can get an absolutely good deal or a relatively good deal. An absolutely good deal is when you buy a property at a discount to replacement value that is projected to produce an above average return with below average risk. Here in Arizona, I always thought a good return was 12% a year or 1% of the purchase price per month in rent but those deals are hard to find. A relatively good deal is just “under market” but if the market is high, what good is that? In the end 

I see your question as “how do I decide where the best place to buy investment property is?” You first need to decide what kind of investment property you want- one that will appreciate a lot or one that will bring in a lot of income. Sometimes you can get both but understand that those are usually two different types of property. As in, one is usually a single family house and the other is an apartment kind of different. These are different types of management challenges- ask your realtor about them. Both want to be in the path of growth for your city, which means you need to be paying attenti 

There are a lot of good answers here. The following are some additional things to consider : Assuming you have reasonable reserves and choose wisely you should be able to survive a “recession” if you select the right rental income property: in the right city, at the right location, with the right tenant, with the right amount of leverage, and with the right purchase price. The right city will be a city that is not tied to a single industry but instead has a diversified economy. It also must have increasing employment and increasing population and (as near as you can tell) an optimistic future e 

There are two major areas you need to analyze. You need to be able to manage the property. My experience is that there are too many conflicts of interest using a management company. So especially as a small investor it is critical you are able to manage the property.The property needs to positively cash flow. If the property is magically or negatively cash flowing and a recession hits and you need to lower rents to keep tenants in it then you will lose even more money. But if the property is positively cash flowing you can weather the storm and still make money.My experience is most “newbies” c 

I preach this, every week to a new investor who wants to work with me. One major one/phrase- multi units with no elasticity. You find a property that has multiple units (can be apartments, condos, or stand alone duplex-4plexes). You make sure first- it meets the 1% rule, then you find the stability or immediate ability to increase rent year over year. Then you check does the cost function make sense with your initial, or 1–2 year profit expectation. If you have a property that will hit 10% COC.. that is a win, correct? That same property could grow year over year within 3–4 more years to over 1 

 The truth is that nothing is making sense right now, even for real estate. Check out this article, from The Economist: America’s housing market is so far unfazed by recession America’s housing market is so far unfazed by recession “America’s housing market is behaving oddly. Residential property—worth $35trn, slightly more than America’s stockmarket—seems strangely oblivious to the economic carnage around it. House prices in May were 4.3% higher than a year earlier. That rate of growth is only marginally below the average since the end of the housing crash a decade ago. Prices in even the costlies 

There are many ways in which you can find a great property for your real estate investment. The problem lies in the fact that many would be investors aren’t exactly certain what specific types of investment they wish to make. Unfortunately, the type of investing will greatly affect the type of property that will best suit your real estate needs. This article focuses on finding a great property for the purpose of flipping or rehabbing a property. Seek Bargains This is absolutely a necessary step when it comes to finding properties with excellent potential as flipped properties. Bargains are often 

You have to make sure you do your due diligence and see what the market rent is, what homes in the surrounding areas sold for and if you would not mind staying in this home yourself. There are a few things you can do to get possession of the property for up to 90 days before you buy to check things out or even start earning income from it in a few weeks. It's all about solving the problem the Seller may have. There are just so many ways to benefit from a house you should not ever lose money even in a recession if you know what you are doing. There is even insurance that you can get to cover yo 

What's the biggest mistake that stock market investors make?
In my experience, the biggest mistake stock market investors make is they have no idea how to evaluate a stock. The reason most retail investors (+90% according to some estimates) lose money is they don’t understand the fundamentals of what they’re investing in. People spend more time researching the purchase of a new car than they do putting the same amount of money (or more) into buying stocks. They buy shares in firms whose names they recognize, brands they like, or dubious stock tips they saw on TV or read about online. They chase investing trends and “hot stocks” because they have a fear o 

As a professional investor, I am consistently amazed at the “expert” recommendations bandied about the internet. Most of these “expert” recommendations are naive and foolish, so rather than build a more academic list (which I have done before) I am going to take this opportunity to fight back against these dangerous and foolish “recommendations”! 1. Investing in IPOs.Let’s be VERY clear about what an initial public offering is NOT. It is NOT “the ground floor” of a company. The ground floor was the Series A investment by the Venture Capital firms. You are not getting in on the “ground floor” w 

A famous story about stock market :-Once upon a time in a small town, there were two brothers. They used to sell “Fuchkaa”. They were earning good amount of money for their daily expenses. One day, One man passed by their stalls. He met these two brothers and talked to them. He told them an idea to become a millionaire. Both brothers were on cloud 9. They wanted to listen the idea. So, they requested him to tell the idea in details. He agreed but wanted 30% in return of what they would earn profits. They agreed and deal was done. Name of brothers were : Prem and Prakash. And, let’s say his na 

Here are my views about common mistakes to avoid while building an investment portfolio. Making portfolio work for us Do not put all eggs in one basket – so goes an old investment saying. While aiming for rewards, risks need to be managed too. Diversifying risks with a portfolio is what all of us (including the big fund managers) do but there are few aspects (learned hard way) which help us get make portfolio perform better. Portfolio theory is as old as investment theory itself. I am not intending to change anything there but I would like to touch upon practical aspects and some of the best prac 

Short answer: lack exit plan. The only soldiers who go to combat w/o an exit plan are Kamikaze. They don’t need one because they expect to die. Unfortunately so do a lot of market participants. The apparent simplicity of the answer hides sophisticated concepts that can be broken down in two part: statistical and psychological trading edge I Statistical trading edge A Stock picking is overrated Most market participants believe that stock picking is the alpha and omega of alpha generation. Stock picking is merely everything that precedes entry. It excludes bet size and exit. Unfortunately, stock pic 

Hi, There are a lot of people that believe stock market is a speculation market, or gambling, if you may. But if you ask a professional, they will tell you completely otherwise. No doubt there is a little bit of speculation involved, but it is more about fundamentals and rules that you must rely on in order to succeed in stock market. Most people fail because they trade as gamblers. I am going to list a few other reasons hereon, kindly read below: No StoplossesPeople fail to realise the importance of stoplosses. For the uninitiated, stop loss in a trade is the lower limit that you can set while b 

Nobody gets investing right all the time. Even successful investors and experienced traders have to shake off common mistakes now and then. Because it’s next to impossible to avoid mistakes completely, successful practitioners learn from their missteps to minimize them in the future. The good news is that most of these mistakes can be avoided simply through awareness. We will take a look at the most common mistakes here: Lacking The Confidence To Get Started This is a mistake I made early on. Before I started investing on my own, I had a money manager who invested my money in mutual funds. I didn’ 

The biggest mistake investors make is that they tend to do things at the wrong time, and often the worst possible time. That’s a phrasing of the phenomenon that I borrowed from Marc Faber, but the following thoughts are my own. Martin Armstrong talks about one Japanese client he had who became interested in Armstrong’s work (Armstrong called the 1989 high pretty much to the day). The client had never invested in stocks before, but somehow was persuaded by an argument that seasonality meant the market would always go up during a certain period, and he ended up buying the high (and my guess is no 

Thanks for the A2A. It depends on the type of investor: Day Traders These are people who know nothing and know they know nothing, but still want to play the market. They are constantly brainwashed by Wall St, CNBC, financial advisors, discount brokers, Forex platforms, YouTube channels, etc. After all the media bombardment and reading candlestick patterns these poor souls start to think that they have figured out what to do. They become delusional and make the mistake of thinking that a guy at home in his pajamas can consistently make profits and compete with major Investment Banks , High-Frequen 

Gamboling in the markets is in equal parts an enterprise involving right psychology, right skills and right information. While there is help to counter the lack of information, psychology and skill sets are investors’ to manage. Following are some of the common investor missteps: Myth: Stock market is only about data and information. It requires first-degree decision making (I look at data in absolutes and take a decision)Sentiment. Stock market runs on it. The emotions of the millions of investors is the fuel that powers this big, bad engine. Investors, who believe that we live in a world run b 

How many companies bought by Warren Buffett failed?
What do investors understand that many startup founders don't?
What are some modern successful startups that became so without investor funding?
Why do investors keep their investment into Bridgewater Associates, if the fund has made on average 12%, and recently even less?
Why do so many people with expensive degrees settle for low-paying jobs?
 “Settle” for low-paying jobs? You can’t be serious, Dude. There was a time in the US when you could get a great job if you earned a bachelor’s degree in “anything.” The catch is that JFK was president at the time. Thomas B Walsh's answer to Why do so many universities offer worthless majors? Most parents (and their students) are oblivious to how college really works today. In some ways it is hard to blame them. Colleges and universities have a powerful public relations team, pushing the message 24/7 that "college is for all." The team is made up of educators, guidance counselors, financial aid office 

Question: Why do so many people settle for low-paying jobs with expensive degrees? Answer: I have a degree. It was not from an expensive university. Also, every job I have ever had has been a low-paying job. I was born in Wyoming, in the United States. In 2017, I graduated with a bachelor’s degree in mathematics, and minor in computer science from a public university in Colorado. I work low-paying jobs because applying for mid-level and high-level jobs does not work. Every time I submitted an job-application, I received an email within seconds saying, “We have successfully received your application fo 

After college, people are still lost and finding themselves. We are honest, people are still kids at 18–22. People are still trying to figure out life. You do need to at least build some relevant skills, self-efficacy, and learn to work with people for at least 3–4 years as a professional. Unfortunately, cultures are telling everyone to get married and have kids. So you have to work, that can play a role in why people settle for low-paying jobs. Other factors include not having a sense of direction. Are not applying themselves. “Just get a job that pays the bills” is messing people up. They get 

This is based on a common misconception. Companies don’t hire people because they are highly educated. They hire them because either they are skilled or they are likely to become skilled. In essence they hire people because they are intelligent and functional. They want people who are likely to do the job to a high standard. That is it, that is all that matters. In the past only the intelligent went to University and only the really intelligent passed. So anyone with a degree would immediately get positive attention. Now though it doesn’t really help differentiate people, so it is pretty much i 

I have rarely seen so many bad answers to a question on here. Why do so many people with expensive degrees settle for low paying jobs? I can tell you some answers from a half dozen people I know who settled for low paying jobs. It was not because they couldn’t find high paying jobs. Nor was it because of student loans, which makes no sense given if that was problem, then they wouldn’t have the degree. Because they would rather have the flexibility of a low paying job to spend time with family. I’ve heard this one twice, from people with good degrees.Because they are flat out unmotivated. I’ve hear

Unlike most people who answered this question. I know what you mean. Let's start with tradition. As kids we observe habits our parents have and life changes generationally. What worked for your parents isn't necessarily going to work for you. We are told the importance of working and providing for ourselves and others. However, there aren't many that challenge the status quo. From 17 until now (29) I've had a different job in a totally different field nearly every year or so. I wasn't content and didn't want to settle. Back in the day, changing jobs frequently was more taboo, but if you've worke 

Because All degrees are expensive now, and student loans are predatory. According to this report, The average US student spends $25,396 per year to attend a four year college. To take out a total of $100k in loans means paying back $100k plus interest. I won’t explain the entire poverty cycle here, suffice to say that until you get a really well-paying job, the only things you’re doing in life are working a terrible job and paying loans.“Entry level” tech or comp sci job applications frequently require more experience than someone who has just graduated college has, and don’t pay very well for 

TL;DR: the cost of the degree is not a measure of the value of the person in the labor market. I think this happens because many expensive degrees are actually not relevant for real life jobs. I read recently an article about some Spanish guys that were not able to find jobs in their area of expertise, but their area was so small the number of graduates was many times higher than the market needs. It was something like marine biology, but there are many other similar areas. Another reason is that too many people pursue advanced (and expensive) degrees just to spend a bit more time of college lif 

There are 4 main reasons Because college education is not as good as it used to be. College for all is a big thing and has been for a couple of decades. That means alot of dummies have college degrees now. people tend to choose stupid worthless degrees. Anything in an easy degree/major probably will not pay well ever for the vast majority of people. People are told to study what you love or are passionate about. That is probably the worst advice ever if you want to make much money unless you happen to be passionate about computer science or engineering. How many art majors, English literature, c 

The person needs the money and has pounded their head against the employment wall for long enough to run out of either patience or money. Not every degree pays off. You need to learn to research both jobs and careers. I knew a guy who got a microbiology degree. The best he could do to get a job in his industry was lab washup monkey. He cleaned the place for about minimum wage. He left his “industry” behind and started doing something like selling cars. Overview of BLS Wage Data by Area and Occupation Database Administrators The second is there for an example. Every kid reaching maturity should be tau 

I low-balled my "desired salary" for a position I'm applying to, not realizing that the norm was a fair bit higher. They've requested an interview. Would it be okay to raise my desired salary if it comes up?
First, I’d assume that your desired salary was entered into their application. That said, you have not even had your first interview yet. There has been no commitment made by either side. They are going to interview you to determine if you are qualified for the job, and if you are even more so than the other candidates. It does seem that many companies are willing to compromise performance of the candidate for lower pay. If your prospective employer is willing to do that, then also realize the tasks they would have you working on would be at the low-end of the excitement and challenge scale (unle 

Here is a skillful technique for handling this situation. First of all, do not mention salary until (unless) they offer you a job. At that point, if they offer you the low salary you noted, you can reply something like this: Thank you. I realize I requested this salary, and I feel it is a fair starting salary, as you do not yet know my value as an employee. I have also done some additional research, and I have leared that people (using this specific skill / or /with this training and job title) are often paid (higher salary). So I would like to propose the following. I will accept your offer as 

I got my first position by virtue of having the lowest asking price of acceptable folks they interviewed. Nothing wrong with that. Get the job by whatever means. Then shine in that job and ask for more. If they don’t give it, then you’ve got a job while you look for your next. In my case, After we had both seen each other, I had no problem getting steady raises well over simple cost of living adjustments. But you have a duty to look out for your own future. Your employer is looking out for their future. And everything is negotiable. If they ask you about your desired salary, you can tell them tha 

All that you have done up to this point is to indicate that you do not have an inflated, airy-fairy, notion of what people at your job level, in your field, ought to be paid. When the company gets around to making you a job offer, they will name a salary figure which is somewhere around the middle of those being paid to new entrants in such a job. They are not sitting back scheming how they can get you cheaply, and cheat you relative to other employees. If they did behave that way, most of their people would not be working there very long. If they decide to hire you, they are not going to ask yo 

Don’t feel alone in this one. In the past I have done the same thing with the desired salary I have asked for. Realize that you need the job so you don’t want to scare the potential employer away from the table with a high asking salary. to answer your question, yes of course you should say something like “after looking at the job description in detail I think that an annual salary of (blank$) would match up with the responsibilities that this position requires. I’m open to negotiate this so it’s not a deal breaker”. the reason I stand behind this approach is due to the fact it took me 12 ye 

Not only would it be “OK” for you to raise your desired salary expectation, either in the interview, or certainly prior to accepting a job, it is absolutely in your best interests to do so. I’ll repeat…do not commit to a below standard compensation package in order to get a job, this job or any other job. There are two good reasons for making sure that your beginning wage is fair to you, the job applicant… Every successive wage increase you receive, will be a factor, typically a percentage, of your beginning wage. So if you start low, you will obviously miss out on fair increases in the future. S

Depends on the circumstances, of course. As a recruiting part - I’d tell you to duck off (typo intended) because of the assumption that you threw a low number to get my attention because you fear being rejected (hence not trusting my integrity and/or your worth) otherwise. That’s manipulative and dishonest. As a co-human - I’d advise you to go not mentioning anything up to the point that they offer you the requested salary. Then, I’d play dumb duck and explain that there must have been a misunderstanding, a typo, bug in the software, magic and the bazzoba event. And of course ask if they’d be of 

This should be a lesson to anyone else reading. Never tell a recruiter your desired salary. As a former recruiter, I can tell you that it puts you at a disadvantage. Now that it’s done, in the interview, if they ask again, tell them that you expect to be paid a competitive salary that matches your experience and skills. And let them know you feel confident that if they decide to make an offer that it will be a good one (I wouldn’t necessarily mention having done some research because they probably expect that you would have already known what the job pays). Leave it at that. Most companies have  

The best way to play this is to interview them. Turn the tables. Ask somewhat aggressive questions, as if you are evaluating whether they are worth your value. If they bring up your lowball salary, point out to them that such a low salary would only be under ideal working conditions. They would need to provide adequate perks to make up for the discount…. You are willing to sacrifice the perks for a higher salary. Do you see what you did there? You showed them your VALUE is not less than anybody else's, but you are flexible in how that value is compensated. Most companies don't offer cars and fre 

First, you might want to determine if the interview was granted based on your knowledge, experience and talent, rather than the amount you're willing to take for the job. Secondly. I caution you about allowing greed to steal your joy or the possible accomishment of obtaining a job that will either make you happy or place you in a position to eventually achieve happiness. Originally, you applied for this job and offered to take the salary you did for some reason. I suggest you go back to that reason and stand behind your original offer because it shows fortitude, honesty and decisiveness on your 

In my 15 years of employment, I've never asked for a raise, now I'm actually one of the lowest paid employees. How can I get this rectified, or should I stay quiet (11.75 hr) retail maintenance?
I once worked for a man (the President/owner) who said he’d never pay anyone (that he employed) more than $15. — This was because, some 25 years earlier, that’s the wage he was given by the only boss/only man he ever worked for; since then, he’d been on his own as a general contractor. I was high up in the corporation; that’s the only reason I heard such a thing. Our construction foreman made $16.50/hr and had been told, by the owner, never to ask him for another raise. I knew what he made, because I made his paycheck.  The owner had no interest in what inflation did to money. About a year before  

I had never ASKED for a raise at any job before and just went by their scheduled raises or performance reviews. Then one job (grocery retail) that had a tiered pay raise system based on how many hours you’d put in, I found out they were hiring new hires at a rate just a bit below what I was currently making. More than I had been hired at, so if I had started out at the rate they were now hiring people at, I would be making much more. So I finally for the first time ASKED for a raise. I first searched online for samples of raise request letters and altered them enough to fit more my style while 

When I was quite young I had been working for a sheetmetal shop after school during the week and on Saturdays. After a year and a half I decided to go into my boss's office and ask for a raise. As I walked in he glanced my way for a second and asked,”what can I do for you, kid?” That was my name at that shop, everyone called me kid. My boss was huge, he was from Texas, I wont say his name here but even that was intimidating. Anyway, I answered back,” I'm in here asking for a dollar per hour raise, I think I'm worth it.” It took all the balls I had to say that. He stopped what he was doing and  

You can ask, but not forcefully. Look at other job opportunities to see what your market is. Apply for a few jobs and see who requests interviews. You don’t need to necessarily go to any, but it’s evidence you can use to show what you are worth. If you take it too far, be willing to take one of those other jobs. Some managers hate the idea of losing an argument or negotiation, and will force you to lose even if you are right in your assessment. I’m not good at reverse psychology or negotiation, but I know the tactic is to get them to negotiate for you instead of against you. It’s a bit tricky  

Question: In my 15 years of employment, I've never asked for a raise, now I'm actually one of the lowest paid employees. How can I get this rectified, or should I stay quiet (11.75 hr) retail maintenance? You are probably going to need to change jobs, I’m afraid. Let’s think about things: You’ve been there for 15 yearsYou state that you haven’t had a raise in many years (if ever)The company hasn’t given you a cost of living wage raise just to be doing something.You haven’t been promoted.You haven’t left before now.Frankly, your employer has no reason to give you a raise. They aren’t impressed wit 

Absolutely prepare yourself for winning. Build out your résumé. Make it GREAT. Include all the things you can do, including licenses &amp; certifications — which you can take elsewhere. Next, do research to see what the market says is normal for your skill set. Maybe even have a confidential discussion with a Recruiter to see what they would say. Then, armed with that info, go to your boss and explain why you deserve a raise. If they say there’s nothing they can do, go to HR, and discuss it with them. If they refuse to increase your pay to at least the middle of the salary range you show them, start  

You have to know your worth. If you stay in the same job for years with the same pay and say nothing, your employer has no reason to change things. My experience of this is starting as an apprentice and working my way up, with raises as I went. The company was very good to learn in, but salaries weren't competitive. Eventually I got tired of looking at job adverts offering better pay for only some of what I was skilled in, and I left. I think I was still seen as that apprentice who started years ago, and wasn't taken particularly seriously even though my skills and work attitude had matured a lo 

My son is high school math teacher at a private school. He told his principal that he wanted a raise to get closer to what the public high schools make (~$15K more/year). At this point she has still not responded with a yes or no. I encouraged him to update his resume and consider looking for positions at other schools. He needs to talk with her again in order to judge whether he should start looking. You need to be strategic. Save as much of an emergency fund as you can. One of the key sociological/cultural reasons for the ‘gender pay gap’ is that women are much less likely to ask for raises th 

In Canada, raise is not mandatory so many people get none or get less than a dollar. The only way to make sure they get bigger pay is to switch companies every couple years and their salary will increase much more than if they stay in one company. Loyalty is not appreciated like in old times, and like when you were employed by that company. On the contrary, people like you get taken for granted. That is unfortunate. I do not think that you can ask for and get a raise that will match your current market value so before you ask for it start looking for another job. If your raise gets denied you c 

Look for a better paying job. Tell your boss you’re leaving. Ofcourse, he/she will ask why are you leaving, if he/she values you as an employee. Tell him/her straight up you have a better paying job and need it because you cannot support yourself anymore. I don’t know where you live, but to give you an idea, 15 years ago, when I purchased my new house, it cost me $300,000. 15 years later, my house can be sold for 1.1million dollars. 15 years ago, gas cost 0.50 cents.. Today it costs $1.1. Price of everything has increased. How the hell did your boss not give you a raise every year. Many compan 

During salary negotiations, I severely undervalued myself and threw out a very low number. The HM offered just a little over the number I said. Is there any way I can drive up the offer at this point? (There's no scope for negotiating other benefits)
An employee asked me for a raise but I didn't give it to him so he resigned. I really need him now for a project. How can I get him back?
An employee asked me for a raise but I didn't give it to him so he resigned. I really need him now for a project. How can I get him back? You have a couple options. Propose to hire him as a contractor. As he would not be a full time employee, you will need to pay him more, to cover the benefits that he would not be getting as an employee. You will also need to pay him more because he already believes his work is worth more than you were paying him before. This will be expensive and it will be temporary.You can approach him with an offer that meets his requirements for working for you. This will 

It’s very doubtful you will get him back. Why should he trust you, just because you need him for a project? What will convince him that you won’t terminate him after the project is over? I’d like to tell you a story. A good employee had worked at this organization for many years, and worked on multiple projects - despite they weren’t his main tasks. He almost always filled in when someone needed time off for whatever reason (whether it was medical or other personal reasons), especially since a particular employee that worked along side him did not (fill in much at all). After a while, he went t 

In other words, you didn't appreciate that employee and you slapped his efforts right in the face, so he slapped you back. Got it. Good for your former employee! He knows his worth, obviously. You used him for your own benefit and he knew your game better than you…so he left. What did you expect? That he was going to stick around while you played puppet master, and he the puppet? Did you really think he was going to stick around while you had him work hard and offered him peanuts instead of steak? Look, I'm not interested in knowing what you are dealing with as an employer, you know darn well tha 

Let me share a little of my experience. It was my previous job, I worked for a company for more than 3 years. During my 4th year, I felt nothing will change, I am not learning something new, everything is so hectic, even a sick day is hard to get because you will need doctor’s letter to prove that you are sick. Even then, I still used to get called because of something. Mostly I never take leaves, in 1 year, I might only be taking 3–4 days of leave. Anyways, after 3 years I decided to quit because of the hours, salary and hectic job. I wanted to live peacefully, I gave them almost 2 months of not 

An employee asked me for a raise but I didn't give it to him so he resigned. I really need him now for a project. How can I get him back? You are Screwed(tm) My best recommendation: Get over it and move on. If you can’t just move on, feel free to continue reading, but I don’t think you’re going to like what I have to say. You need to ask yourself some very hard questions about your management style before you do anything: You didn’t believe your employee was worth the raise when they asked, so why are you even considering what you can do now? If the perceived value is just the scope of the project 

Hi there, I see CEO's mess up this one management concept more consistently than anything else. When making critical decisions like this, you have to be able to see the decisions through the eyes of the company as a whole. Otherwise, your management decisions could have potentially dangerous consequences not only on employees asking a raise but at the entire company. So let’s take a look at your example (with a scenario) Situation : Your employee left the company ? CEO : You want to retain that employee and reward them, and you also want to be fair since weren’t. The great employees, You have to reme 

Although most of my work is in the other direction, clients occasionally get me to help on this, which I guess is the first thing you need to get right. If they were happy, then odds are they wouldn’t be looking and then finding more pay. So they’re unhappy and the odds are good (bad ?) that they blame you. This may or may not be fair. Thankfully I’m a headhunter in financial markets so regard the word fair as relevant to my work as porn is to fish, you can try it, but ain’t nothing gonna happen. So they dislike you at least a little bit and therefore you need someone else to bring them round. Of 

The question in my mind is why you didn’t give him the raise when he asked for it. Did you: Not know how much work he was doing for you?Underestimate his value to the company?Place money ahead of your human capital?Feel insulted by his request and refuse out of stubbornness?Prioritize the short-term impact of his loss ahead of long-term company requirements?Think you could continue to pay him far below his worth and he would accept that?Just cheap out?Once you know why you handicapped your company or your department by making a bad decision, you can begin to address how to get him back. Also, h 

Well, now. That’s just too fucking bad for you, eh? Just so it’s absolutely clear: You will almost certainly never get them back, so stop wasting your and/or your company’s time, and accept that you 100% did this to yourself. You really should have treated him better. I am absolutely certain of this. High-output/high-performing employees with at least some general work-world experience usually know their value to their organisation, and with that, understand that they don’t need you as much as you think they need you, let alone anywhere near as much as you actually need them. And no, that doesn’t ju 

I’ve noticed a common pattern amongst companies where I work. I work there for a while,I ask for a raise,They say no, soI work away while I search for a new job, thenI leave.…Then the calls start. How did I get xyz done?I refer them to the files I left behind. Everything is documented.Then three months later I find out they’ve hired 3+ people to do the job I used to do on my own, normally at about my old salary.My last job they hired 4 people to do my old job. And yet somehow they’re resentful, as if me doing my old job efficiently, effectively, and without complaint despite the enormous amount  

What kind of jobs do software engineers who earn $500k per year do?
Disclosure: I'm an ex-Googler. This answer does not represent the company. The premise of the question is somewhat misguided in that there are no $500K guaranteed "earnings" out there for engineers. As the article mentions, this is a combination of salary and restricted stock units (RSU). To explain what you'd need to do to get there, let me offer an analogy: If you're a worker in a village who supplies said village with water, you are valuable to its people. There are two types of workers: Type 1 worker: Grabs an empty bucket or two, goes to the sweet water lake, fills them up, comes back and mak 

First, $500,000 per year and $3 million require very different strategies. Decent financial quants get $500,000 per year, including bonus. You have to be strong, but you don't need to be a "rock star". I know smart people you've never heard of who are earning $300k-1.5M as quants. Unlike in the Valley, where you need to be a 10x self-seller and put up with VCs and become a celebrity to make any money in code, you can get moderately rich just by being a good programmer in finance. (Some people say that programmers are second-class citizens in finance, compared to traders banking millions, and th 

Software engineers who make $500k a year do the same job as most of the rest of them. They just do it a bit more broadly, or a bit more deeply. And they have experience which puts them at a premium. Here’s some examples of positions held by software engineers I know who make or made $500k or more a year. Distinguished engineer, principal engineer, director of engineering, vice president, software architect, software engineering manager, software engineer. In other words, all along the spectrum of software engineering. Here’s what got them paid so highly. Desirability. Everyone loves a successful 

I'm not really a fan of the mystical answers that ascribe super human wisdom, morality, etc. to people who manage to make good money.  For one thing, it overcomplicates how one makes money in capitalism.I know plenty of people that make well in excess of 500k doing "dumb" things. These people are not super humans saving a village with a new water source. They just identified a good market.  Second, the mystical answers imply that people who make less are intellectually and morally inferior, shortsighted, etc. In fact, it's easier to make a lot of money as a software engineer in a gambling, porn 

Instead of building a self-help seminar out of this question, I'll just try and actually answer it.  :-) To make around $500K/year in the valley, you'd typically be getting a mixture of base pay, bonus, and equity - mostly equity. To get to a total of around $500K as a software engineer, you need to have a successful career at one or more Tier 1 tech companies (e.g. Google, Facebook, etc), and around 8 years work experience on BS or MS degree, or around 5 years on a PhD degree. You are probably doing some management but not necessarily. You're really (really) good, meaning: top notch education, 

Nearly none. Software personnel may make up to 100k a year but anything beyond that and you're looking at a .01% margin, where the rest are all under 80k a year. Engineers can make that much but it's pretty rare too. If you want to make 500k a year you have to invent something or be so rare that basically you have no competition. Nothing about software “engineers” is that valuable, unfortunately. Again, not unless you invent something or say start a company. Too often, naive college students think that with their degree they are going to start making 100k a year… because degree. The reality wil 

I understand, that engineering salaries are controlled by “managers” based on whatever MBA criteria: corporate KPIs and meeting other abstract HR-set “goals”, credentials of the academic (MIT, CalTech, etc.) and previous employment (Google and other “big tech”) kind, connections, and everything else, except for the actual quality programming, that makes or saves millions one’s salary is paid out of. Let’s look at it for once from the technical instead of “managerial” perspective. Think about. How much QA cycles cause by programmers mindlessly throwing half-baked shit over the wall, costs? Server 

People contracting in Siebel were earning £1600/day (directly to them, before tax) - that is probably $500k/year.  But there are better ways to make money. I would think twice about entering into technology. It is really really hard work and the pay-off is not as good as say becoming an investment banker. In technology, you have to continue educating yourself as technology changes every moment. You could climb up the ladder and become an [IT] Architect - but there too you are not immune from these changes. Infact you are more affected by them (sure you no longer need to posssess in-depth technol 

There’s nothing magical about the 500k figure, first of all — trust me, from having been on both sides of that, it’s not as if rainbows and unicorns appear as soon as your W-2 crosses 500k. It seems that’s become a theme in a bunch of Quora questions. But seeing this as a proxy for high compensation in general, the labor markets are efficient enough that people who are leading technical efforts that are at the core of a company’s business edge are participating in the results of that business edge, often to the tune of millions of dollars. That said, sometimes people just get lucky (early emplo 

$500K may sound exorbitant, but in a field of 1K engineers on the same effort and someone saves that improving your code in a few days; are the not worth that salary ? This is without RSUs.  The Valley is on fire for Tech, and there are experts that can outshine and outproduce 50 individual programmers. What may have been in December is much different now in many ways.  The competition for experienced and wizardry is intense.  There are more $tartups and VC money in the Valley than we have ever seen.  If one judges things from even 3 months ago, you will find many strategic pivots have occurred. 

I asked my boss for a raise but he said I didn't deserve it, so I sent him my resignation letter. Now he is asking me to stay with a higher salary. Should I accept his offer?
No matter what, you can only do this once. And, you don’t get what you deserve, you get what you negotiate. I am a manager at a mid-sized company and deal with this situation everyday. Here is my approach. When an employee is asking for a raise, there is an implied threat that everyone understands. The employee clearly thinks their market value is higher than the company is offering. I understand that. I might feel the same way about my own situation. Still, I have a specific job to do and that means maximizing the value to the stakeholders of the company. I also have HR looking at everything an 

The experts will tell you - never - never - EVER accept a counter-offer. Your resignation has already placed you in the outer circle and you will remain there forever. Just leave. A resignation cannot raise your value to the company - he is lying to you. Anecdote: One of our team members - a critical player - wanted a raise and the project boss said no - flat no. So he resigned. Next our project boss took all us leaders into a room to discuss options. He said the project budget had an additional $5000 due to the resignation of another, lower-level resource. Everyone scratched their head. “He’s  

First let me say that in your case I think I agree that you should not accept his offer. But I don’t think that is because you should never accept a counter offer. So first, why you maybe shouldn’t stay. You made the right move by asking for a raise first. I don’t know how you asked. There may be room for improvement there, generally you need some kind of leverage or logic to request a raise. Maybe you asked perfectly. The important thing is it gave you a chance to evaluate what your employer thought of you, or at least the manager. If he unequivocally said you didn’t deserve a raise as your qu 

I have managed teams of people and had people under me do the same thing and then the management above me suddenly was supportive of a raise (which they rejected when I first made a case for it). I am not someone to beat around the bush and I would not try to get someone a raise who had not earned it. If they asked I would explain that they were not in a position to get one and provide them feedback on things they could do to improve and earn that raise. I did one time have an employee do this and when I had a meeting in the office with them about the pay raise, they bluntly asked me if they sh 

I’ve been in this situation before with a Company I worked for, been with them for 4 years and at the same salary and have seen others get raises. This was a restaurant and that company did very well financially as they owed 16 of them, the problem was not they could not afford raises it was the owner himself who was very very cheap to the point when things in the kitchen broke and needed to either be fixed or replaced it would take over 6 months because the owner was just to cheap. Only a small few people ever got a raise and it was very little, the owner always had an excuse for everything.  

If I were you, I would not accept counter offer instead take the new one or would scout for another one. An organization who can't recognize the right talent and cant retain them can't sustain in long term. In fact companies are made of people and values. Once this is lost, there is not point to continue even if it's a lucrative counter offer. You would get into the same situation next time again. Let me tell you a story. There was a kid in a village who was really smart in all that he does. He was first in class, first in sports, social work etc. All villagers liked the kid since he was kind of 

Yes, you likely should remain with your present employer at the higher salary. Salaries and wages usually are and should be “business verses personality”. It is not a matter of deserving, it is a simple mater of simple economics. In illustrative numbers, if the average economic pay for your type services is 1000 units per period and you are doing a good job for 750 units; then your employer is getting the work done for well below average economic cost. If you quit and leave, your employer is likely going to have to pay the replacement that it hires 1000 units per period or more. The replacement’s 

There are two almost contradictory thought processes that I bounce back and forth between. Thought process #1: The cynic Corporate America is a giant system designed to get you, the employee, to work more for less money. Anything they can do or say to get you to keep doing crappy work so they don’t have to, they will. You are a cog in the machine. Your feelings, personality, and uniqueness only matter as much as you continue to show up on time and perform the responsibilities you have been assigned. Your relationship only exists because you want money, and the company has a task they are willing 

Many years ago there was a saying that was very popular. You never miss the water till the well runs dry. It has been my experience that big firms. companies have a set way of doing things. I worked for a computer company, many year ago. I commuted 66 miles each way each day, from New Hampshire to Massachusetts. The company was building a plant in New Hampshire which would have cut my commute to just 33 miles each way. I asked to be transferred to the new facility which opened in September that year. My manager said you will be one of the first to set up in the new plant. Then he sent 3 other people 

It was my first job as a programmer. I was desperate for a job and just out of college. I couldn’t get a job in what I studied, but utilized a skill that I taught myself when I was younger: programming. However, I had no real world experience and had only been doing it for about 5 years as a hobby. I was grateful for the job and even got a raise from $10 to $12 after 6 months fixing bugs and adding new features to the software. Things were going great, but I started to notice something: I was getting better at what I did. I was being asked to do more. And I was also being micromanged to hell —  

Is 60k a year a high salary in the U.S.?
Nope, at least in general. It's about median income which means it's average. Medians are probably the best way to measure average income in the US because our income distribution is skewed right (or positive depending on who taught you statistics). Mean income is about $10,000 higher for that reason. Now if you're using this information to make a career decision you should know a couple of things. One, happiness stops increasing with income at around $75,000 a year in the US. That's around the point that every one of your basic needs are fully met. After that more money can only bring you plea 

Yes . . . and no. It’s all relative. Consider a $60,000 / year salary in a place like the Washington, DC metro area. That’s $5,000 semi-monthly (twice monthly) in gross, pre-tax income. First, factor in 5% for benefits ($250) (you did want medical, dental, and vision insurance, right?) and 25% withholding ($1,250) for income and payroll taxes. Second, factor in $1,000 to $1,500 / month for a 1BR apartment, depending on the location. Let’s split the difference here and make it $1,250 / month. (You could go lower with roommates or by moving further out . . . but depending on your job, that might impa 

(You really need to specify “for what.” A high or low salary is determined by career.) In IT that’s illegal alien wages, pretty much all across the country. I’m in the Midwest, far enough away from Chicago to be in a low-reasonable cost of living area. Even out here, remote, work-from-home billing rates are $50+/hr. Yes, you can find bottom feeding companies posting openings on Find Jobs in Tech and Job Search | Indeed wanting someone with 10+ years experience and paying only $80K, but they are deliberately looking to hire an illegal alien. Those positions go unfilled for years. If they do get fi 

Not really. In some places in the U.S. if you have no children, live in modest yet comfortable accommodations and have a dependable low maintenance car, you could be comfortable on that salary if you also have employer sponsored health insurance and a retirement plan your employer contributes to. Add in children, student loans, etc and it starts to become ramen, spaghetti and rice a Roni dinners, no eating out, no vacation, considering fresh food a very special treat. Also there are places $60k would not be livable AT ALL or only with government/family/charity assistance. Of course, government/c 

It depends on the location. In Manhattan, San Francisco, and downtown Los Angeles, 60k a year won’t get you much more than an old, cramped apartment and basic necessities like water, electricity, and food. If you have young children, you may even need government assistance to get by. In the suburbs, outskirts, and neighboring districts of those aforementioned cities (San Mateo, Brooklyn, Glendale, etc.), 60k a year is enough to live a comfortable albeit austere life. Splurging on vacations and luxury goods is out of the question, but if you manage your finances well, you can avoid having to live 

U.S. Census Bureau lists the annual median personal income at $35,977 in 2019. Then 60K is almost 2x – WoW 60K is a high Salary in the US. But we must dig more into Details. Come Let us calculate. High Salary is measured based on 2 factors. Job Title or the Industry or Field of work.Balance left after the mandatory Spent.My insights can help to determine the Salary needs. I have Stayed in different parts of USPresently staying in New York Metropolitan AreaNet Pay is the Real Salary: Every Employer will determine your value based on the gross income, but we must focus on the Take Home Salary becaus 

The average individual salary in the U.S. in 2019 was just under $49,000 per year. [1] So $60K is about 20% higher than average. That’s on the high end of the middle range for an individual. If that one salary accounts for the entire household income, it is almost dead-center average.[2] Of course, it makes a difference where in the U.S. you are. $60,000 in Manhattan or San Francisco is not even going to meet basic needs. With that income, for example, you could buy a house valued about $300,000 or less. That is less than half the cost of the absolute cheapest house in San Francisco.[3] Finding a place 

According to the US government, $60,000 per year is the median salary in 2020. That means that half the population earns more than $60,000 per year and half the population earns less than that. However, this is somewhat misleading, since the ones who earn less may earn much less while the ones who earn more may earn much more. And the difference becomes quite steep, the higher you go. There’s only $60,000 between $60,000 and zero. But there’s no upper limit. In my experience, this is a starting (entry-level) salary in nearly any profession that requires a graduate degree in anything. This may n 

It is a relatively high salary for a working-class person. We use a number that has no real meaning to determine “average income” in the United States, because if we did it properly, it would show how poor the working class actually is. Going back to elementary school, it’s important to remember the difference between the Mean, the Median, and the Mode of a data set. The Median income is what we advertise. That’s the “middle-most” value of the data when you order your sample from least to greatest, which is around $75,000. The reason this is meaningless is because if the bottom half of my data i 

Despite what a lot of people have said, $60,000 isn’t all that much. Factor in conservative numbers here: a car payment + Car insurance + gas + maintenance ($700–1000+ Per month), because a car is necessary if you’re outside of a city with a decent public transit system, rent + utilities-including wireless phone, internet, electricity, water, trash, sewer (~1,500+ a month), 1/2 health insurance and all of your doctors’ bills -because even IF your employer covers 1/2 of your insurance, and a lot of employers don’t cover ANY, you most likely won’t meet your deductible unless you have surgery (so 

Has your boss ever denied your request for a raise? If so, what did you do?
Will my salary increase every year as a software engineer?
An employee asked me for a raise but I didn't give it to him so he resigned. I really need him now for a project. How can I get him back?
An employee asked me for a raise but I didn't give it to him so he resigned. I really need him now for a project. How can I get him back? You have a couple options. Propose to hire him as a contractor. As he would not be a full time employee, you will need to pay him more, to cover the benefits that he would not be getting as an employee. You will also need to pay him more because he already believes his work is worth more than you were paying him before. This will be expensive and it will be temporary.You can approach him with an offer that meets his requirements for working for you. This will 

It’s very doubtful you will get him back. Why should he trust you, just because you need him for a project? What will convince him that you won’t terminate him after the project is over? I’d like to tell you a story. A good employee had worked at this organization for many years, and worked on multiple projects - despite they weren’t his main tasks. He almost always filled in when someone needed time off for whatever reason (whether it was medical or other personal reasons), especially since a particular employee that worked along side him did not (fill in much at all). After a while, he went t 

In other words, you didn't appreciate that employee and you slapped his efforts right in the face, so he slapped you back. Got it. Good for your former employee! He knows his worth, obviously. You used him for your own benefit and he knew your game better than you…so he left. What did you expect? That he was going to stick around while you played puppet master, and he the puppet? Did you really think he was going to stick around while you had him work hard and offered him peanuts instead of steak? Look, I'm not interested in knowing what you are dealing with as an employer, you know darn well tha 

Let me share a little of my experience. It was my previous job, I worked for a company for more than 3 years. During my 4th year, I felt nothing will change, I am not learning something new, everything is so hectic, even a sick day is hard to get because you will need doctor’s letter to prove that you are sick. Even then, I still used to get called because of something. Mostly I never take leaves, in 1 year, I might only be taking 3–4 days of leave. Anyways, after 3 years I decided to quit because of the hours, salary and hectic job. I wanted to live peacefully, I gave them almost 2 months of not 

An employee asked me for a raise but I didn't give it to him so he resigned. I really need him now for a project. How can I get him back? You are Screwed(tm) My best recommendation: Get over it and move on. If you can’t just move on, feel free to continue reading, but I don’t think you’re going to like what I have to say. You need to ask yourself some very hard questions about your management style before you do anything: You didn’t believe your employee was worth the raise when they asked, so why are you even considering what you can do now? If the perceived value is just the scope of the project 

Hi there, I see CEO's mess up this one management concept more consistently than anything else. When making critical decisions like this, you have to be able to see the decisions through the eyes of the company as a whole. Otherwise, your management decisions could have potentially dangerous consequences not only on employees asking a raise but at the entire company. So let’s take a look at your example (with a scenario) Situation : Your employee left the company ? CEO : You want to retain that employee and reward them, and you also want to be fair since weren’t. The great employees, You have to reme 

Although most of my work is in the other direction, clients occasionally get me to help on this, which I guess is the first thing you need to get right. If they were happy, then odds are they wouldn’t be looking and then finding more pay. So they’re unhappy and the odds are good (bad ?) that they blame you. This may or may not be fair. Thankfully I’m a headhunter in financial markets so regard the word fair as relevant to my work as porn is to fish, you can try it, but ain’t nothing gonna happen. So they dislike you at least a little bit and therefore you need someone else to bring them round. Of 

The question in my mind is why you didn’t give him the raise when he asked for it. Did you: Not know how much work he was doing for you?Underestimate his value to the company?Place money ahead of your human capital?Feel insulted by his request and refuse out of stubbornness?Prioritize the short-term impact of his loss ahead of long-term company requirements?Think you could continue to pay him far below his worth and he would accept that?Just cheap out?Once you know why you handicapped your company or your department by making a bad decision, you can begin to address how to get him back. Also, h 

Well, now. That’s just too fucking bad for you, eh? Just so it’s absolutely clear: You will almost certainly never get them back, so stop wasting your and/or your company’s time, and accept that you 100% did this to yourself. You really should have treated him better. I am absolutely certain of this. High-output/high-performing employees with at least some general work-world experience usually know their value to their organisation, and with that, understand that they don’t need you as much as you think they need you, let alone anywhere near as much as you actually need them. And no, that doesn’t ju 

I’ve noticed a common pattern amongst companies where I work. I work there for a while,I ask for a raise,They say no, soI work away while I search for a new job, thenI leave.…Then the calls start. How did I get xyz done?I refer them to the files I left behind. Everything is documented.Then three months later I find out they’ve hired 3+ people to do the job I used to do on my own, normally at about my old salary.My last job they hired 4 people to do my old job. And yet somehow they’re resentful, as if me doing my old job efficiently, effectively, and without complaint despite the enormous amount  

Should I lie about my salary in an interview in order to get a higher offer?
One of the most critical rules of interviewing is, “You cannot lie about or even exaggerate easily verifiable facts.” As an interviewee you’ll be expected to put a positive spin on things that it would normally be unfair to expect you to speak positively about (your current employer for instance), but don’t try to put your spin on factual information. Not only is it likely to be discovered and thus end your chances of getting the job, it’s unlikely to actually make a meaningful difference in your outcomes, even if you don’t get caught. When it comes to knowing what a company is likely to pay so 

An interesting thing about being a teacher is that EVERYONE knows what you make. They ask how many years you have, and what your education is and poof, your salary is available. Honestly, that is how it should be. Everyone’s salary should be public knowledge. Now, on with my story. In the late 1990’s During the early stages of the Internet boom, I was teaching Computer Skills in South Central Los Angeles. I had a stint as Technology Consultant for a team of 17 school and had instituted a group technology plan, helped each school develop its own technology plan, and put in place and started a pl 

I suspect that this question refers to the US. I have lived and worked in the UK, Greece and Luxembourg. Below, I am referring mostly to the first two, but I am guessing some of it works similarly in the US and other EU countries. Also, it seems that in the US employers negotiate on the salary after the interview. In Europe, very often a candidate applies through an external recruiter, and they negotiate the salary with them before they have an interview with the employer. They can also apply directly to the employer, have an interview, and negotiate the salary at the interview. Below I have an 

Lie your ass off (*in a particular way) Providing your current salary if less than market rate: Enables you to negotiate lessViewed as lacking confidence to previously ask for what you’re worth (1)Many of the current opinions point to either A) honesty or B) getting caught as the reason not to lie. How I would think about those issues: A) This is a negotiation. It’s highly unlikely the hiring company is making their best offer. There is certainly a range, and there’s usually flexibility, they’re not giving you the highest possible amount from the get-go. They’re also unlikely, for example, to div 

Absolutely not, you should be 100% honest. You SHOULD however, be cultivating multiple offers so that you can negotiate a higher salary. You should absolutely avoid naming a salary at all, in fact. Let them name the numbers. You should dodge that question like Neo until you’re ready to accept a negotiated offer. If you aren’t trying to get multiple offers, you’re leaving potentially 5 digits worth of salary difference on the table. When you are getting multiple offers that’s a big signal that you are a commodity that’s worth having. Not to mention, it gives you more options, career-wise. By the 

Absolutely not. You can take two approaches, depending upon how difficult the hiring company is and how much you want the job. You can just refuse to tell them. There is no reason why they require it, and you don’t have to give it to them. They will not be happy about it, and you’ll get different levels of argumentativeness, and honestly? It may cost you the job (even though it shouldn’t). Everybody is just going to say that you don’t need to tell them and should refuse, and in a perfect world that is the case. But in reality, you need to make compromises.The alternative is to be truthful, but 

In my opinion, there is no need to lie. To be honest, I have been interviewed several times in my life and I was probably asked that question only once or twice. Majority of the time, I am asked about my salary expectation. At that time, instead of telling them my expectations, I say that let me tell you what I currently make. I know that may sound stupid to some, but it works in my advantage. First thing is that when I tell them my salary, they already know that I am not going to join the company for anything less than that (though honestly they try – oh these conniving HR folks). I also make 

What you are currently being paid should not be relevant to a prospective employer. There are all sorts of factors which go into determining the salary a person is paid in a particular company in a certain industry in a specific location. It’s almost impossible to compare apples with apples. You also need to factor in differences between ‘at risk’ and base salary policies. Some companies pay low base salaries but larger performance based bonuses or incentives. Some pay higher base salaries, but no or smaller bonuses, depending on their philosophy or culture. Some candidates prefer a ‘bird in th 

NEVER disclose your current salary to a potential new employer. If the employer wants to know what is the market value for that role, there are plenty of resources to find out. ALWAYS try to make the employer give you a number. If it’s higher than what you expect, well that’s good for you (even then, you probably have room to squeeze a bit more in the negotiation process. Or some vacation days. Or other perks.). If it’s lower than what you expect, try to negotiate (if they have no room to negotiate, then don’t waste your time with them). Your current salary is not the new employer’s business. You 

My thoughts If you tell your company that you are currently being paid less than the industry average, then they will certainly see this as an opportunity to pay you less. You have 2 main choices when negotiating: 1. Don’t tell them what salary you are on. 2. Lie about your salary. Some people here just saying ‘don't tell them your salary.’ Sound advice, but if they ask directly what your current salary is, and you side-step the answer, then they may well assume you are on a low salary, and therefore just offer you the industry average. If you exaggerate your salary, there is very low chance they w 

I heard that faculty salaries are much lower than that in industry. If a faculty member's salary is low, why are there still many PhD students who want to stay in academia? What are the pros and cons for staying in academia?
First of all the salary isn't low.  The salary includes only nine months of work, and unlike industry you are not only allowed to have an outside job, but in some fields (i.e. biotech and CS), its practically a requirement that you have an outside income, and you will be given time to do this. There are issues with post-doc salaries, but the problem with tenure track is getting the job, not the salary (at least in physics). As far as why people what this......  It's psychological. 1) If everyone person that you have any sort of close personal relationship with has is a person in academia (and thi 

Attitudes and rules do differ among regions and types of academic institutions, so generalized answers and comments as sen here are often wrong in specific situations.First of all, staying in academia beyond a postdoc without having a responsible and largely independemt position, i.e., a professorial appointment, is a poor choice, even though the setting may be great. As a faculty member you have more choices, especially of you can attract grant money to support your research.Many universities do have 9-month appointments, requiring faculty to support themselves, if they wish, by taking on  

Yes, this is true. Faculty at universities are not paid a lot of money, but they make a good middle class salary. The exception is adjunct professors, who are exploited by payment of penurious wages. This is an example of predatory capitalism, i.e., paying someone a non-living wage because you can get away with it and make your costs less. It is immoral. Be that as it may - salaries for faculty depend on the field. In fields where industry demand is high, professors can be paid very well (otherwise the university would not have any of that kind of professor). In the liberal arts and humanities, 

The real answer to your question is what others have said: an academic job is attractive to some people because of what it entails. But on the numbers, a junior faculty member's salary is not necessarily as low as you think. Well-endowed private universities are offering between $105,000 and $125,000 as nine-month salary to assistant professors in engineering departments. (Some university divisions, like business schools, generally pay professors much more. Other areas, like science or the humanities, may pay less.) For the summer, a professor in a well-funded field can typically pay him or herse 

People make decisions about their livelihoods for a multitude of reasons including (but not limited to): CompensationInterest in (and/or fulfillment from) the work itselfLeverage &amp; potential future opportunitiesCulture of the workplaceWork/life balanceLocationOther benefits/drawbacks such as the ability/necessity to travel often.Personally, I think CS faculty positions offer a lot for points 2, 3 &amp; 4, and I would expect that many of my faculty colleagues feel the same way.  Being a professor at a research university means that doing research (or advising students to do research) is a top prior 

We in Germany 20 years ago had the following saying. The best go to America, the good stay in business, the average and the fearful stay at the university. This is still exactly what it is today in Germany. Many people I know to stay at the university in Germany were basically screwed over. They get even smaller compensations (around 60k), were doing teaching and everything, are promised professoral positions in the future and with the age of 35 to 38 (usually when having kids kick in), they get laid off and join the nobel work-forces as underpaid brainiacs. The one moving to America (or another 

Lifestyle. I love the academic lifestyle. I work hard, but I generally get to set my own hours.I have tons of projects, but they are projects that I chose to do, and that I am excited about.It is part of my job description to be constantly thinking, innovating, trying new ideas, and generally tinkering. Personally I love this, but it’s not for everyone.I get to travel to super interesting and exotic places for work, and I’m usually able to arrange some tourist time to see the sights or experience the culture.I have the freedom to take a day or two off for a sick kid or to handle family matters 

Please see Joseph Wang’s response above. I endorse it. Faculty salaries in the U.S. are not low in a number of academic fields. In fact, in some cases, I believe they are “too high” given the large growth in tuition fees &amp; college expenses that has occurred over the past 20 years. Distinguished professors deserve to be paid more then their non-distinguished peers, and schools compete for professors by offering salaries according to what the market will bear. But, when their salaries or those of Dept. Heads go beyond some level - say $200,000 / yr adjusted for cost of living differences (feel fr 

I ask myself this question a lot, and this is the easiest way to summarize my answer: most private sector jobs are bullshit. As flawed as academia is (and it is deeply flawed), its core mission is to gain and disseminate knowledge for the benefit of humanity as a whole. Even though it often fails to reach that goal, at least there's the abstract hope that someday it might get there. So, I'm comfortable giving my time in support of that aim despite the long hours and absurdly low pay. Given the "up-or-out" mentality of academia, the only way I can continue to do this is to eventually rise to the 

The assumption that private sector jobs are as one person put it “bullshit” is incorrect and disingenuous to the many hard working people who make sure our goods get made and to the stores on time. You don’t have to downplay or negate the private sector to justify why you made a different choice. We all have a part to play. If you decide to stay in academia, it’s your choice. If you want to make more money, make a change. PhD students get lower salaries because they are students. Once youo graduate and get a full time job in academia, your salary will go up. Furthermore, your salary will be hig 

My boss wants to reduce my salary after more than 2 years of service. He thinks it’s not fair because I’m being paid more than the other people. I am not on sales. What can I do against it?
You need help - get it very soon and preferably before you have to speak with your employer about this subject. It’s interesting that so many people seem to assume you’re in the US and don’t answer specifically because they don’t know what state you’re in …… you appear to be in Portugal, however, and are therefore offered some protection by EU laws. I should imagine your rights are not dissimilar to those we have in the UK. So, there are three actions you can take here - in reality the last is the most important! However, the first is a practical one and has been suggested by others here. Update 

I'd consider updating your resume and getting ready to move on, unless you can take the pay cut and still make ends meet but a cut in pay to do the same job to me is a little bit of an insult, unless you're on a contract I don't think you would have any recourse and they may be trying to tell you in a not so nice way that you're either under or over performing and just want you to move on, as I can see either being a problem, over-performing you're raising the expectation of others to meet, and under performing, you're not working up to a standard most others are, I can see it go either way de 

The amount you are paid is a combination of how much your employer is prepared to pay and how much you are prepared to work for. Employers are often very secretive about pay. That allows them to have significant disparities between workers doing similar roles. In the UK, if the lower paid worker was a that would be illegal. Realistically, your value to your employer is the amount they would have to pay to hire someone to replace you. Few employers even consider the opportunity cost of reduced productivity and the training required to get a replacement up to your level of productivity. So, test ou 

In the US, probably not much legally. A company generally has the right to reduce your rate and/or hours as they see fit. You can accept or leave; they can’t make you stay if you object. This doesn’t apply if you have a contract, but those are rare outside of executives and key people along with union members. The salary agreement you signed when you started isn’t a contract in that sense. The only approach I know of that might work is to demonstrate with facts that you contribute more than the others. Keep in mind that merely being there 2 years in and of itself means nothing. I’ve had jobs whe 

Depends on where you are located. As far as I know here in Canada, it’s illegal to arbitrarily lower an employees salary (you signed a contract, after all — and in the case of labourers, the union has final say). You can take a voluntary (and temporary) cut with an hours reduction (like many of us did at the start of the pandemic) but your boss can’t just decide to pay you less than what was agreed upon unless you move into a new position and assume different duties. Like, if you went from VP of sales to receptionist, you wouldn’t be paid the same. If your boss tries to do it, you can contact w 

A lot to consider here: First: why are you being paid more? If it’s just a mistake, and you cannot get the same pay you earn here elsewhere, then you need to eat the indignity until you can do better. Second: Know your unemployment laws in your state. They may be trying to goad you into quitting without getting the benefits you deserve. Third: Ask for something in exchange, if you need to stay. Fourth: Make sure your work and output is in the top 40% or so among people who do the same job. If you were really earning the higher pay rate, this means a reduction in work. But be really honest with you 

Not knowing more details like the state you are in, if any contract is involved (personal or union), if the boss is the owner ect. this question is hard to answer. Here is what I would be thinking about in your shoes: 1) clearly your boss does not value you so in the long term look for another position, this does not present an attractive future for you working for this person 2) deal with the situation in a professional manner, do not complain, consult with other employees at the company, or state that it is unfair without thinking through reasons to support your position 3) decide if you nee 

Show your boss the following parable and tell him to give the others a raise instead. Or, that lowering your salary is not what you agreed on. And so, if God wouldn't do this, neither should he… Matthew 20:1 (NIV 1984) The Parable of the Workers in the Vineyard ​1 “For the kingdom of heaven is like a landowner who went out early in the morning to hire men to work in his vineyard. 2 He agreed to pay them a denarius for the day and sent them into his vineyard. 3 “About the third hour he went out and saw others standing in the marketplace doing nothing. 4 He told them, ‘You also go and work in my v 

I had a related but different experience. I’m a freelancer and a few days before the lockdowns,, my previous client closed shop in our country after being with them for around 7–8 yrs. I was earning more than 70k then. So I was looking for a new client/job, and luckily found one. But he said that what I’m asking (salary-wise) is higher than what he plans to spend for the said position. So I told him I’m willing to do a one-month trial on the rate he’s willing to pay (45k) vs the rate I was asking (60k, which is already a downgrade from my previous salary). After a month, he decided that we’ll hi 

Since the OP doesn't specify which country (because I'm guessing he's american, and america is the default country in quora, because murica), in Portugal is strictly against the law to reduce unilaterally someone's salary. Also, you cannot be fired summarily just because you refused a pay cut. Any firing needs to be for cause, by layoff or collective force reduction, all of which need to be properly substantiated. An “insubordination” is not a cause. In a case of an eventual insubordination, the employee is notified of the disciplinary action, then he has 30 days to appeal. If he finds the wri 

What salary does a person need to make in Canada to have an average life?
I live in Toronto, I’m single and 35, so I’m going to get pretty specific here. Rent - 1 Bedroom in a decent location - $1500 - if you are trying to buy a condo right now, it will cost you way more than this Internet, Home Phone, Laundry, Hydro - $200 minimum Transportation - $145 (ttc) - $400 minimum is you’re driving a car you already own, $800 minimum if you’re leasing or financing currently So you’re already encumbered with fixed costs of at least $1850 and you haven’t fed or clothed yourself, haven’t built in entertainment or vacations. What many people from outside the major cities may not kn 

Well, I can tell you what my husband and I make in a year in our little town in BC, but the numbers will vary widely across provinces and even from region to region (such as the prices of food being atrociously high in the northern territories or remote communities). We make $60,000 together and we get by. We are able to pay our bills and put food on the table. I own our mobile home and my husband was able to get a brand new truck in 2012 so bills include a mortgage, pad rent and truck payments every 2 weeks (I should also add in car insurance here. Between truck payments, insurance and gas for 

Well, that really depends. First, what would you consider an “average” life? Are you considering owning a house, a car, and maybe a cottage, with savings for vacation and retirement? Or, are you looking at renting a place, utilizing public transit, not vacationing much and not having much savings? The reason I am asking is both scenarios are very common, and, in my opinion, can be quite comfortable either way. I live in Toronto, I have the same living arrangement now earning $60K as I was a couple of years ago earning $40K (pre-tax for both), and I would like to say that if you spend around $150 

It depends what you mean by average. A single person would need about $60,000 in the big city, but could manage nicely on $30,000 in more rural areas. Rural people are very resourceful in Canada. As mentioned before, Canada is huge so there are regional differences. An average family in Canada would own at least one vehicle, and depending on their age, working towards being mortgage-free in a modest 3 or 4 bedroom home as well as saving for retirement, sending children to school (even if our birth rate is low, we are still having babies). Don’t forget saving for college and university. But hopef 

This is one of those. ‘How long is a piece of string’ types of questions. Cost of living has risen and continues to rise, especially with real estate. Outside of Vancouver and Toronto, one can have a reasonably decent life on an average wage (around 50 k for an individual and 75 k for a working family). i live in Vancouver but was fortunate to buy into the market decades ago. My salary is ample (170 k ish) and provides an excellent standard of living. However, had I have not a bought a home when I did, I’d struggle, somewhat. And that’s no smart planning on my part, it was purely luck and good  

I live in Toronto, me and my girlfriend have a before tax income of around $90,000 a year living in Mississauga in a house. Our rent alone is $2100 a month, but we were in a condo before in Etobicoke and that was $2000 a month. I can tell you we manage to save $1000 a month depending on the month and what happens, we vacation at least twice a year. We live a cheap lifestyle and we are very frugal so we can afford luxuries like vacations (yes that's a luxury here) We own one of our cars the other has low car payments. So I would say to have just an average life if your single you need $80,000 o 

Canada is a massive country and the answer will be vastly different depending on which part of the country you're referring to. The median income in the Toronto area is about $60k but we're at a point now where even two people earning this figure cannot afford a house in the city. If they buy one anyways, they will be constantly broke as their mortgage will eat up far too much of their income. Two people earning $60k would be pretty comfortable living an hour or two outside Toronto, at the edges of the Greater Toronto Area (Halton Hills or Milton on the west side, form example) and yet both of  

Tough question, I was 26 just finished my military commitment a year earlier in the U.S. and decided to check out the west coast. Canada accepted me as a new Canadian, but I didn’t accept Canada yet. There was no work in the Portland or Seattle area for a VW Mechanic, but had a couple jobs lined up in Alaska. Well British Columbia had more work than they could get people for. The pay was as good as Alaska and the rent was a lot cheaper than Jersey in the burbs of the big apple and the beer was good and about the same as in the U.S. So figured I would try the Vancouver area. Well things worked  

The country has a very wide range of ‘cost of living’. In the three biggest cities are the highest of course ( Montreal, Tpronto &amp; Vancouver). Once you get more than 60 to 100 kms outside of these cities, for the most part it becomes more reasonable. There are several 2nd tier cities (regarding ‘cost of living’ only), (Victoria, Calgary, Edmonton, Winnipeg, Hamilton, Mississauga, Ottawa, Quebec City and Halifax). Every city in Canada has it good neighbourhoods and bad neighbourhoods, very expensive areas to live and relatively less expensive areas to live. How well you will do in any given city 

Go to Alberta, work in the oil and gas industry and as entry level with no previous experience make 80k-90k. Live in Grande Prairie and you’ll be able to own a really nice house and good car and have still lots of money for vacation and miscelaneous. But you need to be physically and mentally fit, to do the job. Whiners and desk worms will never make it there. Look guys, I’m a stayhome mom and my husband works in the oil patch, on his first year in an entry level, no previous experience job he made 135k+, so its up to you to decide if you follow the money for a while until you can make the mone 

I was offered a new job from a company, they're willing to pay me twice my salary but with a low-level position. Is it worth it?
I did exactly that a few years ago. I was recently promoted to a Senior Executive position in my old company but with little to no pay raise. Had a big debate with my head of department and they were reluctant to pursue the matter. Meanwhile I was head hunted for an Executive position (back to square one) however it comes with a 50% increase in salary on top of better benefits and ease of travel.My priority back then was to save up as much as possible to plan for my up-coming wedding, so when my HoD refused to match the salary from the head hunter, I gave my notice immediately. Now looking back, 

A french colleague of mine once described it best in my opinion and it holds true imho for all similar job related questions. He called it the “Rule of the 3 P’s” Bare with me as the P’s are french. He stated that to decide if you should change jobs or not you have to look at the 3 P’s. Pognon, i.e. money. This one is self evident. More is better.Profil, i.e. profile. Does the new job improve your resume or profile going forward. This is slightly more complex as improvements could include gaining new skills, or gaining more responsibilities.Plaisir, i.e. pleasure or job satisfaction. Simply put,

This is a pretty open-ended question. So this answer will have some assumptions as well. I think it is worth it. The reason I believe is that in any sector a company pays a higher salary for the low-level position for very few reasons. First, which is not related to you, that they are new to the industry and/or geography and they want to amass the desired talent swiftly. Second, and which is more important to you is that they have seen potential in you Both reasons work in your favour, if they are new and you start at one lower level- there is a greater upward potential for growth. Since you alread 

I was offered a new job from a company, they're willing to pay me twice my salary but with a low-level position. Is it worth it? The answer lies in your priorities—both your immediate and long-term priorities. If you want/need money, then this sounds like a great possibility. If you don’t want to work your way up through the entire organization by starting at the bottom again, then maybe not…. Remember—everything has a cost. A double-salary will probably require something extraordinary from you in return. Managers might be terrible the project or company may be very unstable, the stresses might  

Think of the reverse situation. Do you want to be promoted without any salary hike or minuscule hike? Cognizant has a good feature regarding the variable component. It does not depend on the salary but is fixed based on the position. For Senior Associate it was Rs 70000. When someone gets promoted to the role of Manager which has a variable component of Rs 150000. Now consider this, If an SA is at 10LPA with 70K variable, gets promoted to M. He can expect a hike of 15% which means the new CTC is 11.5 LPA. But out of this increase, there is also an increase in the variable component which eats into th 

My experience is definitely not. Never take for granted a high level position thinking you can probably get back to the same level again. There is a lot of luck in getting promoted. I was a director of engineering at a defense company and wanted to switch to consumer stuff so I took a positional drop to get into automotive. What a mistake. I never got past first level manager again which meant I was always the flea on the tail of the dog rather than a key player. Finally left the industry to enter academia since I always wanted to teach and got tired of all the layoffs that always led to us re 

Weigh the options. I’ve been in a similar position more than once. First, look at the offer as a whole. Does it require relocation and, if so, what will your cost of living be compared to where you are now? I was offered a job in San Jose, California years ago that was almost twice what I was making in Texas. Twice the money wouldn’t have given me the same quality of life that I had with a shorter commute (time, not distance), being able to actually afford a house, etc. Is there a chance at growth with the new position? Maybe twice the pay is just a start. I took one step down when moving to a di 

4 years ago I was a middle-level job with my own team in a big company. My salary was ok but in 4 years I had just one payment raise and it was less than 10% despite being promoted, also the working environment was really toxic. I ended up quitting. Fast forward six months, I’m in an interview where they are very interrsted in me but the salary is even less than my last position, also was an entry level. I hesitated but I needed the job so I took it. It may sound like I made the wrong decision but it turned out to be one of the best ones I took. The company is great, they really care about emp 

Maybe. YES, if there is a lot of room for career growth at the new company, and you would be on a track to achieve that, and that would be good for you. Maybe. NO, if you would not achieve career growth there or do not want to. Taking a step down looks bad on a resume, so if you will be job hunting again in a few years, don't do it. Me? I took a major step down in title from a "professional" "exempt from overtime" Senior Engineer position to a non-exempt System Engineer "trainee" position with a 1% increase in salary. Why? The career growth opportunities, long term employment, and low risk of lay 

More often than not, the reason a company pays you more than your current is because you’re underpaid. So, except on rare occasions, it makes sense to swicth. Finance: Forget the pay - count your savings. If savings increase, then it makes sense. If not there’s no point in moving to a job that is located in a place where your expenses will grow faster than your income. Position: If the “low-level” is a significant number of levels below, then think why they are offering you as much. Checkout Glassdoor or some other pay related sites and see if you’re really underpaid or maybe the new company is  

As a software engineer, is it normal that my immediate boss's monthly pay is almost twice my yearly pay?
Should I lie about my salary in an interview in order to get a higher offer?
One of the most critical rules of interviewing is, “You cannot lie about or even exaggerate easily verifiable facts.” As an interviewee you’ll be expected to put a positive spin on things that it would normally be unfair to expect you to speak positively about (your current employer for instance), but don’t try to put your spin on factual information. Not only is it likely to be discovered and thus end your chances of getting the job, it’s unlikely to actually make a meaningful difference in your outcomes, even if you don’t get caught. When it comes to knowing what a company is likely to pay so 

An interesting thing about being a teacher is that EVERYONE knows what you make. They ask how many years you have, and what your education is and poof, your salary is available. Honestly, that is how it should be. Everyone’s salary should be public knowledge. Now, on with my story. In the late 1990’s During the early stages of the Internet boom, I was teaching Computer Skills in South Central Los Angeles. I had a stint as Technology Consultant for a team of 17 school and had instituted a group technology plan, helped each school develop its own technology plan, and put in place and started a pl 

I suspect that this question refers to the US. I have lived and worked in the UK, Greece and Luxembourg. Below, I am referring mostly to the first two, but I am guessing some of it works similarly in the US and other EU countries. Also, it seems that in the US employers negotiate on the salary after the interview. In Europe, very often a candidate applies through an external recruiter, and they negotiate the salary with them before they have an interview with the employer. They can also apply directly to the employer, have an interview, and negotiate the salary at the interview. Below I have an 

Lie your ass off (*in a particular way) Providing your current salary if less than market rate: Enables you to negotiate lessViewed as lacking confidence to previously ask for what you’re worth (1)Many of the current opinions point to either A) honesty or B) getting caught as the reason not to lie. How I would think about those issues: A) This is a negotiation. It’s highly unlikely the hiring company is making their best offer. There is certainly a range, and there’s usually flexibility, they’re not giving you the highest possible amount from the get-go. They’re also unlikely, for example, to div 

Absolutely not, you should be 100% honest. You SHOULD however, be cultivating multiple offers so that you can negotiate a higher salary. You should absolutely avoid naming a salary at all, in fact. Let them name the numbers. You should dodge that question like Neo until you’re ready to accept a negotiated offer. If you aren’t trying to get multiple offers, you’re leaving potentially 5 digits worth of salary difference on the table. When you are getting multiple offers that’s a big signal that you are a commodity that’s worth having. Not to mention, it gives you more options, career-wise. By the 

Absolutely not. You can take two approaches, depending upon how difficult the hiring company is and how much you want the job. You can just refuse to tell them. There is no reason why they require it, and you don’t have to give it to them. They will not be happy about it, and you’ll get different levels of argumentativeness, and honestly? It may cost you the job (even though it shouldn’t). Everybody is just going to say that you don’t need to tell them and should refuse, and in a perfect world that is the case. But in reality, you need to make compromises.The alternative is to be truthful, but 

In my opinion, there is no need to lie. To be honest, I have been interviewed several times in my life and I was probably asked that question only once or twice. Majority of the time, I am asked about my salary expectation. At that time, instead of telling them my expectations, I say that let me tell you what I currently make. I know that may sound stupid to some, but it works in my advantage. First thing is that when I tell them my salary, they already know that I am not going to join the company for anything less than that (though honestly they try – oh these conniving HR folks). I also make 

What you are currently being paid should not be relevant to a prospective employer. There are all sorts of factors which go into determining the salary a person is paid in a particular company in a certain industry in a specific location. It’s almost impossible to compare apples with apples. You also need to factor in differences between ‘at risk’ and base salary policies. Some companies pay low base salaries but larger performance based bonuses or incentives. Some pay higher base salaries, but no or smaller bonuses, depending on their philosophy or culture. Some candidates prefer a ‘bird in th 

NEVER disclose your current salary to a potential new employer. If the employer wants to know what is the market value for that role, there are plenty of resources to find out. ALWAYS try to make the employer give you a number. If it’s higher than what you expect, well that’s good for you (even then, you probably have room to squeeze a bit more in the negotiation process. Or some vacation days. Or other perks.). If it’s lower than what you expect, try to negotiate (if they have no room to negotiate, then don’t waste your time with them). Your current salary is not the new employer’s business. You 

My thoughts If you tell your company that you are currently being paid less than the industry average, then they will certainly see this as an opportunity to pay you less. You have 2 main choices when negotiating: 1. Don’t tell them what salary you are on. 2. Lie about your salary. Some people here just saying ‘don't tell them your salary.’ Sound advice, but if they ask directly what your current salary is, and you side-step the answer, then they may well assume you are on a low salary, and therefore just offer you the industry average. If you exaggerate your salary, there is very low chance they w 

What jobs pay half a million a year?
I have a friend who always thinks that grass is greener on other people’s pastures. He tells me vehemently that all his friends are doing great. He boasts about this one friend who works at Netflix making $400,000 a year living in the Bay area. He talks about his sister and her husband who together make $250,000 a year living in NYC. He talks about some of his other friends who make well over $100,000 a year in salary. This, according to him, is way better than his $25,000 a year that he makes back in India. He fails to take into account the enormous taxation on a $400k or a $250k salary. He fails t 

Managing Director, Investment Banking Achieving the title of Managing Director has always meant that you’d finally break seven figures a year, at least when I worked in the industry between 1999 – 2012. The typical MD base is between $450,000 – $500,000. At year-end, these Managing Directors would often earn a bonus of $500,000 or more. But the bonus is often paid in deferred stock and cash. For example, out of the $700,000 bonus, only $200,000 might be paid in upfront cash. The remaining $500,000 is deferred over four years. If you quit before the four years is up, you lose your deferred compens 

There are several jobs you can do to get payed a half a million a year. BloggingMake a blog by using 50+ articles. You can create a blog for health, e money, sports, Exercises or any other field. Not only that, you can combine two or more categories and make a blog. (You can visit my site if you want to get an idea. tutoplanet) You have to make a lot of traffic and within 3 to 6 months depending on your quality work, you will be able to get 1000+ visitors for your blog. Then by using Adsence, you can earn money. There are bloggers who earn nearly 1 million per year. Affiliate MarkettingYou can us 

Lots of misleading upvoted answers here. Starting salaries for consultants at Big Four Consulting firms with MBAs is $150K, and $180K at places like Parthenon, that’s before annual bonuses. By the time you’re a Principal at these firms, you’re making upwards of $500k. Corporate lawyers also make significant amounts of money. Associates—-right out of law school—at the big M&amp;A firms (like Wachtell Lipton) make $200k base. That’s before bonuses, which usually bring them to $300k. Partners at these firms make $4M+. Banking associates, on the investment side, of the Big Four banks in the US make about 

The biggest one is specialty physicians. There are several paths to half a million a year but no path is as reliable and low-risk as specialty medicine. The problem with many of the paths that others have mentioned like investment banking and management consulting is that you have to prove yourself in the workplace to be promoted up. There’s an “up or out” system that eliminates people who don’t perform at a high enough level in these careers. And because everyone else is really talented and hard-working, it’s easy to end up below average in these careers relative to your peers even if you’ve  

Not to be avoidant of the question here, but in a general sense, no job necessarily pays that much. Sure many CEOs make way more than that, but many CEOs also work for small companies that as a whole don’t make that much revenue in a given fiscal year. Sure many actors and professional sports players make millions per year, but far more actors and sports players make far less than a half a million a year. Most lawyers make less than $70,000 per year; most veterinarians make less than $40,000 per year, and even most doctors make less than $200,000 per year and they work for themselves, so they’ 

No job in isolation will make you a millionaire. But more on that below. Before speaking about that, let’s mention about the jobs that pay $500,000 or more: 1 Some executive level positions including being a CEO, CFO and partners in law and financial firms. Not all firms but the bigger ones and some others. Also vice chancellors of universities 2. Some people with a clear specialisation like a corporate lawyer who specialises in x and y field or a great surgeon that has a very rare specialist. 3. A certain percentage of sports and entertainment stars Also, even though it isn’t “a job” in the tradit 

There are many jobs that pay more than half a million a year. And even more when you consider the ‘total compensation’ package (Salary, stock and bonus). But… these are not common jobs. Jobs with high salaries are usually for positions that are the top in their field. The 1% or so… Considering where the job is located and what the cost of living is, also affects how much you are really making. For example, our house in California is about $2.5M, but the same house in another state might only be $500K. So a higher portion of my salary was going to mortgage payments. Making less, but living in a mo 

I was making more than $500k/year working as a network engineer, but I’ll be the first to admit I was *very* much an outlier. I’m pretty sure most of my value came not from my skills as a network engineer, but as a supernode in the informal connectivity matrix of a Fortune 100 company. I listened to everyone who had concerns about the company, who was struggling with projects that should have been succeeding, but weren’t, or teams that weren’t working together as well as they needed to in order for the effort to succeed. I would link people together, when a resource was needed, but they didn’t  

Doctor/SurgeonLawyerJudgeEntrepreneur/CEOFinancial Analyst/BankerHigh End Sex WorkerCommission salesThese are not all half a million average, but can pay up to half a million or more, especially in places like America where there is no cap on the salary of doctors like there is in Canada and no cap for public sector workers like judges, or where they are legal, like the high end sex workers (or elite whores, as some would call them). With commission sales, the average salary is less than the others but the potential is unlimited. With some industries the commission could be higher, but the pri 

I asked my boss for a raise but he said I didn't deserve it, so I sent him my resignation letter. Now he is asking me to stay with a higher salary. Should I accept his offer?
No matter what, you can only do this once. And, you don’t get what you deserve, you get what you negotiate. I am a manager at a mid-sized company and deal with this situation everyday. Here is my approach. When an employee is asking for a raise, there is an implied threat that everyone understands. The employee clearly thinks their market value is higher than the company is offering. I understand that. I might feel the same way about my own situation. Still, I have a specific job to do and that means maximizing the value to the stakeholders of the company. I also have HR looking at everything an 

The experts will tell you - never - never - EVER accept a counter-offer. Your resignation has already placed you in the outer circle and you will remain there forever. Just leave. A resignation cannot raise your value to the company - he is lying to you. Anecdote: One of our team members - a critical player - wanted a raise and the project boss said no - flat no. So he resigned. Next our project boss took all us leaders into a room to discuss options. He said the project budget had an additional $5000 due to the resignation of another, lower-level resource. Everyone scratched their head. “He’s  

First let me say that in your case I think I agree that you should not accept his offer. But I don’t think that is because you should never accept a counter offer. So first, why you maybe shouldn’t stay. You made the right move by asking for a raise first. I don’t know how you asked. There may be room for improvement there, generally you need some kind of leverage or logic to request a raise. Maybe you asked perfectly. The important thing is it gave you a chance to evaluate what your employer thought of you, or at least the manager. If he unequivocally said you didn’t deserve a raise as your qu 

I have managed teams of people and had people under me do the same thing and then the management above me suddenly was supportive of a raise (which they rejected when I first made a case for it). I am not someone to beat around the bush and I would not try to get someone a raise who had not earned it. If they asked I would explain that they were not in a position to get one and provide them feedback on things they could do to improve and earn that raise. I did one time have an employee do this and when I had a meeting in the office with them about the pay raise, they bluntly asked me if they sh 

I’ve been in this situation before with a Company I worked for, been with them for 4 years and at the same salary and have seen others get raises. This was a restaurant and that company did very well financially as they owed 16 of them, the problem was not they could not afford raises it was the owner himself who was very very cheap to the point when things in the kitchen broke and needed to either be fixed or replaced it would take over 6 months because the owner was just to cheap. Only a small few people ever got a raise and it was very little, the owner always had an excuse for everything.  

If I were you, I would not accept counter offer instead take the new one or would scout for another one. An organization who can't recognize the right talent and cant retain them can't sustain in long term. In fact companies are made of people and values. Once this is lost, there is not point to continue even if it's a lucrative counter offer. You would get into the same situation next time again. Let me tell you a story. There was a kid in a village who was really smart in all that he does. He was first in class, first in sports, social work etc. All villagers liked the kid since he was kind of 

Yes, you likely should remain with your present employer at the higher salary. Salaries and wages usually are and should be “business verses personality”. It is not a matter of deserving, it is a simple mater of simple economics. In illustrative numbers, if the average economic pay for your type services is 1000 units per period and you are doing a good job for 750 units; then your employer is getting the work done for well below average economic cost. If you quit and leave, your employer is likely going to have to pay the replacement that it hires 1000 units per period or more. The replacement’s 

There are two almost contradictory thought processes that I bounce back and forth between. Thought process #1: The cynic Corporate America is a giant system designed to get you, the employee, to work more for less money. Anything they can do or say to get you to keep doing crappy work so they don’t have to, they will. You are a cog in the machine. Your feelings, personality, and uniqueness only matter as much as you continue to show up on time and perform the responsibilities you have been assigned. Your relationship only exists because you want money, and the company has a task they are willing 

Many years ago there was a saying that was very popular. You never miss the water till the well runs dry. It has been my experience that big firms. companies have a set way of doing things. I worked for a computer company, many year ago. I commuted 66 miles each way each day, from New Hampshire to Massachusetts. The company was building a plant in New Hampshire which would have cut my commute to just 33 miles each way. I asked to be transferred to the new facility which opened in September that year. My manager said you will be one of the first to set up in the new plant. Then he sent 3 other people 

It was my first job as a programmer. I was desperate for a job and just out of college. I couldn’t get a job in what I studied, but utilized a skill that I taught myself when I was younger: programming. However, I had no real world experience and had only been doing it for about 5 years as a hobby. I was grateful for the job and even got a raise from $10 to $12 after 6 months fixing bugs and adding new features to the software. Things were going great, but I started to notice something: I was getting better at what I did. I was being asked to do more. And I was also being micromanged to hell —  

How can I find out who's stealing my lunch from the office fridge?
Going anon because certain people know who I am IRL and I don’t want them knowing my prank ideas. Not really an office one but when I was in university there was a girl called Gemma* in our flat who would use our food, drink, cooking utensils and cleaning products without telling us or replacing them. I was ok with this as Gemma usually did all the washing up for our flat so I thought ‘fair enough, she can use my crap’. I was the only guy in the flat however and the two other girls I lived with took exception to Gemma using their stuff. Gemma was Chinese so they put signs on all our cupboards  

Long time ago, in a city not far from here, I worked at a company that had a very good sneak thief. Lunches were only part of his repertoire. I'll get back to the food soon. His prowess was legendary and to catch him you had to think like him without being him. Difficult to say the least (to think like a thief but not be one).In his bag of tricks, he had a penchant for toilet paper! Yes, he just couldn't resist stealing toilet paper. First they would disappear from the rest rooms. When the owner caught on, there was only one roll IN said restroom but plenty more available. When he figured tha 

In the Australian mining industry we generally get our lunch meals supplied but have to assemble them ourselves due to the remote nature of the work (a casual 1500kms from home) so when someone with questionable morals is stealing your lunch it is that bit more ludicrous and amount more to “crimes of opportunity”. You also may be aware that all Australians are born holding a meat pie and it is an alternative currency “down under”  These are supplied in the mining mess hall to take for lunch albeit frozen. Upon arrival to work it is standard practice to put your pie in the “pie warmer” with your na 

Instead of asking “how can I find out who is stealing my lunch from the office fridge,” look at your situation from a different angle. I had this problem once NOT with someone stealing my lunch, but stealing my money to go buy a drink from the vending machine and I had to do without all day and I remembered that incident. I actually REPORTED the thief to the management and they KNEW who the culprit was, they even told me who it was, it was someone who was working inside the printing room and NOTHING was done about it. I tell you what, it NEVER happened again, I kept my money with me AT ALL TIM 

People here have suggested a secret additive such as hot pepper, spray paint, food dye, laxative, all not very food-like — possibly getting you in trouble with management or law. I have another one. Spilanthes. It’s more of a legitimate food. Go to a seed catalogue or ebay and order some seeds, grow the plant- it’s an easy one to grow, wait for the flowers- they're funny, pretty looking things- take a couple and crumble them up in your lunch. Not much flavor, and completely harmless- actually supposedly medicinal like a kidney cleanser or something- but they confer a disconcerting sensation of v 

This is my mother’s story (and she wants me to be anonymous in case of any potential issues) In a small doctor clinic, there was a food thief. Bits and pieces of lunches would be stolen from. Maybe a brownie, maybe a sandwich, maybe a snack, it was hard to predict what would be stolen from whose lunch. Over time, more and more would be taken. And the staff had been well-established for awhile with no new hires, making it hard to track down who was the thief. My mom and a few co-workers had enough of it. They decided to spice up their food. Nothing lethal like some other answers. Just sandwiches  

This is a spin-off to Keith Albert's (epic) answer to How can I find out who's stealing my lunch from the office fridge? In which Keith puts Carolina Reaper, the base for military-grade pepper spray, in an office sandwich destined for a five-finger discount. Years ago, I had a roommate who thought I was stealing his food. True confession: I did take an egg of his once. One egg. But I would have bought him two dozen in penance to avoid what happened next. He was pretty off his rocker in general and I was actually starting to wonder if he didn't have deeper mental issues. One day, I saw him baking 

Going Anonymous here half out shame for what I did and half out of concern that if he were too find out who did it to him he would hunt me down and kill me for sure. Don’t ever try this as it can go wrong oh so very wrong. My boss at the time was and probably still is a Grade a asshole who would steal anything and everything that wasn’t nailed down. Come to think about it, he would steal it even if it was nailed down, it would just take him a little longer. Now my coworkers and I where all starting to find parts of are lunch missing, sometime all of it. Come to find out it’s the office manager.  

I had this same problem. I am a nurse in an Emergency Room. My lunch was getting stolen on the regular. I wrote a note and placed it in my bag. “Whoever is stealing my lunch, please stop. I will catch you. This is a warning.” The culprit continued. It wasn’t every day. I noticed a pattern, if I brought PBJ sandwich, nothing happened. If I brought ham and cheese, it was definitely getting eaten. I tried making two, hoping to sacrifice one as an offering with a note, “I made one for you and one for me. Please leave me one.” The thief ate both and put the note in the sandwich bag. I was furious. Swo 

I just had to share this one. I didn’t get to see the shenanigans but I was told by a supervisor that watched the entire thing happen. There was a guy in our building that was a notorious food thief. We will call him “Jim” for simplicity sake. Jim did not care. He would eat any food that was in the fridge regardless of name, comment, or warning that was on the food. It was bad. It happened for a couple years with Jim and despite warnings and letters in his file he would not stop. (We work somewhere hard to get fired from unless you break the law most of the time) One day a co-worker of his snapp 

What are some things truck drivers know that others do not?
From someone who has a TON of friends that drive semis, and personally hauls about 50′ of pickup + trailer on a regular basis.1) 99% of semi drivers are BETTER DRIVERS THAN YOU. They drive millions of miles in their lifetime. Practice may not always make perfect, but it makes a for a hell of a lot more experience and ability to handle hairy situations than you will get running your grocery getter a few miles to work everyday. Driving like a semi is generally the safest thing you can do, especially if YOU are hauling a trailer and are new at it.2) Before you get pissed at them for slowing dow 

Please don’t cut me off. My engine alone weighs as much as your entire car, and it can take me a looong time to come to a stop. You could very easily wind up like this guy, in what used to be a Corvette: You guys who are deathly afraid to pass trucks? Think about this: semis pass each other all the time, but when’s the last time you ever hear of two semis colliding with each other while overtaking? If those two big assed vehicles can pass one another without sideswiping each other then what’s your issue? Most of these trucks are actually driving straighter than you are; what you’re seeing is an

Truck drivers know they built these roads for commerce, not so you could visit Grandma! I like driving trucks and I may again, though I don't now. It's a hard life. I'd have bad dreams about blowing out my left steer tire. Truck drivers have seen inside those weigh stations with the highway patrol!  Truck drivers know the extreme versions of some things: like chaining your tires in snow to Colorado regulation on a dual-drive tractor plus trailer, full of beer (36k kg / 80k lbs ttl wt) in heavy drift, heavy fall and wind, at 9300ft / 2300m above sea level, in order to climb over mountains down int 

My truck has 7 mirrors (large plane view and smaller convex on each side, a convex fender mirror on each side and one on the passenger side pointing directly below the door) I cannot be looking at each mirror, the road ahead of me, and my dash gauges at the same time. I NEED TIME TO OBSERVE MY SURROUNDINGS. Don’t try to pistol-whip your way around me. I swear I’ve lost count how often I’ll go to change lanes, usually after passing another vehicle in the right lane, and some idiot uses the space I need to merge safely to pass me; by the time I look to my right, notice I’m all clear, look back a 

That you can kill another human being and blame it on your damn truck. See the attached video: there are many cases of criminal behavior from the truckers, but the first is the most incredible. The car (actually two) cut him off. The trucker not only does not brake, but accelerates to smash the VW between him and the other truck. If that’s not attempted murder, I don’t know what is. https:// YouTube / watch?v = 8Oa2yt3 _ bD0 (for some reason, a copy &amp; paste YouTube link would not work, so I had to add a number of spaces. If you go in YouTube and type the full address without spaces, it will work) 

Well there's a lot we know that the general public doesn't but I'll spare you from the usual “drive safe around us” bit that almost everyone else will answer with and tell you something interesting. The stuff you buy in stores, especially grocery stores and even more so non perishable, is not as fresh as you probably think it is. For example, candy, more specifically holiday themed candy. It's made long before the holiday, shipped from the factory to a distribution center (warehouse) shortly after and then sits in the warehouse (s) (yes sometimes it may be moved more than once) for months. I kn 

we know just how much weight 80,000 pounds really is. we know how much it bogs down our diesel engines, and how much longer it takes to get up to the speed of other traffic (as opposed to hauling an empty trailer.) most importantly, we know the damage our 80,000 pound vehicle can do to a 2,000 pound automobile. if you are driving anywhere in our vicinity, we know your next move....we have been anticipating it for the last 10 miles, along with the car to your right and left, and the motorcycle in your blindspot....you didn't see him and we took notice, and we adjusted our speed and following dis 

Drivers who have been doing the job see the spectrum of driving styles ranging from dangerously passive (drivers stopping on the on-ramp) to dangerously aggressive (barreling into traffic with reckless disregard for other cars), and everything in-between. When I was 5 years old (many moons ago), on a rainy expressway, a car passed the truck I was in (in the passenger seat) and flew past, continued off the road, spun around and around, sending up huge rooster tails of mud, corrected its path and returned on the expressway. That was so cool. On another day, a Caddy passed us, again on the expressw 

Blind spots, blind spots, blind spots. More than once I've had someone decide they want to be in my lane at a light. They notice the car lengthish room between me and the car in front of me so they squeeze their way in. “Ha! Look at all that room!” You think. Think of the time I saved not having to take the next exit and turn around because I realized too late I'm in the wrong lane! Except I left that space to begin with because that's the amount of space I need to still fully see the car ahead of me. Any closer also risks me rear-ending them if I popped the clutch. I'm a professional, but I'm  

There are numerous things most people do not know when it comes to driving, especially in heavy traffic TL;DR I am not driving with my left signal on because I want to delay your travels by 10 Seconds…. It's BECAUSE I NEED TO GET TO THE =U€{|✓G LEFT LANE. SPEED UP, SLOW DOWN, DRIVE OFF THE ROAD…JUST LET ME OVER. Lane closure in construction … merge early. 1/2 mile RIGHT LANE CLOSED you should already be over to the left. The idiots who wait until the lane is gone is why there is a huge back up!!!! If all the big trucks are going to another lane: There is a reason. Lane closed, police with a custo 

“Boss, I can’t come to work today because…” What’s the best excuse you’ve given to get out of work?
“My mum took my passport” I was on tour with a husband and wife act a couple of years ago and there was a ten day break planned to coincide with ‘her’ birthday. The crew were given the option to stay in the hotel we’d had for the last show and spend the break there at the beach, or take a buy-out (cash equivalent of the hotel cost and price of travel to the next city) and do their own thing. A colleague of mine said he was going to fly somewhere in the Caribbean and spend time with his mum, who was senior aircrew for a large British airline and had arranged her rota to allow for a break in the su 

“Boss, I can’t come to work today because the damn fish wouldn’t die!” It was about 2pm when I realized I didn’t have any meat for dinner. I’d recently learned that I loved fishing - and was good at it - so I thought I’d pop by the neighborhood lake and catch a meal. There was still a few hours before I had to leave for work - I worked the evening shift as a waitress at the time. It was a great fishing day. A storm was coming in and I started casting right as a light drizzle came over the lake. I caught 4 fish in about 20 minutes! I kept the biggest - a 16” bass - and threw the rest back in. The l 

My husband’s boss told him that he set a new standard with a reason why you won’t be at work. “I can’t come in to work tomorrow, and I don’t know exactly when I will be able to, because a volcano erupted and closed the airport. We are stuck in South America trying to figure out how and when we will get home.” My husband and I went on a trip to Ecuador for a week on a working ranch in the Andes Mts for their annual round up. (Not a trip we probably would have gone on had I not won it.) We were 3 hours “by 4-wheel drive vehicle” - they were not exaggerating that part - outside of Quito. We didn’t 

My answer isn't as nice as the others honestly. Let's just say my social anxiety was reaching a very high point and I blacked out that day because of my mother. In high stress situations where I'm getting yelled at, I've fainted twice. The first I almost fell into my parents and would have slammed my head against a cabinet had my father not caught me in time. Anyways, I was having a very awful anxiety attack and just never wanted to go to school. My mom told me if I didn't go to school, I didn't go to work. However, I work for a very small business and had called out prior. There are very limit 

“I’m stranded at the front of my parking lot.” Many years ago I lived in south Austin, TX. When I moved into my apartment, there was a bridge that went across I-35 just south of Slaughter Lane. The frontage road that connected my apartment complex to each of those two crossovers was a single lane and had no other connections until Slaughter Lane. Well, the city knocked the bridge down. They were going to replace it. So that meant I had to go to Slaughter Lane. It was the only other choice. There were no roads sneaking out the back of the property to let me go south along the highway to join it e 

Every time I called out of work, whether for part of the day or the whole thing, if I gave an excuse at all it was the truth. A few years ago I called out because my dear cat was injured and needed to be taken to the vet. She was cut through to muscle 180º around just behind the shoulders plus a branch about 1/3 as long. I still don’t know how it happened, but they sewed her up, then later had to cut out a chunk and let it grow together on its own because of lack of blood supply. She’s been fine ever since; there’s just one spot less on her calico coat, and the fur in that area is thinner than  

This Monday (March 9) was my birthday. (FWIW, so far, 34 just feels like 33 with a receding hairline.) Of course, we “sprung forward” (lost an hour overnight due to Daylight Saving Time) Sunday morning. I also had a cold this weekend… not, like, a bad one, just one that was kind of annoying and had me a bit stuffed up with a slightly sore throat. Coronavirus, it was not. I think. I don't know whether it was the cold waking me up Sunday night, or a sleep deficit due to the lost hour (studies show that crashes the week after the “spring forward” go up due to fatigue), but I was really dragging Mon 

Well, these were genuine reasons, not excuses: I’m going to be late because my Grandad has lost his wooden leg.I lived with my Grandad and he found the prosthetic leg uncomfortable, so usually hobbled around the flat without it on. But he needed it when going out, which he was, and he couldn’t exactly bend down to look for it. He always called it a wooden leg so I got into that habit. I have to leave work because my dog has locked my daughter out of the flat.My dog had jumped up at the door from the inside, and pulled down the handle for the lower lock. My daughter, coming home from school, only 

“Boss, I can’t come to work today because…” What’s the best excuse you’ve given to get out of work? “Hi, Paul? I won’t be in today because somebody shot a cop” That was the two days after the Northridge earthquake. the day after the quake, I had already called an explained that I was taking an extra day because I was worried about aftershocks, and the freeways staying open. I was in Seal Beach and needed to get to San Francisco. For those who are not Californians, that is a long drive. About 7 hours long.  It is important to note here that the major route north-south through the entire state is I-5. 

Well I would not classify this as the best excuse more the most ridiculous excuse. I was working a supervisor for a market research phone bank. It was a 5:00PM- 9:00PM shift. At 5:01 PM I get a call from M (cant remember her name M will do for the story) to inform me she would not becoming in for her shift tonight ( if they know they are not coming in they should notify us along time before their shift starts) Why aren’t you coming in M (I knew M didn’t drive and maybe she tried ever thing up to the last minute getting a ride) Oh no that wasn’t it. She told me it was because of the rain. It wa 

What career path isn't for softies?
Call Center Representative  Look at all those smiles. People working to solve people’s problems, it’s so fulfilling, right? Can’t wait to dive back onto the floor to help someone with their problems! Sounds awesome at first, but that’s just the marketing hoopla they feed you to hook you in to the world of HELL. Here’s the truth about working as a call center agent in customer service. You work 9 hour shifts with breaks like everyone else. Unlike other careers where there’s usually some downtime available throughout the shift to take a breather, in call centers you are pretty much working those full

Public School Teaching. While the misperception that it is a cushy job is fairly common, nothing could be further from the truth. Almost every other job with the same educational requirements as teaching pays considerably more.The supposed “summers off” are generally spent putting your house back together as you did not have time to do much to it throughout the school year, working a summer job, and spent on professional development or other training which is required to keep your license and often costs you money.Between staff meetings, special ed meetings, department meetings, meetings with pa

Forensic Scientist/Crime Scene investigator I recall a young girl telling that she wanted to go into forensics, but she also stated that she would faint at the sight of blood, including her own, and wanted to avoid it. Hmm, I said there is absolutely no way you can go into forensics and learn all the tricks of the trade to investigate homicides if you can’t handle the site of your own blood! I said unless you go into a hard science like chemistry or biology, but that’s not what she wanted. I also advised her that she can eventually specialize in something such as ballistics, document examinatio 

Human Resources. I know how most people don’t think of HR as a tough field. And yes, a lot of functions within it aren’t hard on the nerves (perhaps most actually). But some decidedly are. My sister is a senior HR executive with over a decade of experience. There was a point during the financial crisis at the end of the last decade when people were getting fired from the jobs left right and center, that she found it really hard. And I’ll give you a couple of actual cases to show you what I mean. Case A - This middle-aged guy was told that he was being laid off. Now the firm used to have a large com 

Thanks for the A2A, Sean Kernan, although given your stellar answer and your dad’s work, I doubt I can think of anything that’d qualify by your standards. I am, alas, a “softie” at least in the physical sense. Oh, sure, I did my time out in the fields and greenhouses as a teen, but most of my work since then has been a lot harder on my brain than on my body. And even things that are mentally challenging initially become easier once you’ve done them for a while, so I wouldn’t say my current job isn’t for “softies” — though it certainly isn’t for everyone; jobs I’ve done in the past have left me w 

 Tenure track Professor Three to five years of University degreeMaster’s degree of one to two years.PhD of three to seven years.Occasionally, A Post Doctoral study of variable time usually one to three years.Then you land a tenure track Position (Not so easy as it seems these days!)You don’t relax yet! You have a limited time, usually six years, to become tenured. After a certain period, your performance is up for review. You work super hard by doing research coupled with teaching duties. Then you get promoted to an Associate Professor role then after a period, usually four years, you become a ful 

There are a lot of career paths that are not for softies. (Thanks for the A2A Sean Kernan ) Rather than going into the actual jobs let’s focus on the characteristics that make them difficult. You don’t need all of these characteristics but the degree of them matters. And some people are softies in one characteristic and rock hard in another. But first let’s define softie. Just because someone gets sad, or cries doesn’t make them soft. It’s the lack of resilience and not being able to get back into it that makes someone soft. Many jobs can be tailored for someone who is soft. It’s more important  

Every career choice is different, with pros and cons added to it. Three career options call for serious mental strength. Let's take a look here:  Consulting: One of my close friends worked in two leading consulting companies, Deloitte and PwC, and I can honestly claim that the position of consultant, whether a technology consultant or a management consultant, is not straightforward. Why? Why? Since you're still in front of your customer, and any single minute you have to deal with a new technology or business challenge. The worst thing is that when you have to send the customer a demo of the sof

This is a picture of a Facebook moderation center in Berlin.  At the first glimpse, you might think something along the lines of “Oh, it’s just people sitting on a desk working with computers. Boring. Nothing different from my average 9 to 5 workday at my office.” But if you really want to get a small glimpse of what being a Facebook moderator is like, just ask these employees. Trust me, you don’t ever want to be one. That career path is not for softies. It’s where traumatizing material is basically a job. People who work there sit at a computer and view some of the most horrible things online which 

Owning a business.  I don’t care how instagram portrays the lifestyle of entrepreneurship, or how incredible people online make it seem. Owning and operating a real business is one of the most challenging career paths an individual can possibly choose. Whether you provide a service or sell a product, your customers depend on you night and day. If any of your clients encounters an issue, you, the business owner, will be tasked with alleviating whatever problem it is they’ve confronted. It’s 7:30 AM on a Saturday morning, and you’ve had a little too much to drink the night before? Yeah well it’s brig 

What's the most pretentious thing you've ever seen on a résumé?
“You’ve got to be kidding me.” I’m staring at a resume that one of my managers emailed to me with the subject line of “You’ve got to see this.” In the middle of the resume at the very top is a large color picture of a blonde, young lady. There is nothing subtle about this picture. It is prominent and takes up a third of the page. She appears to be attractive and to this point, I had yet to see a picture take up so much space on a resume. Some resumes had come over with a small picture under the signature of a cover page, similar to what a realtor or sales person might do. But a large glamour shot 

In one of my previous jobs as a Senior DevOps Engineer, I was asked to be one of the interviewers for a candidate who was applying for a Network Engineer position. Although I didn’t really consider myself to be qualified to fill such a position, I still knew enough of the basic principles of networking to ask a few questions. The candidate’s resume looked impressive, mentioning three or four networking certifications from trusted authorities including Cisco. The accomplishments mentioned in the resume appeared to be those of a well-seasoned network admin/engineer with 15 to 20 years of experien 

A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away, I was the technical screener for a contract agency that I was working for. I was their Senior Electrical and Software Engineering screener for embedded systems, while I was working as a Senior EE and SE. Our recruiter would show up wherever I was working that month/year, and brief me in on the new recruits (BILLABLE HOURS! YAY!) while I didn’t work on the client company’s problems. You don’t see that today. (This is long, but hopefully entertaining. Bear with me.) In those days, you could be a “professional contractor.” What that meant was that you wer 

I work with Russians and I would say they take the cake in pretentious line items on a resume. The classic weird interpretation (I saw it twice today, even) is that a person will claim to have an education from a prestigious foreign university when, in fact, they have merely been an exchange student or, worse, taken a course or two in Russia from a foreign professor who hails from a foreign university. Typically, if a person has attended a course abroad, they will write out a separate line that makes it look like they have 2 or more higher educations. Russians can be passive-aggressive brand wh 

What's the most pretentious thing you've ever seen on a résumé? Not something I’ve seen on a resume. However, the first time I visited Europe in the mid-1980’s, I was in a small cafe. A large middle-aged American came in and asked if he could sit at my table. He started to make some small talk, and it was refreshing to hear some English. He asked about my trip, and I told him about my brother, Mark, and that I was there to visit him. He had never heard of Mark and was very dismissive. I didn’t expect him to have heard of my brother, who has become better known in opera circles. Then he said, “To 

Uhm, let me see…oh, yes, I have one: It’s what the future Italian prime minister, Giuseppe Conte, has written on some of his résumés. First of all, he talked about “perfectioning courses” at the NY University. However, when the Uni itself was asked to check the information, his name didn’t turn out anywhere: he has just spent some two weeks in summer there, listening to conferences for which the University has no attendance register. Unrecorded is the period he says he has spent doing scientific research at Cambridge, too — he could surely have spent some time there taking part in debates witnes 

A resume is supposed to showcase a candidate's talents and there is a fine line between doing that and sounding pretentious. It's an easy line to cross. But when you ridicule someone who is looking for work, you could be messing with someone who is vulnerable over whom you are in a position of power. They could be unemployed or having a rough time in their current role and dealing with serious stress. You on the other hand are the person with the power to decide if they're hired or not. "Pretentious content" is what you get when a candidate is trying too hard. Trying too hard is a sign of vuln 

The flip side of the ‘go-getter’ / ‘play-to-win’ culture in the American corporate world, is that a lot of job candidates will generously embellish their resumes, to put it mildly. Now there is a proper skill to be had at playing up your accomplishments to the max in an appropriate fashion. But then you have some such individuals who push it to the point where it is practically not merely exaggerating but lying. Such was the case with a candidate I remember interviewing at my former employer in Boston. The young man was clearly bright with top grades from an Ivy League university in New England. H 

In the dot com boom of the mid 90s to the very early 2000s there was a trend to give people whimsical titles. The most dominant title, the clear leader of the pack, was “webmaster” which obviously is a conflation of Dungeon and Dragon’s Dungeon Master role and the new, still owned solely by geeks World Wide Web. For those that don’t know or recall, a webmaster was simply the person who could put together a webpage (design it, code it) and get it to the host along with all the attendant side skills that went along with that circa 1996. As the web matured and more useful tools, languages and fram 

“I look forward to raising the average intelligence of your company.” This was the third sentence in the resume, and this sentence irritated me so much that I had to take a second to process it and examine my motivations. This guy was looking for an entry-level job as a junior software engineer after having just completed a coding bootcamp with no real prior work history. To say that you “look forward to raising the average intelligence” can mean a few things. The simplified version is that he thinks, without having ever met anyone on the team, that he was going to be more intelligent than half  

How can I find out who's stealing my lunch from the office fridge?
Going anon because certain people know who I am IRL and I don’t want them knowing my prank ideas. Not really an office one but when I was in university there was a girl called Gemma* in our flat who would use our food, drink, cooking utensils and cleaning products without telling us or replacing them. I was ok with this as Gemma usually did all the washing up for our flat so I thought ‘fair enough, she can use my crap’. I was the only guy in the flat however and the two other girls I lived with took exception to Gemma using their stuff. Gemma was Chinese so they put signs on all our cupboards  

Long time ago, in a city not far from here, I worked at a company that had a very good sneak thief. Lunches were only part of his repertoire. I'll get back to the food soon. His prowess was legendary and to catch him you had to think like him without being him. Difficult to say the least (to think like a thief but not be one).In his bag of tricks, he had a penchant for toilet paper! Yes, he just couldn't resist stealing toilet paper. First they would disappear from the rest rooms. When the owner caught on, there was only one roll IN said restroom but plenty more available. When he figured tha 

In the Australian mining industry we generally get our lunch meals supplied but have to assemble them ourselves due to the remote nature of the work (a casual 1500kms from home) so when someone with questionable morals is stealing your lunch it is that bit more ludicrous and amount more to “crimes of opportunity”. You also may be aware that all Australians are born holding a meat pie and it is an alternative currency “down under”  These are supplied in the mining mess hall to take for lunch albeit frozen. Upon arrival to work it is standard practice to put your pie in the “pie warmer” with your na 

Instead of asking “how can I find out who is stealing my lunch from the office fridge,” look at your situation from a different angle. I had this problem once NOT with someone stealing my lunch, but stealing my money to go buy a drink from the vending machine and I had to do without all day and I remembered that incident. I actually REPORTED the thief to the management and they KNEW who the culprit was, they even told me who it was, it was someone who was working inside the printing room and NOTHING was done about it. I tell you what, it NEVER happened again, I kept my money with me AT ALL TIM 

People here have suggested a secret additive such as hot pepper, spray paint, food dye, laxative, all not very food-like — possibly getting you in trouble with management or law. I have another one. Spilanthes. It’s more of a legitimate food. Go to a seed catalogue or ebay and order some seeds, grow the plant- it’s an easy one to grow, wait for the flowers- they're funny, pretty looking things- take a couple and crumble them up in your lunch. Not much flavor, and completely harmless- actually supposedly medicinal like a kidney cleanser or something- but they confer a disconcerting sensation of v 

This is my mother’s story (and she wants me to be anonymous in case of any potential issues) In a small doctor clinic, there was a food thief. Bits and pieces of lunches would be stolen from. Maybe a brownie, maybe a sandwich, maybe a snack, it was hard to predict what would be stolen from whose lunch. Over time, more and more would be taken. And the staff had been well-established for awhile with no new hires, making it hard to track down who was the thief. My mom and a few co-workers had enough of it. They decided to spice up their food. Nothing lethal like some other answers. Just sandwiches  

This is a spin-off to Keith Albert's (epic) answer to How can I find out who's stealing my lunch from the office fridge? In which Keith puts Carolina Reaper, the base for military-grade pepper spray, in an office sandwich destined for a five-finger discount. Years ago, I had a roommate who thought I was stealing his food. True confession: I did take an egg of his once. One egg. But I would have bought him two dozen in penance to avoid what happened next. He was pretty off his rocker in general and I was actually starting to wonder if he didn't have deeper mental issues. One day, I saw him baking 

Going Anonymous here half out shame for what I did and half out of concern that if he were too find out who did it to him he would hunt me down and kill me for sure. Don’t ever try this as it can go wrong oh so very wrong. My boss at the time was and probably still is a Grade a asshole who would steal anything and everything that wasn’t nailed down. Come to think about it, he would steal it even if it was nailed down, it would just take him a little longer. Now my coworkers and I where all starting to find parts of are lunch missing, sometime all of it. Come to find out it’s the office manager.  

I had this same problem. I am a nurse in an Emergency Room. My lunch was getting stolen on the regular. I wrote a note and placed it in my bag. “Whoever is stealing my lunch, please stop. I will catch you. This is a warning.” The culprit continued. It wasn’t every day. I noticed a pattern, if I brought PBJ sandwich, nothing happened. If I brought ham and cheese, it was definitely getting eaten. I tried making two, hoping to sacrifice one as an offering with a note, “I made one for you and one for me. Please leave me one.” The thief ate both and put the note in the sandwich bag. I was furious. Swo 

I just had to share this one. I didn’t get to see the shenanigans but I was told by a supervisor that watched the entire thing happen. There was a guy in our building that was a notorious food thief. We will call him “Jim” for simplicity sake. Jim did not care. He would eat any food that was in the fridge regardless of name, comment, or warning that was on the food. It was bad. It happened for a couple years with Jim and despite warnings and letters in his file he would not stop. (We work somewhere hard to get fired from unless you break the law most of the time) One day a co-worker of his snapp 

Did you ever get an order from someone who had absolutely no authority over you? What was it and what did you do?
The only time I can remember this happening to me, the order was not only from somebody outside my chain of command, but also a lower rank and from a different country! During mobilised service on Operation TELIC in the Autumn of 2003, I found myself in a party taking a small convoy of leased white fleet 4x4s back to Kuwait for servicing and we stopped off in the American Camp Doha. Whilst there, I visited the PX and accidentally committed the heinous crime of trying to buy a couple of tshirts with the word ‘ARMY’ printed across the chest. Nowadays, one just goes on Amazon or eBay and buys anyt 

Yes. Well, I mean, obviously, otherwise I likely wouldn’t be answering the question. So, in undergrad I worked in housing and hospitalities at my University. My job was sometimes consistently at one place, but sometimes I’d work different places and different jobs every day, all over the campus. It wasn’t a great job, but they paid extremely well and they were flexible with my school schedule, so it worked for me. One time I was called in to work at a Starbucks on campus as a trainer. I hadn’t worked there in a very long time, but I remembered it well because I actually found it to be a fun plac 

My very first job. I was a dishwasher and busser at a local restaurant, kind of like a small town feel and mentality. When a waitress position opened ALL the other employees tried to get the owner to give me the job but the owner said he couldn't because he had heard how great I was at bussing and felt that the other employees needed me more in the position I was already in. Total bummer and not the last time I would hear that my work ethic would get in the way of advancements and potential work. So he hired this new lady who was, well let's just say a rude b*tch to all other employees except  

My business partner and I got a call to recover a 40 ft cruiser that sunk in shallow water a few years ago. We’ve done recoveries , 12–15 prior. We took our tug, dredge barge and a flat deck barge out to the site with the divers we hired for the job-certified hard hat construction divers (a 3 man crew). When we got to site and spudded down to secure the barge a small fiberglass runabout came out with two men onboard. They came along side us and one of the men jumped onto the barge and started barking orders and saying he wasn’t paying for three divers (which -3 man dive crew for this type of wor 

Ha! I love this story. My dad died when I was about 7ish. I don’t really remember much about him, but I do know the look my mom gets every time she thinks about him. It’s an instant flash of happiness, Nostalgia, and Tranquility. Not the usual look of, stress, or worry, or unease I’m used to seeing on her face most days. For the next couple of years after that, my mom didn’t date. Like AT ALL. The only male presence I grew up around was my older brothers, and my best friends. But then, one day, when I was around 12 (Very close to my thirteenth) and was coming home from track practice early, sin 

Oh, I sure did! I worked in a LARGE HR office. I was a new manager and soon learned I worked in a freaking snake pit. No lie -- these were women who would not flush the toilet on purpose. You have no idea how revolting this was at times. They would also withhold information needed by others and steal work off your desk. All sorts of shenanigans went on. One manager was a lazy, ass-licker, and sucked up to upper management regularly and I detested her from Day One (that's another story I already wrote about. It involved dogs). She was one of 5 managers in our Section so I had to deal with her fa 

When I was very young and stupid, I worked as a clerical and administrative customer service assistant for a family that was verbally, emotionally, and financially abusive. As a side note, I did finally escape from them, but they were so damaging to my confidence and ego that when I finally quit, it was like being in a bad marriage and I ended up in therapy for a year to deal with the psychological aftermath. In any case, it was not unusual for this family to force me to perform tasks that were clearly beyond the scope of my job description to avoid hiring contractors and save money. Instead of 

Oh man,I’ve been waiting for an opportunity to tell this story. I am a 64 year old,retired building contractor-carpenter. I was hired on with a small company a couple years ago that did remodels and restorations. The first day,I just hung a very large fireplace mantle then began stripping the kitchen out for a complete re-make when this kids walks into the house. I call him kid but he was maybe 24 years old. Steel spike earings, and piercings everywhere. Forehead,nose cheeks,etc Bald head and tattoos everywhere. He immediately began to check out my work and then blurts out’ “ This mantle is cr 

When I first moved back to FL from NYC, I picked up a job at a summer camp near my house. It was a local secret on a beautiful lake and all of the well off families sent their kids there for decades. Even the staff members grew up there. As an outsider, it was like high school all over again. Mostly, I didn’t mind because I’d never gone to camp like that, and I enjoyed doing fun activities with the kids. It was a relief from the city and so beautiful! My boss was a bit sketchy, and the pay was low, but the staff members were pretty chill and the work wasn’t hard. I was grateful to get back to  

I see over 100 answers here so I wonder if it’s too late to post. Here’s my answer, but I’ll have to explain a lot before getting to the two orders that I disobeyed and one my brother disobeyed. My brother was getting married in another state (Wisconsin) so the rest of our family went to the bride's family City of Milwaukee to attend. None of our (nasty) relatives went to my brothers wedding so all the other guests were of the bride's family. There is an US tradition that the Grooms family needs to pay for the out of towners formal dinner and the Brides family pays for everything else. So, my fa 

As an EMT/doctor/police, when was a time you experienced extreme anger on the job?
What should you say to a colleague if you see her wear the same shirt two work days in a row (Friday and Monday)?
There's a thing called a washing machine. It's this magical device that allows your dirty clothes to be thrown in along with some soap, and they come out clean in an hour! Then there's another thing called a dryer that you can throw your just cleaned clothes into, and they tumble around for an hour and get dry! Here's a little food for thought. There was a story following an Australian newscaster because he wanted proof that women's clothing is noticed more often then men's. This Australian newscaster decided to go a WHOLE YEAR wearing the SAME shirt and suit jacket to see how many people would not 

It's interesting to me how focused you are on this person’s clothing. I'm wondering if this is someone you like (like a crush), someone you want to humiliate or dislike in someway, (like a mean boss or co-worker), or if this is something you find yourself focused on in other settings. Even if she is wearing the same shirt two days in row, I also wonder what it is about someone doing this that feels very important to you. Do you find that you are generally focused on the appearances of others? Or perhaps focused on small details and feel the need to correct others around you? Was this something  

I work at a College, and we are occasionally given branded clothing. Now I have been working at the same place for 12 years, and I am still roughly the same weight. So I have by now a very nice collection of branded shirts and jackets, and quite a few of my shirts look exactly the same. I usually have a busy day at work, and I am on my feet a lot. The offices are generally old buildings - dusty and crowded, and full of places that can hook and tear or damage fancy clothing. Sometimes I even have to move heavy boxes and stuff. I also do not really work with the public - just my students and the st 

Another example of “Things women can’t do.”  Women are expected to wear “something different” every day (in jobs that do not require a specific uniform).  If they wear the same thing … they get judged.  They are either lazy, wearing dirty clothes, a “slut” (spent the night having sex, and so wore the same clothes the next day… aka walk of shame), or lacking in style. A man can wear the same suit every day of the week.  Same colors, same style, even the exact same suit … and no one notices or cares.  I dated a man who had five suits… all the same color and style, and 10 white shirts… exactly ali 

Has the overwhelmingly one-sided response to this question made an impact on you yet? There’s a simple reason why everyone has disagreed with your obvious opinion on this topic. Once you become an adult, and especially once you start working in the real world … that same sort of obnoxious middle-school behavior of not only judging another human being for stupid things like what they wear/how they look, but also of you feeling like you have some kind of “right” to go and tell them about it, TOOO?! ….. is just you being incredibly judgemental and just plain old RUDE!!!! Even if your coworker wears 

In addition to the things others said (there being two full days to do the laundry, the possibility of a strict dress code limiting options, the fact that people often buy more than one of something they really like, etc) I know I tend to wear certain items more often when I've gotten compliments on them, than items no one’s ever said anything about. If someone compliments the fit, color, or design of something I wear, I feel less self conscious, more confident, and better about myself when I wear it again. Compliments also mean that whatever item it was caught their eye. Especially in a cubic 

Absolutely nothing. First of all, its none of your business. Second of all, you do not know any details. When I lived in Europe, the Germans, French and Italians would buy only one or two outfits a year but they are expensive and of great quality. They buy for tailoring and quality, not quantity. The French do not buy fashion clothes but buy one or two pieces a year of high quality and then they accessorize with scarves, belts, or costume jewelry to give it fashion. I have worn black every day for over 25 years. When I like the fit and quality of a sweater, pants, or shirt, I buy 6 to 12 pieces 

You should say nothing. It’s completely irrelevant unless their actions are connected to poor hygiene which in turn has a direct negative impact on your work or their’s. For the past several years, I’ve been wearing essentially the same outfit to work almost every day. It’s a self imposed uniform of sorts. I manage a warehouse where I have to be prepared for both getting occasionally dirty or sweaty, but also have to be dressed appropriately enough to speak with clients who may show up unannounced. I’m not willing to spend the money required to constantly replace my fine clothing that may get d 

I have an interesting perspective on this. I’m from the US and i never wore the same outfit twice. I had 30 pairs of shoes and two over flowing closets of clothes. When i moved to france i donated almost everything, and kept my favorite items and a nice classy wardrobe for work. 6 months after i realized i STILL owned too much and purged again. I now have 4 pairs of shoes and a classy, chic capsule wardrobe. i even asked my friends why they rewore the same clothes all the time 1. because it is not dirty. I sit at work, i go home. Why would i waste energy and water cleaning something that isn’t  

Original Question: What should you say to a colleague if you see her wear the same shirt two work days in a row (Friday and Monday)? My Answer: First of all, you have zero business in saying ANYTHING to her about what she wears to work. It's none of your business, so do her a favour and say not one damn word about this. This may come as a surprise to you, but not everyone can afford a different outfit for every day of the week. I certainly couldn't when I was still able to work in my office job. 14 years later, I'm 47 and still can't afford many clothes and I never shop at boutiques. I go years wi 

What’s the best revenge you’ve gotten after being fired or let go from a job?
A few years back I was the head of an Australian IT startup in Sri Lanka. I did everything the company needed from Registering the company and hiring all employees to setting up the processes. My Director who was an Australian was initially impressed with me but slowly but surely I grew out of favor. Partly because I would challenge his stupid orders and partly because he thought I was a threat. In any case I was prepared to resign as long as he asked me to, in a professional manner. Instead he tried to make my life a living hell. From pitting employees against me and giving them confusing and  

I was about fifteen, working in the concession of a local recreation center. It was my first job. My boss, Julie, was extremely tough to please and had a high staff turnover rate. I knew this when I applied for the job, but I needed the money as I was going on a trip with the local travel club in March and I wanted spending money. She was made aware of this when she hired me in September. It was February 14 when I reminded Julie that I was taking my trip with the travel club during spring break (March 19–21). This was more than a month’s notice that I would need that week off, not that she had a 

Many years ago I was working in the Middle East when I was offered a fresh challenge in Latin America, as I spoke Spanish and Portuguese I felt this was a good move. I arrived at my new job and to my surprise they had already decided to double my asking salary….good start but anyways. After 6 months of hard work and increasing sales I asked the boss for a working visa as the one I was on had almost expired to which he agreed. I was given all the documentation and $2000 for expenses and flew to England. My visa was ready and stamped into my passport so I headed back. After my second day back I wa 

Wasn't fired from the job, my revenge came on making sure I received payment. A customer I had done work for in the past contacted me about installing a flue liner in an old chimney/fireplace. He had just purchased an old hunting cabin about an hour and a half away from where we live. This particular guy was what one may call, for lack of better words, a tight ass. Penny Pincher. Cheap fu..er comes to mind, etc. He has more money than I will ever have in my lifetime, however, he always has a hard time digging in his pockets when payment time comes. He always has to feel like he's getting a dea 

What’s the best revenge you’ve gotten after being fired or let go from a job? all names have been changed because I feel it is needed, lol It was completely unintentional for as many people to be fired after I had quit. I know that the question is about revenge after being fired or let go, but this story is about the aftermath of a job ending. The backstory is that I was working as a dishwasher at a high-end restaurant that a plain chicken breast and rice was $15.95. It was on Valentine’s Day (1992) that I had met Howard. Howard was from the corporate office that was located in CA. I just googled 

Some years back I was working as a service engineer for a large electronic lock company near London. After a couple of years there, the company was looking to start building a network of field based engineers around the country, and the General Manager was looking for any volunteers to relocate. I had friends who had moved North and thought, well, why not. Unfortunately the old service manager (my direct boss) had recently left, and the guy who was the longest serving engineer was taking his place, and we just really didn’t get along. Not sure why -- he was a fairly reserved type and I was not  

Well, it was not exactly being fired, or being let go, but here is the story of a job that I walked away from, with a bit of revenge. I’m not proud of it, nor am I ashamed of it. It is just something that happened. Some details have been redacted from this telling, and some that are not flattering to the author remain. You be the judge.  I took a contract job in college (this was about 30 years ago) to design a peripheral card for a PC. The company made scales, and wanted to interface sensors to the PC to build a new scale. It’s common nowadays, but was pretty new back then. I designed the devic 

I’d self financed for a career change and finished one job to complete my final studies full time for a year, my ex got a great job offer in another part of the country and when we moved my job opportunities shrunk from reasonable to almost zero but her salary more than doubled so the move made sense. After 18 months of scrabbling around doing low skill temp jobs I managed to get a firm to take me on; I was the lowest paid in the firm, even my secretary earned 40% more than me. I worked hard, introduced new ways of using tech that we already had to speed up and simplify the job and developed t 

Got two stories, from completely different jobs. JOB #1: This one doesn’t quite qualify, as I hadn’t been fired, but maintains the general spirit of the question. I was in my mid-twenties working for a high-end jewelry store in a dying mall in 1998–99. I had been hired on part time in the fall of ‘98, and as Christmas closed in, naturally I saw an increase in my hours. The owner of the store also owned a second, somewhat larger store across from the one I worked at that sold his second- and third-tier jewelry, plus collectibles like Lladro, Giuseppe Armani, Swarovski, and (ugh) Precious Moments, 

I’m a trusts and estates paralegal. I left the large law firm I’d been at for over six years to go to a boutique law firm (big law firm had a new office administrator that was horrible…she’s since been fired, but I digress). After moving to boutique law firm (BTL) I knew that they were not a great fit. They discussed politics, religion and other topics that I don’t believe should be discussed in the workplace. At the first office holiday party, the receptionist brought brownies baked with weed (legal in Washington). At least half of the staff partook and one of the partners hit it hard. In my  

How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? I like my job and don’t have any skills or a degree. I live in Texas and I have worked there for five years at a senior retirement home.
The building on the left of my own is undergoing an upgrading. There are a team of bricklayers who have built a tall scaffolding, secured it with nets to prevent anything falling off, added more scaffolding all around the roof, added more nets, and now are going to remove the tiles, lay an insulating layer, and place new tiles. The building is ten storeys high, so they are working at quite a bit of height. For this reason, each worker must wear a hard had, wear protective boots and gloves, and has a harness with a lifeline, so that if they fall they will not crash to the ground. Besides, like  

How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? Because of conservatives, starting with Reagan conservatives. When Ronald Reagan took office, he worked hard to tear down employee protections, dismantle fair labor relations boards, and pass “employment at will” laws that allow employers to fire employees for almost any reason. For more than 40 years, American conservatives fought their asses off to pass these laws everywhere. “Free market!” they said. “Free market! No government interference in employer hiring and firing decisions! Free market! Free market! Get the government out of busine 

Do you know what at will employment is? That's what we have in Texas. That's what conservatives in Texas fought for and accomplished. They lied and lied and lied about how necessary it was for a business friendly state. They lied and lied and lied about how it was a “conservative" position because it was " business friendly.” They just didn't tell you who they were giving your rights to. They didn't tell you they weren't protecting YOUR rights, but the “rights" of non-human business entities. So you have none left. You gave them all away. You let liars lie and lie and lie to you that it was the Dem 

Your employer has a legal (and moral) obligation to provide a safe environment for all of his employees. He is ultimately responsible for the safety, health and welfare for each person in his/her charge while they are performing their duties. Would you expect your employer to allow an employee to rise from their desk, put on a blindfold, turn around 3 times and then fire a pistol in whatever direction they were facing? That would be nuts! Someone could die if this were allowed. I presume that the retirement home where you work has a kitchen that serves the residents. Would it be ok with you if t 

How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? I like my job and don’t have any skills or a degree. I live in Texas and I have worked there for five years at a senior retirement home. I like to dig into the background of questions like this to see who could write such a question and maybe suss out why. Sometimes they come from Quora’s self-inflicted blight, the question-generators who get paid for writing questions that draw lots of answers. That usually means that clever people with no integrity are paid to come up with questions designed to irritate people. Others are hopelessly self 

This question keeps coming up, almost troll like. The same “freedom” “merica” loving crowd that stormed the Capitol keep giving OUR non 2A rights away then complain when they..not the others..get hurt. You live in a regressive right to work state. You would see that if you had electrical power. You most likely voted for Trump. One of Trump’s first acts as POTUS was to deregulate the nursing home industry so your Bosses could make more money. And you less. Unskilled and no degree? Stop watching Mike Rowe too. The reason nursing home care is an abomination is because they hire people with skill set 

OK then guess what. Your employer has an obligation to have a safe place for their residents. You want to be free to risk the lives of the residents? Your employer isn’t going to go there. How can they do it? Easy. Texas is an at will state. An employer can fire you because they don’t like the way you tie your shoes. The GOP got in there and have essentially removed ALL protections for workers. So your employer can fire you for any little thing. This isn’t a little thing. You want to be free to risk the life of the seniors who live there? That would put their business at risk if one of their r 

Your employer has a legal duty of care to his staff and clients.Your employer has the absolute right to vary the terms of your contract, with appropriate notice.Your employer will take legal advice, usually from the firm providing his liability insurance.Your employer will vary your contract in line with that legal advice.It is entirely up to you weather you continue to work for him under the new terms.Let’s say your boss didn’t heed the insurers advice, let’s say one of his clients had a communicable disease that your boss knew about but took no steps to protect you from and you got infe 

I’m English and even I can answer this. You have the right not to get vaccinated just as your boss has the right to fire you without reason and without notice. He/she also has the legal and moral obligation, to protect everyone he/she employs, from harm. You have a right to put yourself at risk but you don’t have the right to put those around you at risk. Not to mention the fact that you work at a retirement home! The elderly are particularly vunerable…that’s why they’re getting vaccinated before everyone else. The vast majority of Covid deaths have been the elderly. Also, what is your boss go 

Nobody can force anyone to get a vaccine that’s not FDA approved (vaccines are licensed for use through emergency use authorization not FDA approval). So that’s not exactly what you’re employer is doing. What you’re employer is likely doing is telling you that they’re going to fire anyone who isn’t vaccinated. The distinction might not seem all that different to you but it’s the difference between something that’s legal and something that isn’t. Legal - firing people for any reason without cause including not getting a vaccine. You can thank Republicans for employment at will. Illegal - forcing s 

What is the fastest way you've seen a co-worker get fired?
Short version: Guy who worked there for less than a week got fired for stealing another employee's debit card information. Long version: When I worked overnights at a Holiday gas station, we would constantly have issues with getting people hired. So whenever we did get someone, they were effectively deemed irreplaceable, at least until a replacement could be found. Case in point, one of the (many) people hired and fired during my time there lasted several months. He was caught several times on camera stealing cigarillos, various other tobacco products, and food. This went on for a few months. Th 

I did NOT necessarily see a co-worker get fired- but one suddenly disappeared without anyone being aware of what happened at first. Back when I was working as a night crew stocker at Albertson's- this guy almost 10 years older than me had been hired to take the place of an African-American who had recently quit (because that one almost got fired for sneaking upstairs and taking naps while on the clock). That new guy acted okay at first- and then he all of a sudden started being a real jerk. He would get really “smart alecky"- and even started to mouth off at me while we were working. I came in  

I have seen 4 in my life: Flirting with a female collegue. Manager didn't like that. Asked the female collegue to email him, on their personal relationship. (Your employer must know, if you have any personal relationship with another employee in the organisation). The girl writes that this guy clings onto her, tries to woo her, and annoys her. On the basis of the email, the guy gets fired on the grounds of sexual harassment. 2 year later, we discover, the manager and the lady is having an affair. In fact, she got H1B as well, but at US immigration she gave some absurd answer on her “purpose of 

I've seen not one but two co-workers getting fired. It was in 2018, I was working in a BPO company. The company had an OT policy that anyone who's logged into the system for 11 hours will be considered as 9 hours of regular work, OT for 2 hrs and would pay you for that. Let me tell you, you've to be logged into the system, not necessarily be working and no permission from Team leader or manager was required to do OT. Technically you've to be working in those 2hrs also but since permission was not required from anyone to stay after shift this became a loophole to earn OT money without doing wor 

Back in my previous organization, there was no concept of firing. There were multiple projects and if you performed badly, you were released from the project. One would have to wait to get a call from a different project. While many wishes to get a release from the worst projects, to some getting a release is equivalent to getting fired and they don't want that for obvious reasons.  There was only one team member in my previous organization who stayed with the project ever since its inception. All the other team members have joined the project mid-way and needless to say, his experience had made 

Hello going anonymous because I am sharing my friend's/colleague's story about how he got fired [which happened last week 23rd march 2020] The fastest way of getting fired? Let me tell you what had happened. Let's call him X, he posted a description on linkedin that he is looking for a new job because in his current profile he was facing Negative team leaders, poor leadership, toxic work environment, no growth no promotions and nepotism/favoritism in almost every activity.He wanted growth in his career: he was the fastest, most knowledgeable and best quality worker, he wanted a better work culture

A friend and I were hired to work in a warehouse. Frank loved beer, if he wasn’t drinking beer he was eating Valium to calm his nerves. It’s our first day, the boss is watching us like he was in a guard tower making sure the prisoners didn’t escape. Had a shrapnel stare - went right through you. We were doing fine except that Frank was at the water cooler every 30 minutes washing down a Valium. Boss comes running over and wants to know what’s going on. Frank shows him a prescription bottle of Valium. He’s 26 years old and seemingly healthy. The boss is incredulous. I know we ain’t gonna last t 

There was a coworker that just started but had prior manager experience so he was getting trained for manager after a sort of trial period. This was at a Dominos. He finished his training and was then a manager. I just got this odd vibe from him like he had this big fake smile but it felt like he hated everyone inside or had bad intentions. I tried to hide it but one day he came bustling in with his high energy fake enthusiasm and then looked at me and said “what, you don’t like me devin?” I tried so hard to have self control. All i could do was just stay silent and try to look at the ground s 

Back then it was my first job at Chennai Metro in the year 2012 with a Singapore consultant who had strict adherence to safety and quality policy and had zero tolerance. Then we had a colleague called Sadiq Ahmed who was from Bihar who worked with Riyadh Metro and joined our company as electrical engineer. Now this guy had a habit of praying to god every 3 hours once. Since it was a consulting company we had off from Friday afternoon to Sunday. So before we proceed to leave the location on fridays our whole crew would inspect the whole of tunnel in trolleys and close the safety audit reports f 

It was happened in December 2019. We all joined in Wipro and in our batch contains one high experienced person too.  He was very excited about Wipro and he asked us to click a picture of him in Wipro campus and he posted in each and every social media he had. We all supposed to attend a 15 days mandatory training and during those time we all became friends and we exchanged our numbers too. His whatsapp status at the end of the day would be one pic of him in the Wipro campus . I hope he impressed that girl from his whatsapp status. But after entering into the project this all had happened. Wipro has  

What is the fastest way you've seen a co-worker get fired?
Short version: Guy who worked there for less than a week got fired for stealing another employee's debit card information. Long version: When I worked overnights at a Holiday gas station, we would constantly have issues with getting people hired. So whenever we did get someone, they were effectively deemed irreplaceable, at least until a replacement could be found. Case in point, one of the (many) people hired and fired during my time there lasted several months. He was caught several times on camera stealing cigarillos, various other tobacco products, and food. This went on for a few months. Th 

I did NOT necessarily see a co-worker get fired- but one suddenly disappeared without anyone being aware of what happened at first. Back when I was working as a night crew stocker at Albertson's- this guy almost 10 years older than me had been hired to take the place of an African-American who had recently quit (because that one almost got fired for sneaking upstairs and taking naps while on the clock). That new guy acted okay at first- and then he all of a sudden started being a real jerk. He would get really “smart alecky"- and even started to mouth off at me while we were working. I came in  

I have seen 4 in my life: Flirting with a female collegue. Manager didn't like that. Asked the female collegue to email him, on their personal relationship. (Your employer must know, if you have any personal relationship with another employee in the organisation). The girl writes that this guy clings onto her, tries to woo her, and annoys her. On the basis of the email, the guy gets fired on the grounds of sexual harassment. 2 year later, we discover, the manager and the lady is having an affair. In fact, she got H1B as well, but at US immigration she gave some absurd answer on her “purpose of 

I've seen not one but two co-workers getting fired. It was in 2018, I was working in a BPO company. The company had an OT policy that anyone who's logged into the system for 11 hours will be considered as 9 hours of regular work, OT for 2 hrs and would pay you for that. Let me tell you, you've to be logged into the system, not necessarily be working and no permission from Team leader or manager was required to do OT. Technically you've to be working in those 2hrs also but since permission was not required from anyone to stay after shift this became a loophole to earn OT money without doing wor 

Back in my previous organization, there was no concept of firing. There were multiple projects and if you performed badly, you were released from the project. One would have to wait to get a call from a different project. While many wishes to get a release from the worst projects, to some getting a release is equivalent to getting fired and they don't want that for obvious reasons.  There was only one team member in my previous organization who stayed with the project ever since its inception. All the other team members have joined the project mid-way and needless to say, his experience had made 

Hello going anonymous because I am sharing my friend's/colleague's story about how he got fired [which happened last week 23rd march 2020] The fastest way of getting fired? Let me tell you what had happened. Let's call him X, he posted a description on linkedin that he is looking for a new job because in his current profile he was facing Negative team leaders, poor leadership, toxic work environment, no growth no promotions and nepotism/favoritism in almost every activity.He wanted growth in his career: he was the fastest, most knowledgeable and best quality worker, he wanted a better work culture

A friend and I were hired to work in a warehouse. Frank loved beer, if he wasn’t drinking beer he was eating Valium to calm his nerves. It’s our first day, the boss is watching us like he was in a guard tower making sure the prisoners didn’t escape. Had a shrapnel stare - went right through you. We were doing fine except that Frank was at the water cooler every 30 minutes washing down a Valium. Boss comes running over and wants to know what’s going on. Frank shows him a prescription bottle of Valium. He’s 26 years old and seemingly healthy. The boss is incredulous. I know we ain’t gonna last t 

There was a coworker that just started but had prior manager experience so he was getting trained for manager after a sort of trial period. This was at a Dominos. He finished his training and was then a manager. I just got this odd vibe from him like he had this big fake smile but it felt like he hated everyone inside or had bad intentions. I tried to hide it but one day he came bustling in with his high energy fake enthusiasm and then looked at me and said “what, you don’t like me devin?” I tried so hard to have self control. All i could do was just stay silent and try to look at the ground s 

Back then it was my first job at Chennai Metro in the year 2012 with a Singapore consultant who had strict adherence to safety and quality policy and had zero tolerance. Then we had a colleague called Sadiq Ahmed who was from Bihar who worked with Riyadh Metro and joined our company as electrical engineer. Now this guy had a habit of praying to god every 3 hours once. Since it was a consulting company we had off from Friday afternoon to Sunday. So before we proceed to leave the location on fridays our whole crew would inspect the whole of tunnel in trolleys and close the safety audit reports f 

It was happened in December 2019. We all joined in Wipro and in our batch contains one high experienced person too.  He was very excited about Wipro and he asked us to click a picture of him in Wipro campus and he posted in each and every social media he had. We all supposed to attend a 15 days mandatory training and during those time we all became friends and we exchanged our numbers too. His whatsapp status at the end of the day would be one pic of him in the Wipro campus . I hope he impressed that girl from his whatsapp status. But after entering into the project this all had happened. Wipro has  

How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? I like my job and don’t have any skills or a degree. I live in Texas and I have worked there for five years at a senior retirement home.
The building on the left of my own is undergoing an upgrading. There are a team of bricklayers who have built a tall scaffolding, secured it with nets to prevent anything falling off, added more scaffolding all around the roof, added more nets, and now are going to remove the tiles, lay an insulating layer, and place new tiles. The building is ten storeys high, so they are working at quite a bit of height. For this reason, each worker must wear a hard had, wear protective boots and gloves, and has a harness with a lifeline, so that if they fall they will not crash to the ground. Besides, like  

How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? Because of conservatives, starting with Reagan conservatives. When Ronald Reagan took office, he worked hard to tear down employee protections, dismantle fair labor relations boards, and pass “employment at will” laws that allow employers to fire employees for almost any reason. For more than 40 years, American conservatives fought their asses off to pass these laws everywhere. “Free market!” they said. “Free market! No government interference in employer hiring and firing decisions! Free market! Free market! Get the government out of busine 

Do you know what at will employment is? That's what we have in Texas. That's what conservatives in Texas fought for and accomplished. They lied and lied and lied about how necessary it was for a business friendly state. They lied and lied and lied about how it was a “conservative" position because it was " business friendly.” They just didn't tell you who they were giving your rights to. They didn't tell you they weren't protecting YOUR rights, but the “rights" of non-human business entities. So you have none left. You gave them all away. You let liars lie and lie and lie to you that it was the Dem 

Your employer has a legal (and moral) obligation to provide a safe environment for all of his employees. He is ultimately responsible for the safety, health and welfare for each person in his/her charge while they are performing their duties. Would you expect your employer to allow an employee to rise from their desk, put on a blindfold, turn around 3 times and then fire a pistol in whatever direction they were facing? That would be nuts! Someone could die if this were allowed. I presume that the retirement home where you work has a kitchen that serves the residents. Would it be ok with you if t 

How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? I like my job and don’t have any skills or a degree. I live in Texas and I have worked there for five years at a senior retirement home. I like to dig into the background of questions like this to see who could write such a question and maybe suss out why. Sometimes they come from Quora’s self-inflicted blight, the question-generators who get paid for writing questions that draw lots of answers. That usually means that clever people with no integrity are paid to come up with questions designed to irritate people. Others are hopelessly self 

This question keeps coming up, almost troll like. The same “freedom” “merica” loving crowd that stormed the Capitol keep giving OUR non 2A rights away then complain when they..not the others..get hurt. You live in a regressive right to work state. You would see that if you had electrical power. You most likely voted for Trump. One of Trump’s first acts as POTUS was to deregulate the nursing home industry so your Bosses could make more money. And you less. Unskilled and no degree? Stop watching Mike Rowe too. The reason nursing home care is an abomination is because they hire people with skill set 

OK then guess what. Your employer has an obligation to have a safe place for their residents. You want to be free to risk the lives of the residents? Your employer isn’t going to go there. How can they do it? Easy. Texas is an at will state. An employer can fire you because they don’t like the way you tie your shoes. The GOP got in there and have essentially removed ALL protections for workers. So your employer can fire you for any little thing. This isn’t a little thing. You want to be free to risk the life of the seniors who live there? That would put their business at risk if one of their r 

Your employer has a legal duty of care to his staff and clients.Your employer has the absolute right to vary the terms of your contract, with appropriate notice.Your employer will take legal advice, usually from the firm providing his liability insurance.Your employer will vary your contract in line with that legal advice.It is entirely up to you weather you continue to work for him under the new terms.Let’s say your boss didn’t heed the insurers advice, let’s say one of his clients had a communicable disease that your boss knew about but took no steps to protect you from and you got infe 

I’m English and even I can answer this. You have the right not to get vaccinated just as your boss has the right to fire you without reason and without notice. He/she also has the legal and moral obligation, to protect everyone he/she employs, from harm. You have a right to put yourself at risk but you don’t have the right to put those around you at risk. Not to mention the fact that you work at a retirement home! The elderly are particularly vunerable…that’s why they’re getting vaccinated before everyone else. The vast majority of Covid deaths have been the elderly. Also, what is your boss go 

Nobody can force anyone to get a vaccine that’s not FDA approved (vaccines are licensed for use through emergency use authorization not FDA approval). So that’s not exactly what you’re employer is doing. What you’re employer is likely doing is telling you that they’re going to fire anyone who isn’t vaccinated. The distinction might not seem all that different to you but it’s the difference between something that’s legal and something that isn’t. Legal - firing people for any reason without cause including not getting a vaccine. You can thank Republicans for employment at will. Illegal - forcing s 

How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? I like my job and don’t have any skills or a degree. I live in Texas and I have worked there for five years at a senior retirement home.
The building on the left of my own is undergoing an upgrading. There are a team of bricklayers who have built a tall scaffolding, secured it with nets to prevent anything falling off, added more scaffolding all around the roof, added more nets, and now are going to remove the tiles, lay an insulating layer, and place new tiles. The building is ten storeys high, so they are working at quite a bit of height. For this reason, each worker must wear a hard had, wear protective boots and gloves, and has a harness with a lifeline, so that if they fall they will not crash to the ground. Besides, like  

How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? Because of conservatives, starting with Reagan conservatives. When Ronald Reagan took office, he worked hard to tear down employee protections, dismantle fair labor relations boards, and pass “employment at will” laws that allow employers to fire employees for almost any reason. For more than 40 years, American conservatives fought their asses off to pass these laws everywhere. “Free market!” they said. “Free market! No government interference in employer hiring and firing decisions! Free market! Free market! Get the government out of busine 

Do you know what at will employment is? That's what we have in Texas. That's what conservatives in Texas fought for and accomplished. They lied and lied and lied about how necessary it was for a business friendly state. They lied and lied and lied about how it was a “conservative" position because it was " business friendly.” They just didn't tell you who they were giving your rights to. They didn't tell you they weren't protecting YOUR rights, but the “rights" of non-human business entities. So you have none left. You gave them all away. You let liars lie and lie and lie to you that it was the Dem 

Your employer has a legal (and moral) obligation to provide a safe environment for all of his employees. He is ultimately responsible for the safety, health and welfare for each person in his/her charge while they are performing their duties. Would you expect your employer to allow an employee to rise from their desk, put on a blindfold, turn around 3 times and then fire a pistol in whatever direction they were facing? That would be nuts! Someone could die if this were allowed. I presume that the retirement home where you work has a kitchen that serves the residents. Would it be ok with you if t 

How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? I like my job and don’t have any skills or a degree. I live in Texas and I have worked there for five years at a senior retirement home. I like to dig into the background of questions like this to see who could write such a question and maybe suss out why. Sometimes they come from Quora’s self-inflicted blight, the question-generators who get paid for writing questions that draw lots of answers. That usually means that clever people with no integrity are paid to come up with questions designed to irritate people. Others are hopelessly self 

This question keeps coming up, almost troll like. The same “freedom” “merica” loving crowd that stormed the Capitol keep giving OUR non 2A rights away then complain when they..not the others..get hurt. You live in a regressive right to work state. You would see that if you had electrical power. You most likely voted for Trump. One of Trump’s first acts as POTUS was to deregulate the nursing home industry so your Bosses could make more money. And you less. Unskilled and no degree? Stop watching Mike Rowe too. The reason nursing home care is an abomination is because they hire people with skill set 

OK then guess what. Your employer has an obligation to have a safe place for their residents. You want to be free to risk the lives of the residents? Your employer isn’t going to go there. How can they do it? Easy. Texas is an at will state. An employer can fire you because they don’t like the way you tie your shoes. The GOP got in there and have essentially removed ALL protections for workers. So your employer can fire you for any little thing. This isn’t a little thing. You want to be free to risk the life of the seniors who live there? That would put their business at risk if one of their r 

Your employer has a legal duty of care to his staff and clients.Your employer has the absolute right to vary the terms of your contract, with appropriate notice.Your employer will take legal advice, usually from the firm providing his liability insurance.Your employer will vary your contract in line with that legal advice.It is entirely up to you weather you continue to work for him under the new terms.Let’s say your boss didn’t heed the insurers advice, let’s say one of his clients had a communicable disease that your boss knew about but took no steps to protect you from and you got infe 

I’m English and even I can answer this. You have the right not to get vaccinated just as your boss has the right to fire you without reason and without notice. He/she also has the legal and moral obligation, to protect everyone he/she employs, from harm. You have a right to put yourself at risk but you don’t have the right to put those around you at risk. Not to mention the fact that you work at a retirement home! The elderly are particularly vunerable…that’s why they’re getting vaccinated before everyone else. The vast majority of Covid deaths have been the elderly. Also, what is your boss go 

Nobody can force anyone to get a vaccine that’s not FDA approved (vaccines are licensed for use through emergency use authorization not FDA approval). So that’s not exactly what you’re employer is doing. What you’re employer is likely doing is telling you that they’re going to fire anyone who isn’t vaccinated. The distinction might not seem all that different to you but it’s the difference between something that’s legal and something that isn’t. Legal - firing people for any reason without cause including not getting a vaccine. You can thank Republicans for employment at will. Illegal - forcing s 

Should I quit when my boss is refusing to approve vacation time for an important trip I planned?
You haven’t shared the reason your trip is important to you so I can’t speak directly to your situation, but I can share one of my own. Eleven years ago my mom died. In 2011 my dad planned a ten-day trip to Normandy, France for a D-Day event. He invited me to go with him and offered to pay my way. He wanted the company since mom was gone. My bosses denied my vacation request. They said I was “too indispensable” to be gone for that long unless/until they found more help in my department. Just a few months after that they essentially fired me. They didn’t actually fire me - I quit in anger (over th 

“Unless you're able to get out of that trip, we may have to go another direction as far as employment.” This was spoken to me by my brand-new boss, because two years ago, I was in this exact scenario. I'd recently begun training as a barista at a local drive-through coffee stand. In Washington, the birthplace of Starbucks, one can hardly go a mile without seeing one of these little stands, and I'd always thought they'd be great fun in which to work! Initially, I was absolutely right! The customers were fun to talk to, my co-workers were so sweet, and I really enjoyed creating all of those differe 

My husband and I recently moved. He gave his boss a month notice that he would be taking a 4 day weekend, as I have a nerve disorder and cant stand long or carry anything over 15 pounds. He reminded them at the 2 week mark after they approved it and they said as long as he could run any emergency loads, this obviously was an annoyance but he agreed. The next day we found out my aunt had passed away suddenly after get pneumonia while trying to get to her next cancer treatment. Her funeral was scheduled the 2nd day of his four day weekend and was across the state about a 4 hour drive. As soon as  

Here’s my story: I had worked as a pharmacy technician in a hospital. While I was being interviewed for the job, I told the interviewer that I would only be staying for two years because I had plans to go to college out of state. He said that was fine. We discussed how everyone is required to work one holiday a year because they have to have coverage and the only fair way to accomplish this task is if everyone did one holiday. Well, during the next year and a half, I worked EVERY holiday. They even asked me to stay one night because there was a blizzard going on outside and several people couldn 

So, I think you should approach this differently. Speak with your boss and/or higher up with regards to why your request was denied. Politely and kind. If it was denied because they are understaffed or there is some concern over time sensitive assignments. I would then ask if they would approve a set hours (eg: 4 hrs of OT) to get it done and ask if that would change the approval to vacation. However, if your inquiry request is dismissed than you may have to question if this job has its employees interest at heart. If that is the case, do understand that you are just another number. Most states a 

I worked on a project, 10 years ago, where I faced quite a similar situation. We were being made to work like prisoners, no rest, no recuperation, 8:30 AM to 1:00 AM in the night or more. For more than 7 months, we endured. Saturdays, Sundays, it was all fair game. Men, women, it didn’t matter. No-one left before 12:30 AM at night. We’d drop the girls off at their respective homes before shuffling off to our own, for a few measly hours of sleep. It was the peak of the recession period, and we were all worried new entrants to the IT market. It was not a good time to land on your ass, for no fault  

Whether you should quit or not depends on you. Your question doesn’t include backstory, so I’m going to assume that you believed you would receive approval and are now at a decision point because the boss said no. One question to ask yourself is if you can afford to lose this job or if you can afford to miss that trip. Here’s my story: I got a job at a Big Box at an entry level position. But I’m 50-something, I’ve been around the block, I didn’t ‘need’ the income but didn’t mind it, and for entry level retail work it had a fixed schedule 5am-9am M-F which is super unusual and convenient. [Note:  

Counter to the answers advising to sacrifice the vacation to plan an orderly exit later, here’s a similar scenario that played out differently. My company had decided to “not-deny-but-not-approve vacations &gt;2 weeks”, and my new manager - “Tim” - was the enforcer. Tim was useless btw - gross incompetence personified - a relevant detail. I had my delayed-for-6-months honeymoon coming up - 4 weeks RVing around the USA national parks - and nothing was going to stand in the way of that. I’d also been planning a risky career pivot, and had my first bite - but not a locked in gig yet. So I resigned to Tim 

This happened to me twice. Once was in 1979, when I was working at a University Hospital, in CCU/ICU. I had an extensive back ground in CCU, &amp; was ending up in ICU the majority of the time, which was NOT why I had accepted a job there. An opportunity to go on a scuba diving trip to Grand Cayman &amp; St. John, VI with a local Zoo teen volunteers group had made itself available. I gave several months notice, and had the time accrued. My head nurse came back with they did not approve any vacation leave that was more than 2 weeks long- this trip was 16 days. I told her that it was the opportunity of a  

Our honeymoon. Three weeks driving tour across the UK. My boss was cool with me being gone for three weeks. My soon to be wife, who worked for a national chain womens clothing store at the time, was told by her regional manager no way in hell. So she decides she will give notice. Great time in our lives for a change anyway. Tells her boss &amp; friend well in advance of the formal filing. More weeks pass. Were about three weeks from the wedding &amp; the trip, formal notice has been given. Nt long after, the regional managers *boss* stops by the store to ask my wife, who had been there for years, why sh 

How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? I like my job and don’t have any skills or a degree. I live in Texas and I have worked there for five years at a senior retirement home.
The building on the left of my own is undergoing an upgrading. There are a team of bricklayers who have built a tall scaffolding, secured it with nets to prevent anything falling off, added more scaffolding all around the roof, added more nets, and now are going to remove the tiles, lay an insulating layer, and place new tiles. The building is ten storeys high, so they are working at quite a bit of height. For this reason, each worker must wear a hard had, wear protective boots and gloves, and has a harness with a lifeline, so that if they fall they will not crash to the ground. Besides, like  

How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? Because of conservatives, starting with Reagan conservatives. When Ronald Reagan took office, he worked hard to tear down employee protections, dismantle fair labor relations boards, and pass “employment at will” laws that allow employers to fire employees for almost any reason. For more than 40 years, American conservatives fought their asses off to pass these laws everywhere. “Free market!” they said. “Free market! No government interference in employer hiring and firing decisions! Free market! Free market! Get the government out of busine 

Do you know what at will employment is? That's what we have in Texas. That's what conservatives in Texas fought for and accomplished. They lied and lied and lied about how necessary it was for a business friendly state. They lied and lied and lied about how it was a “conservative" position because it was " business friendly.” They just didn't tell you who they were giving your rights to. They didn't tell you they weren't protecting YOUR rights, but the “rights" of non-human business entities. So you have none left. You gave them all away. You let liars lie and lie and lie to you that it was the Dem 

Your employer has a legal (and moral) obligation to provide a safe environment for all of his employees. He is ultimately responsible for the safety, health and welfare for each person in his/her charge while they are performing their duties. Would you expect your employer to allow an employee to rise from their desk, put on a blindfold, turn around 3 times and then fire a pistol in whatever direction they were facing? That would be nuts! Someone could die if this were allowed. I presume that the retirement home where you work has a kitchen that serves the residents. Would it be ok with you if t 

How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? I like my job and don’t have any skills or a degree. I live in Texas and I have worked there for five years at a senior retirement home. I like to dig into the background of questions like this to see who could write such a question and maybe suss out why. Sometimes they come from Quora’s self-inflicted blight, the question-generators who get paid for writing questions that draw lots of answers. That usually means that clever people with no integrity are paid to come up with questions designed to irritate people. Others are hopelessly self 

This question keeps coming up, almost troll like. The same “freedom” “merica” loving crowd that stormed the Capitol keep giving OUR non 2A rights away then complain when they..not the others..get hurt. You live in a regressive right to work state. You would see that if you had electrical power. You most likely voted for Trump. One of Trump’s first acts as POTUS was to deregulate the nursing home industry so your Bosses could make more money. And you less. Unskilled and no degree? Stop watching Mike Rowe too. The reason nursing home care is an abomination is because they hire people with skill set 

OK then guess what. Your employer has an obligation to have a safe place for their residents. You want to be free to risk the lives of the residents? Your employer isn’t going to go there. How can they do it? Easy. Texas is an at will state. An employer can fire you because they don’t like the way you tie your shoes. The GOP got in there and have essentially removed ALL protections for workers. So your employer can fire you for any little thing. This isn’t a little thing. You want to be free to risk the life of the seniors who live there? That would put their business at risk if one of their r 

Your employer has a legal duty of care to his staff and clients.Your employer has the absolute right to vary the terms of your contract, with appropriate notice.Your employer will take legal advice, usually from the firm providing his liability insurance.Your employer will vary your contract in line with that legal advice.It is entirely up to you weather you continue to work for him under the new terms.Let’s say your boss didn’t heed the insurers advice, let’s say one of his clients had a communicable disease that your boss knew about but took no steps to protect you from and you got infe 

I’m English and even I can answer this. You have the right not to get vaccinated just as your boss has the right to fire you without reason and without notice. He/she also has the legal and moral obligation, to protect everyone he/she employs, from harm. You have a right to put yourself at risk but you don’t have the right to put those around you at risk. Not to mention the fact that you work at a retirement home! The elderly are particularly vunerable…that’s why they’re getting vaccinated before everyone else. The vast majority of Covid deaths have been the elderly. Also, what is your boss go 

Nobody can force anyone to get a vaccine that’s not FDA approved (vaccines are licensed for use through emergency use authorization not FDA approval). So that’s not exactly what you’re employer is doing. What you’re employer is likely doing is telling you that they’re going to fire anyone who isn’t vaccinated. The distinction might not seem all that different to you but it’s the difference between something that’s legal and something that isn’t. Legal - firing people for any reason without cause including not getting a vaccine. You can thank Republicans for employment at will. Illegal - forcing s 

What is the fastest way you've seen a co-worker get fired?
Short version: Guy who worked there for less than a week got fired for stealing another employee's debit card information. Long version: When I worked overnights at a Holiday gas station, we would constantly have issues with getting people hired. So whenever we did get someone, they were effectively deemed irreplaceable, at least until a replacement could be found. Case in point, one of the (many) people hired and fired during my time there lasted several months. He was caught several times on camera stealing cigarillos, various other tobacco products, and food. This went on for a few months. Th 

I did NOT necessarily see a co-worker get fired- but one suddenly disappeared without anyone being aware of what happened at first. Back when I was working as a night crew stocker at Albertson's- this guy almost 10 years older than me had been hired to take the place of an African-American who had recently quit (because that one almost got fired for sneaking upstairs and taking naps while on the clock). That new guy acted okay at first- and then he all of a sudden started being a real jerk. He would get really “smart alecky"- and even started to mouth off at me while we were working. I came in  

I have seen 4 in my life: Flirting with a female collegue. Manager didn't like that. Asked the female collegue to email him, on their personal relationship. (Your employer must know, if you have any personal relationship with another employee in the organisation). The girl writes that this guy clings onto her, tries to woo her, and annoys her. On the basis of the email, the guy gets fired on the grounds of sexual harassment. 2 year later, we discover, the manager and the lady is having an affair. In fact, she got H1B as well, but at US immigration she gave some absurd answer on her “purpose of 

I've seen not one but two co-workers getting fired. It was in 2018, I was working in a BPO company. The company had an OT policy that anyone who's logged into the system for 11 hours will be considered as 9 hours of regular work, OT for 2 hrs and would pay you for that. Let me tell you, you've to be logged into the system, not necessarily be working and no permission from Team leader or manager was required to do OT. Technically you've to be working in those 2hrs also but since permission was not required from anyone to stay after shift this became a loophole to earn OT money without doing wor 

Back in my previous organization, there was no concept of firing. There were multiple projects and if you performed badly, you were released from the project. One would have to wait to get a call from a different project. While many wishes to get a release from the worst projects, to some getting a release is equivalent to getting fired and they don't want that for obvious reasons.  There was only one team member in my previous organization who stayed with the project ever since its inception. All the other team members have joined the project mid-way and needless to say, his experience had made 

Hello going anonymous because I am sharing my friend's/colleague's story about how he got fired [which happened last week 23rd march 2020] The fastest way of getting fired? Let me tell you what had happened. Let's call him X, he posted a description on linkedin that he is looking for a new job because in his current profile he was facing Negative team leaders, poor leadership, toxic work environment, no growth no promotions and nepotism/favoritism in almost every activity.He wanted growth in his career: he was the fastest, most knowledgeable and best quality worker, he wanted a better work culture

A friend and I were hired to work in a warehouse. Frank loved beer, if he wasn’t drinking beer he was eating Valium to calm his nerves. It’s our first day, the boss is watching us like he was in a guard tower making sure the prisoners didn’t escape. Had a shrapnel stare - went right through you. We were doing fine except that Frank was at the water cooler every 30 minutes washing down a Valium. Boss comes running over and wants to know what’s going on. Frank shows him a prescription bottle of Valium. He’s 26 years old and seemingly healthy. The boss is incredulous. I know we ain’t gonna last t 

There was a coworker that just started but had prior manager experience so he was getting trained for manager after a sort of trial period. This was at a Dominos. He finished his training and was then a manager. I just got this odd vibe from him like he had this big fake smile but it felt like he hated everyone inside or had bad intentions. I tried to hide it but one day he came bustling in with his high energy fake enthusiasm and then looked at me and said “what, you don’t like me devin?” I tried so hard to have self control. All i could do was just stay silent and try to look at the ground s 

Back then it was my first job at Chennai Metro in the year 2012 with a Singapore consultant who had strict adherence to safety and quality policy and had zero tolerance. Then we had a colleague called Sadiq Ahmed who was from Bihar who worked with Riyadh Metro and joined our company as electrical engineer. Now this guy had a habit of praying to god every 3 hours once. Since it was a consulting company we had off from Friday afternoon to Sunday. So before we proceed to leave the location on fridays our whole crew would inspect the whole of tunnel in trolleys and close the safety audit reports f 

It was happened in December 2019. We all joined in Wipro and in our batch contains one high experienced person too.  He was very excited about Wipro and he asked us to click a picture of him in Wipro campus and he posted in each and every social media he had. We all supposed to attend a 15 days mandatory training and during those time we all became friends and we exchanged our numbers too. His whatsapp status at the end of the day would be one pic of him in the Wipro campus . I hope he impressed that girl from his whatsapp status. But after entering into the project this all had happened. Wipro has  

How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? I like my job and don’t have any skills or a degree. I live in Texas and I have worked there for five years at a senior retirement home.
The building on the left of my own is undergoing an upgrading. There are a team of bricklayers who have built a tall scaffolding, secured it with nets to prevent anything falling off, added more scaffolding all around the roof, added more nets, and now are going to remove the tiles, lay an insulating layer, and place new tiles. The building is ten storeys high, so they are working at quite a bit of height. For this reason, each worker must wear a hard had, wear protective boots and gloves, and has a harness with a lifeline, so that if they fall they will not crash to the ground. Besides, like  

How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? Because of conservatives, starting with Reagan conservatives. When Ronald Reagan took office, he worked hard to tear down employee protections, dismantle fair labor relations boards, and pass “employment at will” laws that allow employers to fire employees for almost any reason. For more than 40 years, American conservatives fought their asses off to pass these laws everywhere. “Free market!” they said. “Free market! No government interference in employer hiring and firing decisions! Free market! Free market! Get the government out of busine 

Do you know what at will employment is? That's what we have in Texas. That's what conservatives in Texas fought for and accomplished. They lied and lied and lied about how necessary it was for a business friendly state. They lied and lied and lied about how it was a “conservative" position because it was " business friendly.” They just didn't tell you who they were giving your rights to. They didn't tell you they weren't protecting YOUR rights, but the “rights" of non-human business entities. So you have none left. You gave them all away. You let liars lie and lie and lie to you that it was the Dem 

Your employer has a legal (and moral) obligation to provide a safe environment for all of his employees. He is ultimately responsible for the safety, health and welfare for each person in his/her charge while they are performing their duties. Would you expect your employer to allow an employee to rise from their desk, put on a blindfold, turn around 3 times and then fire a pistol in whatever direction they were facing? That would be nuts! Someone could die if this were allowed. I presume that the retirement home where you work has a kitchen that serves the residents. Would it be ok with you if t 

How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? I like my job and don’t have any skills or a degree. I live in Texas and I have worked there for five years at a senior retirement home. I like to dig into the background of questions like this to see who could write such a question and maybe suss out why. Sometimes they come from Quora’s self-inflicted blight, the question-generators who get paid for writing questions that draw lots of answers. That usually means that clever people with no integrity are paid to come up with questions designed to irritate people. Others are hopelessly self 

This question keeps coming up, almost troll like. The same “freedom” “merica” loving crowd that stormed the Capitol keep giving OUR non 2A rights away then complain when they..not the others..get hurt. You live in a regressive right to work state. You would see that if you had electrical power. You most likely voted for Trump. One of Trump’s first acts as POTUS was to deregulate the nursing home industry so your Bosses could make more money. And you less. Unskilled and no degree? Stop watching Mike Rowe too. The reason nursing home care is an abomination is because they hire people with skill set 

OK then guess what. Your employer has an obligation to have a safe place for their residents. You want to be free to risk the lives of the residents? Your employer isn’t going to go there. How can they do it? Easy. Texas is an at will state. An employer can fire you because they don’t like the way you tie your shoes. The GOP got in there and have essentially removed ALL protections for workers. So your employer can fire you for any little thing. This isn’t a little thing. You want to be free to risk the life of the seniors who live there? That would put their business at risk if one of their r 

Your employer has a legal duty of care to his staff and clients.Your employer has the absolute right to vary the terms of your contract, with appropriate notice.Your employer will take legal advice, usually from the firm providing his liability insurance.Your employer will vary your contract in line with that legal advice.It is entirely up to you weather you continue to work for him under the new terms.Let’s say your boss didn’t heed the insurers advice, let’s say one of his clients had a communicable disease that your boss knew about but took no steps to protect you from and you got infe 

I’m English and even I can answer this. You have the right not to get vaccinated just as your boss has the right to fire you without reason and without notice. He/she also has the legal and moral obligation, to protect everyone he/she employs, from harm. You have a right to put yourself at risk but you don’t have the right to put those around you at risk. Not to mention the fact that you work at a retirement home! The elderly are particularly vunerable…that’s why they’re getting vaccinated before everyone else. The vast majority of Covid deaths have been the elderly. Also, what is your boss go 

Nobody can force anyone to get a vaccine that’s not FDA approved (vaccines are licensed for use through emergency use authorization not FDA approval). So that’s not exactly what you’re employer is doing. What you’re employer is likely doing is telling you that they’re going to fire anyone who isn’t vaccinated. The distinction might not seem all that different to you but it’s the difference between something that’s legal and something that isn’t. Legal - firing people for any reason without cause including not getting a vaccine. You can thank Republicans for employment at will. Illegal - forcing s 

What should we do if we get an amazing game idea which can get famous so fast?
Is law school worth it? I am a criminal justice major in my junior year, I don’t want to be a police officer or parole officer etc because of the pay. I feel like it’s my best option with a crj major if I want to be compensated well.
How can I earn money from a secret email system?
What are the accomplishments that pilots are most proud of during their careers?
How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? I like my job and don’t have any skills or a degree. I live in Texas and I have worked there for five years at a senior retirement home.
The building on the left of my own is undergoing an upgrading. There are a team of bricklayers who have built a tall scaffolding, secured it with nets to prevent anything falling off, added more scaffolding all around the roof, added more nets, and now are going to remove the tiles, lay an insulating layer, and place new tiles. The building is ten storeys high, so they are working at quite a bit of height. For this reason, each worker must wear a hard had, wear protective boots and gloves, and has a harness with a lifeline, so that if they fall they will not crash to the ground. Besides, like  

How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? Because of conservatives, starting with Reagan conservatives. When Ronald Reagan took office, he worked hard to tear down employee protections, dismantle fair labor relations boards, and pass “employment at will” laws that allow employers to fire employees for almost any reason. For more than 40 years, American conservatives fought their asses off to pass these laws everywhere. “Free market!” they said. “Free market! No government interference in employer hiring and firing decisions! Free market! Free market! Get the government out of busine 

Do you know what at will employment is? That's what we have in Texas. That's what conservatives in Texas fought for and accomplished. They lied and lied and lied about how necessary it was for a business friendly state. They lied and lied and lied about how it was a “conservative" position because it was " business friendly.” They just didn't tell you who they were giving your rights to. They didn't tell you they weren't protecting YOUR rights, but the “rights" of non-human business entities. So you have none left. You gave them all away. You let liars lie and lie and lie to you that it was the Dem 

Your employer has a legal (and moral) obligation to provide a safe environment for all of his employees. He is ultimately responsible for the safety, health and welfare for each person in his/her charge while they are performing their duties. Would you expect your employer to allow an employee to rise from their desk, put on a blindfold, turn around 3 times and then fire a pistol in whatever direction they were facing? That would be nuts! Someone could die if this were allowed. I presume that the retirement home where you work has a kitchen that serves the residents. Would it be ok with you if t 

How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? I like my job and don’t have any skills or a degree. I live in Texas and I have worked there for five years at a senior retirement home. I like to dig into the background of questions like this to see who could write such a question and maybe suss out why. Sometimes they come from Quora’s self-inflicted blight, the question-generators who get paid for writing questions that draw lots of answers. That usually means that clever people with no integrity are paid to come up with questions designed to irritate people. Others are hopelessly self 

This question keeps coming up, almost troll like. The same “freedom” “merica” loving crowd that stormed the Capitol keep giving OUR non 2A rights away then complain when they..not the others..get hurt. You live in a regressive right to work state. You would see that if you had electrical power. You most likely voted for Trump. One of Trump’s first acts as POTUS was to deregulate the nursing home industry so your Bosses could make more money. And you less. Unskilled and no degree? Stop watching Mike Rowe too. The reason nursing home care is an abomination is because they hire people with skill set 

OK then guess what. Your employer has an obligation to have a safe place for their residents. You want to be free to risk the lives of the residents? Your employer isn’t going to go there. How can they do it? Easy. Texas is an at will state. An employer can fire you because they don’t like the way you tie your shoes. The GOP got in there and have essentially removed ALL protections for workers. So your employer can fire you for any little thing. This isn’t a little thing. You want to be free to risk the life of the seniors who live there? That would put their business at risk if one of their r 

Your employer has a legal duty of care to his staff and clients.Your employer has the absolute right to vary the terms of your contract, with appropriate notice.Your employer will take legal advice, usually from the firm providing his liability insurance.Your employer will vary your contract in line with that legal advice.It is entirely up to you weather you continue to work for him under the new terms.Let’s say your boss didn’t heed the insurers advice, let’s say one of his clients had a communicable disease that your boss knew about but took no steps to protect you from and you got infe 

I’m English and even I can answer this. You have the right not to get vaccinated just as your boss has the right to fire you without reason and without notice. He/she also has the legal and moral obligation, to protect everyone he/she employs, from harm. You have a right to put yourself at risk but you don’t have the right to put those around you at risk. Not to mention the fact that you work at a retirement home! The elderly are particularly vunerable…that’s why they’re getting vaccinated before everyone else. The vast majority of Covid deaths have been the elderly. Also, what is your boss go 

Nobody can force anyone to get a vaccine that’s not FDA approved (vaccines are licensed for use through emergency use authorization not FDA approval). So that’s not exactly what you’re employer is doing. What you’re employer is likely doing is telling you that they’re going to fire anyone who isn’t vaccinated. The distinction might not seem all that different to you but it’s the difference between something that’s legal and something that isn’t. Legal - firing people for any reason without cause including not getting a vaccine. You can thank Republicans for employment at will. Illegal - forcing s 

Why is Prince Harry becoming the Chief Impact officer at BetterUp?
I can only guess they have employed him because he is good for advertising purposes. His name and title will look impressive in their promotional literature. Other than that Harry is about as much use as a chocolate fireguard. Other people have always done the groundwork, prepared the way, carried out all the research, rallied around supporting Harry. He has been the figurehead along with his brother and his sister in law in a campaign to raise awareness about mental health and get people to be able to speak up about it. Both he and William have been open about the affects their mother’s death  

Why? Because of his title and apparently BetterUp thinks the PR coming from using him in their material will be worth it. He has NO qualifications, no degree, no experience providing counseling, no training, and if what his wife said is true, could not even get her help because he was too embarassed to ask. BetterUp also said Harry was to be involved with all aspects of designing and improving their app — did Harry learn to code during lockdown? Well at least that is a marketable skill. The fact Harry is on their website as Prince Harry The Duke of Sussex is a clear indication that ‘just call me 

I think it’s WONDERFUL, as usual they are being blessed beyond measure…. YET AGAIN !!!! Prince Harry and Meghan are hard-working and are being rewarded for their hard work and commitment to helping others…… There’s no amount of extreme wickedness that can deter them as long as their hearts are geared towards helping others… BRAVO !! Prince Harry, I guess you’re not to dim after all, especially when you been exalted above the naysayers.. .. You can’t keep good people down….. 361 views · View upvotes32Angelina Puligadda, studied at Lehigh University (2001)Answered March 24, 2021 · Author has 154 answers and 611.4K answer viewsOriginally Answered: Why did Prince Harry take on a new job title of Chief Impact officer at BetterUp?

While applaud him for accepting a job to try and make himself a living, I doubt this is more than a ceremonial position. He has no professional qualifications to be working in the field of mental health. He’s more a token image of getting mental health for himself in dealing with his late mother’s death. (Let’s just ignore the fact that he admitted that he was too embarrassed to try and help his wife get help.) Also I thought that he and his wife were starting up Archewell Productions. Shouldn’t that be a full-time job? So really I think Betterup just bought themselves a spokesperson and publi 

Good morning Nami Anzu, I love your Asian name! I have to reply in English I am afraid, as I do not write in your language - - - though I could respond in Welsh, French, Latin, Greek, or Hebrew if you prefer. I am glad Harry has a job in USA. I hope Harry and Meghan settle in America. I trust they return to normal. I hope they are happy. Bless you Nami Anzu,  This is me, old, ugly and 80. The other one is a grandchild. Keith Stevenson 344 views · View upvotes · Answer requested by Nami Anzu Hanamura (奈美 杏 花村)22Sponsored by ATP Personal Training Hong Kong5 easy tips to control your appetite and lose weight naturally.Try these tips if you feel like eating more and more even when you’ve just finished eating a meal.Read MoreNana SandiegoAnswered March 24, 2021 · Author has 4.3K answers and 1.1M answer views

My experience with pairings such as this is that the high-profile person is a face and a name which aids the company in elevating itself to a greater level of industry awareness. Back during the rise of Enron, a tier one football veteran was trotted out to our agency as Enron courted us. I was baffled, as this individual had no background in energy, and his college studies were so far in the past as to make them irrelevant. My conclusion was Enron was using him to plant stars in the eyes of the execs who would be making the decision. The ploy was sniffed out, and our execs kept their pens in t 

What can the startup company BetterUp accomplish with Prince Harry as its Chief Impact officer? (Answered 24 March 2021) PUBLICITY! From the Wall Street Journal: “I intend to help create impact in people’s lives,” Prince Harry said in an emailed response to questions about why he’s taking the job. “Proactive coaching provides endless possibilities for personal development, increased awareness, and an all-round better life.” In the BetterUp position, Prince Harry is expected to have input into initiatives including product strategy decisions and charitable contributions, and advocate publicly on to 

I don’t know his precise motivation, but mental health issues have long been something he has focused on so this company would be a pretty good fit for him. Also implicit in the question is why the company is appointing him. I don’t know what an Impact Officer does (except perhaps in a company which assesses how vehicles perform in collisions) but perhaps they are hoping that someone well known will help them make contacts and get their message across. All in all, it sounds to me one of the most positive messages we’ve heard about Harry for a while. 111 views · Answer requested by Soraya Johnson1Jenna Kay White, Lifelong learner of human nature.  Work in progress.Answered March 24, 2021

PR nonsense. He isn’t employed as Harry Mountbatten-Windsor but Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex. It seems the firm values name-dropping over employee excellence in terms of their credentials and ability to bring something useful to the firm and clients. I think employing an individual who has no credible credentials whatsoever in a front-line position promoting mental wellbeing to be unethical at worse and a gimmick (short-lived when they find out he has nothing useful whatsoever to contribute). 138 views · View upvotes7Arturo Banderas, PhD Skepticism, The University of Texas at Austin (2012)Answered March 24, 2021 · Author has 549 answers and 185.8K answer viewsOriginally Answered: What are your thoughts on Prince Harry being named as the chief impact officer of BetterUp Inc, a San Francisco-based company that provides mental health assistance?

There are undoubtedly many candidates more qualified for a new job as a tech exec. In all likelihood, Prince Harry is only being considered for the position because of his status. A transparent demonstration of elitism. But that’s what the British Royal Family is all about - undeserved status and privilege. If you object to Harry’s new job, you must object to the British monarchy in its entirety. Anything less would be hypocritical. 312 views · View upvotes1Michael GallagherAnswered March 24, 2021 · Author has 351 answers and 400K answer viewsOriginally Answered: Why did Prince Harry take on a new job title of Chief Impact officer at BetterUp?

How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? I like my job and don’t have any skills or a degree. I live in Texas and I have worked there for five years at a senior retirement home.
The building on the left of my own is undergoing an upgrading. There are a team of bricklayers who have built a tall scaffolding, secured it with nets to prevent anything falling off, added more scaffolding all around the roof, added more nets, and now are going to remove the tiles, lay an insulating layer, and place new tiles. The building is ten storeys high, so they are working at quite a bit of height. For this reason, each worker must wear a hard had, wear protective boots and gloves, and has a harness with a lifeline, so that if they fall they will not crash to the ground. Besides, like  

How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? Because of conservatives, starting with Reagan conservatives. When Ronald Reagan took office, he worked hard to tear down employee protections, dismantle fair labor relations boards, and pass “employment at will” laws that allow employers to fire employees for almost any reason. For more than 40 years, American conservatives fought their asses off to pass these laws everywhere. “Free market!” they said. “Free market! No government interference in employer hiring and firing decisions! Free market! Free market! Get the government out of busine 

Do you know what at will employment is? That's what we have in Texas. That's what conservatives in Texas fought for and accomplished. They lied and lied and lied about how necessary it was for a business friendly state. They lied and lied and lied about how it was a “conservative" position because it was " business friendly.” They just didn't tell you who they were giving your rights to. They didn't tell you they weren't protecting YOUR rights, but the “rights" of non-human business entities. So you have none left. You gave them all away. You let liars lie and lie and lie to you that it was the Dem 

Your employer has a legal (and moral) obligation to provide a safe environment for all of his employees. He is ultimately responsible for the safety, health and welfare for each person in his/her charge while they are performing their duties. Would you expect your employer to allow an employee to rise from their desk, put on a blindfold, turn around 3 times and then fire a pistol in whatever direction they were facing? That would be nuts! Someone could die if this were allowed. I presume that the retirement home where you work has a kitchen that serves the residents. Would it be ok with you if t 

How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? I like my job and don’t have any skills or a degree. I live in Texas and I have worked there for five years at a senior retirement home. I like to dig into the background of questions like this to see who could write such a question and maybe suss out why. Sometimes they come from Quora’s self-inflicted blight, the question-generators who get paid for writing questions that draw lots of answers. That usually means that clever people with no integrity are paid to come up with questions designed to irritate people. Others are hopelessly self 

This question keeps coming up, almost troll like. The same “freedom” “merica” loving crowd that stormed the Capitol keep giving OUR non 2A rights away then complain when they..not the others..get hurt. You live in a regressive right to work state. You would see that if you had electrical power. You most likely voted for Trump. One of Trump’s first acts as POTUS was to deregulate the nursing home industry so your Bosses could make more money. And you less. Unskilled and no degree? Stop watching Mike Rowe too. The reason nursing home care is an abomination is because they hire people with skill set 

OK then guess what. Your employer has an obligation to have a safe place for their residents. You want to be free to risk the lives of the residents? Your employer isn’t going to go there. How can they do it? Easy. Texas is an at will state. An employer can fire you because they don’t like the way you tie your shoes. The GOP got in there and have essentially removed ALL protections for workers. So your employer can fire you for any little thing. This isn’t a little thing. You want to be free to risk the life of the seniors who live there? That would put their business at risk if one of their r 

Your employer has a legal duty of care to his staff and clients.Your employer has the absolute right to vary the terms of your contract, with appropriate notice.Your employer will take legal advice, usually from the firm providing his liability insurance.Your employer will vary your contract in line with that legal advice.It is entirely up to you weather you continue to work for him under the new terms.Let’s say your boss didn’t heed the insurers advice, let’s say one of his clients had a communicable disease that your boss knew about but took no steps to protect you from and you got infe 

I’m English and even I can answer this. You have the right not to get vaccinated just as your boss has the right to fire you without reason and without notice. He/she also has the legal and moral obligation, to protect everyone he/she employs, from harm. You have a right to put yourself at risk but you don’t have the right to put those around you at risk. Not to mention the fact that you work at a retirement home! The elderly are particularly vunerable…that’s why they’re getting vaccinated before everyone else. The vast majority of Covid deaths have been the elderly. Also, what is your boss go 

Nobody can force anyone to get a vaccine that’s not FDA approved (vaccines are licensed for use through emergency use authorization not FDA approval). So that’s not exactly what you’re employer is doing. What you’re employer is likely doing is telling you that they’re going to fire anyone who isn’t vaccinated. The distinction might not seem all that different to you but it’s the difference between something that’s legal and something that isn’t. Legal - firing people for any reason without cause including not getting a vaccine. You can thank Republicans for employment at will. Illegal - forcing s 

As an engineer, what is the most "F-that" situation you've had in your career?
How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? I like my job and don’t have any skills or a degree. I live in Texas and I have worked there for five years at a senior retirement home.
The building on the left of my own is undergoing an upgrading. There are a team of bricklayers who have built a tall scaffolding, secured it with nets to prevent anything falling off, added more scaffolding all around the roof, added more nets, and now are going to remove the tiles, lay an insulating layer, and place new tiles. The building is ten storeys high, so they are working at quite a bit of height. For this reason, each worker must wear a hard had, wear protective boots and gloves, and has a harness with a lifeline, so that if they fall they will not crash to the ground. Besides, like  

How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? Because of conservatives, starting with Reagan conservatives. When Ronald Reagan took office, he worked hard to tear down employee protections, dismantle fair labor relations boards, and pass “employment at will” laws that allow employers to fire employees for almost any reason. For more than 40 years, American conservatives fought their asses off to pass these laws everywhere. “Free market!” they said. “Free market! No government interference in employer hiring and firing decisions! Free market! Free market! Get the government out of busine 

Do you know what at will employment is? That's what we have in Texas. That's what conservatives in Texas fought for and accomplished. They lied and lied and lied about how necessary it was for a business friendly state. They lied and lied and lied about how it was a “conservative" position because it was " business friendly.” They just didn't tell you who they were giving your rights to. They didn't tell you they weren't protecting YOUR rights, but the “rights" of non-human business entities. So you have none left. You gave them all away. You let liars lie and lie and lie to you that it was the Dem 

Your employer has a legal (and moral) obligation to provide a safe environment for all of his employees. He is ultimately responsible for the safety, health and welfare for each person in his/her charge while they are performing their duties. Would you expect your employer to allow an employee to rise from their desk, put on a blindfold, turn around 3 times and then fire a pistol in whatever direction they were facing? That would be nuts! Someone could die if this were allowed. I presume that the retirement home where you work has a kitchen that serves the residents. Would it be ok with you if t 

How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? I like my job and don’t have any skills or a degree. I live in Texas and I have worked there for five years at a senior retirement home. I like to dig into the background of questions like this to see who could write such a question and maybe suss out why. Sometimes they come from Quora’s self-inflicted blight, the question-generators who get paid for writing questions that draw lots of answers. That usually means that clever people with no integrity are paid to come up with questions designed to irritate people. Others are hopelessly self 

This question keeps coming up, almost troll like. The same “freedom” “merica” loving crowd that stormed the Capitol keep giving OUR non 2A rights away then complain when they..not the others..get hurt. You live in a regressive right to work state. You would see that if you had electrical power. You most likely voted for Trump. One of Trump’s first acts as POTUS was to deregulate the nursing home industry so your Bosses could make more money. And you less. Unskilled and no degree? Stop watching Mike Rowe too. The reason nursing home care is an abomination is because they hire people with skill set 

OK then guess what. Your employer has an obligation to have a safe place for their residents. You want to be free to risk the lives of the residents? Your employer isn’t going to go there. How can they do it? Easy. Texas is an at will state. An employer can fire you because they don’t like the way you tie your shoes. The GOP got in there and have essentially removed ALL protections for workers. So your employer can fire you for any little thing. This isn’t a little thing. You want to be free to risk the life of the seniors who live there? That would put their business at risk if one of their r 

Your employer has a legal duty of care to his staff and clients.Your employer has the absolute right to vary the terms of your contract, with appropriate notice.Your employer will take legal advice, usually from the firm providing his liability insurance.Your employer will vary your contract in line with that legal advice.It is entirely up to you weather you continue to work for him under the new terms.Let’s say your boss didn’t heed the insurers advice, let’s say one of his clients had a communicable disease that your boss knew about but took no steps to protect you from and you got infe 

I’m English and even I can answer this. You have the right not to get vaccinated just as your boss has the right to fire you without reason and without notice. He/she also has the legal and moral obligation, to protect everyone he/she employs, from harm. You have a right to put yourself at risk but you don’t have the right to put those around you at risk. Not to mention the fact that you work at a retirement home! The elderly are particularly vunerable…that’s why they’re getting vaccinated before everyone else. The vast majority of Covid deaths have been the elderly. Also, what is your boss go 

Nobody can force anyone to get a vaccine that’s not FDA approved (vaccines are licensed for use through emergency use authorization not FDA approval). So that’s not exactly what you’re employer is doing. What you’re employer is likely doing is telling you that they’re going to fire anyone who isn’t vaccinated. The distinction might not seem all that different to you but it’s the difference between something that’s legal and something that isn’t. Legal - firing people for any reason without cause including not getting a vaccine. You can thank Republicans for employment at will. Illegal - forcing s 

The college degree is still needed when it comes to getting high paying jobs. Can I just do a diploma to get a high salary job? How can I plan my career better?
Diplomas and degrees are mainly two types of certifications which comes with a separate level of recognition. Diplomas are mainly short but specifically focused on important terms related to any field. On the other hand, degree courses cover each and every small aspect of the same. Both courses provide certificate which has its own importance. Mainly people with degree get more importance due to the Structure of education system. The degree is a four year course .Degree courses are more expensive than diploma ones but degree holders have a higher job potential and salary packages than diploma De 

To begin with yes!, In some way college degree is indeed needed when it comes to getting high paying jobs.we also realize that there are some expectations, but when it comes to looking at a long term goal career-wise, getting a college degree will be the smartest investment and the reasons why will definitely outweigh, why you should not. so let's talk about, how getting your college degree might help you earn more money versus no college at all. A quick search of this term might tell you that you don't need a degree for certain careers. Just remember there are hundreds if not thousands of care 

Many people know that they want to attend college, but don't know exactly why, or how it will enrich their lives. Below are some of the many benefits of earning a college degree. Make more money. For most people, the ability to earn more money is the driving force behind going to college. A post-secondary degree, whether it is a bachelor's, master's or PhD, is the most common route to careers that demand higher skills and offer higher pay. Benefits for you and your family. Obviously, part of the reasons employment benefits are so important is because they offer stability for your family, especiall 

A diploma is a certificate or deed issued by an educational institution, such as college or university, that testifies that the recipient has successfully completed a particular course of study. The word diploma also refers to an academic award which is given after the completion of study in different courses such as diploma in higher education, diploma in graduation or diploma in post graduation etc. Historically, it can also refer to a charter or official document A degree is a higher education qualification, where you choose a subject area as your major. This offers a well-rounded education. 

A degree is a four year course, while the diploma is a two course. Scholarship program admissions to a degree program are made yearly, while to a diploma course which can be done either yearly or half yearly. Degree courses are more expensive than diploma ones. And because of that, most students wish to pursue degree courses but unfortunately could not due to financial problems. Edoofa helps students with such problems. Students of Edoofa achieve those dreams when they're being offered scholarship. During the scholarship program, Edoofa students gains scholarship credits by the Earn While You  

Regardless of where your are in life, going to college for the first time—or going back to school to expand your education—pays off. According to an August 2018 study by the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS), the unemployment rate for college graduates was just 2.1%, compared to 3.9% for high school graduates and 5.7% for those without a high school diploma. Even in August 2008, during the Great Recession, college grads had a mere 2.8% unemployment rate, compared to 5.8% of high school graduates and 9.7% of those without a high school diploma. Despite the question of whether or not a college deg 

To begin with yes!, In some way college degree is indeed needed when it comes to getting high paying jobs.we also realize that there are some expectations, but when it comes to looking at a long term goal career-wise, getting a college degree will be the smartest investment and the reasons why will definitely outweigh, why you should not. so let's talk about, how getting your college degree might help you earn more money versus no college at all. A quick search of this term might tell you that you don't need a degree for certain careers. Just remember there are hundreds if not thousands of care 

Well, the education system is based on various levels of education. The degree program you offer depend on whether it's a degree in education or basic education. Attaining a diploma certificate can also guarantee the individual with well paid job depending on the field you find yourself but not compared to someone who has a degree. The diploma is short term program that people do to gain some skills in a given field and get you into the work force sooner. Diploma couses also offer basic knowledge about the subject you enroll for. When the individual offer diploma engineering and technical cours 

Diploma are two or one year programs which are offered to interested one, Who is Willing to pursue a Diploma certificate. While, Degrees require a minimum of Four to Five years of full time study. While, looking at the high salary job a diploma holder can get a high pay salary it's depends on their fields of specialisation. Also, many diploma students have been in their occupation for a few years and knows that the right qualifications will escalate pay rise or promotion opportunities. Reasons why diploma holder can get high salary job than degree holder are: Diplomas can be completed in signifi

A college degree is a 4 year course whilst a diploma isa 2 year course.one might notice that if two appointments apply for the same job and with one having a degree and the other a diploma the one with a degree in the eyes of the employer has the greater chance of getting the job.but this does not mean that the one with a diploma should not get a high paying job.that person has to look for the right opportunities.apply for a job to companies that require a person with a diploma.in other companies you can even get a job with only a diploma if you have the expertise to tackle the job at hand.so  

Which is better, a web designer or a web consultant?
How can a woman in her fifties with no college education earn more than minimum wage?
Everywhere I go I see "Help Wanted" signs. None of these jobs pay minimum wage anymore and yet they go unfilled. What's happening?
It was late October, 2006. In order to escape insomnia and burnout from school and a bad family environment, I went to live on a farm in Doylestown, PA, US. I worked for the local Kmart store from 9 - 6pm during the retail season (Nov - Jan). The exact ad I saw on their window right near the entrance was “Help Wanted, Good Pay”.  The minimum at that time was $5.15. (Which in my opinion, was way too low compared to the cost of living in 2006). The position paid $9.25 an hour. I worked as an “Utilities and Receivings” associate. The hiring manager (HR) at the time was Mary Ann. You start off clocki 

In the UK there's 76.000 truck driving vacancies— mostly filled by agency workers, many from E. Europe. My stepfather was a trucker- he drove tippers he was good at it too. My Mum was a Midwife. He smoked heavily and drank too much but never missed a days work. We lived in a nice semi detached bungalow- in a posh bit of a shitty city. Had a new car every few years and an old car too. Holidays and a decent lower middle class lifestyle— even though we are common as muck working class people. I drove trucks too. My own as it happens. I took my test 34 yrs ago. And with four days of lessons and the t 

W.O.W. Privileged answerers unite! I worked these not-minimum-wage jobs. I can tell you exactly why they are not fulfilled and why people working them do not make 50k a year. There is no minimum hour for these jobs. I was hired under the condition that I would be consistently available for work no less than 20 to 25 hours every week. However the most I was scheduled was 12 hours. The least I worked for one week was 4.5 hours, just one half day shift before my employer had to pay for a mandetory lunch break. Those unfulfilled hours I can no longer make available to a second employer, because: The  

For one thing, I doubt that they are much above minimum wage. One trick is to pay slightly above minimum wage in order to seem more generous than they really are. However, I used to work in one of those jobs as manager. Let's compare it to my wife's job. Firstly, my job: I was running around like a headless chicken trying to get things done on time because they chronically understaffed us.I was expected to produce consistently high quality which, to do at the speed they insisted, demanded very high skills.I had two types of shift, and early and a late. If I did an early, I'd lose the evening be

As one of those people who have “help wanted” signs on his door perhaps I can answer: The minimum wage in my state is $7.25. My jobs pay $12.50, a good bit above the minimum. I also sell stuff that a lot of people want and give all of my employees a discount that equates to about my cost on whatever they buy. I promise you between 25 and 35 hours a week, sometimes more. (although I do have one employee right now who only wants to work 10 horus per week and that is ok with since the others get a bit more) Now, what is going wrong? first my business is in an affluent area of town so the younger adu

Those jobs aren't paying enough for the skill they require or the manager gets applicants and feels they do not meet the qualifications. People think they are going to find Jeff Bezos or Elon Musk for low pay. They want too quality employees who dont need any training and will work for low pay. $12 an hour isnt minimum wage, its not really a good living way either. Sometimes time is better spent learning a skill or lounging around and relaxing. Other times you may take the job because its something but its only going to be until you get something better, which will probably only take a month or 

Answer is anecdotal. Take it or leave it. I’ve recently been on the job market—with almost twenty years of academia, five years in my current field, and credentials spanning multiple disciplines, I was routinely getting recruiters contacting me for jobs that paid $50k a year and under. I just passed on a job asking for a full stack developer with at least two years of experience spanning a fairly extensive swathe of the Microsoft stack and multiple degrees…. for $45k a year. I passed on another which offered to pay me $65k a year, but demanded that I be able to relocate at least twice a year and  

Wage is what is called a hygiene factor. Meaning it has to be good enough for a person to take a job. In economics there is also a thing, that is called an utility curve, where people compare sets of options to come to a highest possible curve, that gives them an optimal curve, they will not seek suboptimal circumstances. One comparison can be leisure time versus say wage for hours worked. If a job doesn’t have enough motivating factors such as achievement, responsibility, opportunity to do something meaningful, involvement in decision making, sense of importance, then hours worked for salary w 

How do you know they are going unfilled? How would you define that? Let's first assume they are going unfilled. One reason is they don't wish to pay enough to attract AND keep people. No trick to get people, but it takes more to keep them. A Pappa Johns close to me has its hiring sign out now for nearly a year straight. They pay less than minimum wage. That is to say they pay drivers less because they are considered tipped employees. They start at $2.15 an hour. They are also expected to work in the store when not driving. When they come back to the store they are expected to clock out as a dri 

I cant speak for more urban and developed areas, only from my experience in rural Oklahoma. I've lived by Bartlesville, Mcalester, and now Durant, from the Kansas border to the Texas border. My first job in high school was working at a sonic drive in. The may was minimum but we got to keep our tips, it let me pay insurance on my car, put some money back, and still have enough for a little fun afterwards. I was the intended age group for an entry level position. Everyone above me however was there because it was all they could get. There was something holding them back from higher paying jobs an 

How can small businesses survive with a minimum wage of $15/hr?
I'm not an economist, so I may be missing any amount of minutiae, but this is what I perceive from even my simple understanding of raising minimum costs and shifting from a burden of choice on the employee (to request a higher salary or find better work) to a burden of cost on the employer (who can't decline this 'raise' to their workers and needs to adjust): The small business:Generally, small businesses aren't well-to-do to begin with and many operate on ephemeral margins (or even at losses) for years. Fortunately, they tend not to hire a lot of staff. Unfortunately, each worker may be criti 

Thanks for asking.  Some of my answer will probably be a re-phrasing of some of the points made by other postings but you are correct in your idea that it is not going to be good for small businesses.  However, a complete answer is a complicated dynamic of the forces that drive an economy and not merely a simple proclamation of, "We need to pay these people more money because what they make won't support a family at the poverty level." When anyone stands on a stump and starts proclaiming that the minimum wage needs to be raised, in this instance, to $15 an hour I would be willing to bet that he 

How come people can't see that raising the middle wage to $15 an hour would crush small businesses? The premises have been laid out enough times in this thread, but to repeat: There is no state in the United States where $7.25 an hour for a 40 hour week will allow an independent adult to pay all their bills.Statistically, most people who make minimum wage receive some sort of government subsidy, e.g. food stamps or rent assistance, even if they work full time.So when you talk about keeping the minimum wage low in order to help small businesses, what you’re really asking for is the government to  

When I was born in 1960, the minimum wage in the United States was $1.00. Today that dollar is the equivalent of $8.84 when adjusted for inflation, which is more than the current minimum wage. I started working at the age of 13 (under the table) in 1973, when the minimum wage was $1.60 ($9.43 in today’s money). By 1990 the minimum wage was $3.80, the equivalent of $7.61 today, which means that the minimum wage actually decreased to less than it was in both 1960 and 1973. Ten years later it appeared to increase to $5.15 ($7.82), but was still below what is was when I was born 40 years earlier. In 2 

Knock off the politics people.  The small businesses which are taking advantage of the lower labor to beat the costs will succumb to those which are paying quality staff already above the minimum wage. People act as if you have to hire minimum wage if you're a small businesses. Now that company is dead, the competition is going to have a higher demand for his services, and can hire on some of those lost. Companies can lean out the top heavy salaries. Everyone in the company making over 400K receives 5% less pay, and you could pay all the entry level and retain the same profits and employ more qu 

The question: How can small businesses survive with a minimum wage of $15/hr? Plenty of small businesses currently pay a minimum wage of $15 per hour. It’s not a death sentence to businesses to pay out up to $31,200 per year to each employee, and plenty do it. Indeed, we know this is the case, because we have case studies like Seattle, where they implemented a $15 minimum wage and small business didn’t die and where take-home pay seems to have gone up. So, how can small businesses survive with a minimum wage of $15 per hour? I dunno, the obvious answer seems to be “by not being incompetently run. 

I’ve been involved in small business for over 40 years, as an employee, as a small business President for a company I didn’t own. And as the owner of my own small businesses. I’ve also been hired as a consultant by other business owners in various aspects of their business. I’ve also known and worked with hundreds of other small business owners and discussed business with them. I have made the hiring decisions for literally thousands of employees. And decided how much they would get paid. Interviewed managed fired when necessary. So to say I’ve got a lot of relative experience on this issue is a 

The other answers here have mentioned how it wouldn’t actually crush small businesses and all, but my answer’s going to focus on the other bit. Namely… is it a bad thing if it does? Now I’m a socialist, and one who leans heavily on the libertarian side of things. I am entirely in favour of small independent businesses and I very much dislike large corporations and monopolies. However the reason I am anti-corporation is not just for the sake of being anti-corporation. I am anti-corporation because corporations, when given too much power, always make the lives of workers and the rest of the popula 

Too many people think small business owners make millions and are screwing the workers. There are people who seem to think that if you can’t pay a living wage you shouldn’t have a business. These same people have never owned a business. Most small business like my wife’s franchise do not make and can not make enough to pay 15 an hour. It would come out of her small income that she makes. Now the employees job. Grading papers. How many people here think paying a 16 - 18 year old in school to grade papers is worth 15 an hour. She been working 70 hours plus since COVID with less customers because 

The small business that is flexible to change will adjust. Either prices of goods and services offered will increase OR employee hours will change. The following are examples of businesses I'm connected with in my area and what they're doing in response to a local increase in the minimum wage: Retail boutique with 4 sales people on the floor: One will be let go, the other 3 will have reduced hours and the owner will work more hours. Prices will increase 15% across the board. The hair salon with 7 employees and 6 contractors will reduce the hours of the employees OR recommend that they become con 

If we raise the minimum wage to 15 dollars, how will small businesses react? I'm not saying people don't deserve a living wage, but won't the negatives outweigh the benefits? If we don't raise the minimum wage, then how should we fix the problem?
What would happen if there were no minimum wage laws? Could employers pay whatever they wanted to?
What would happen if there were no minimum wage laws? Could employers pay whatever they wanted to? No, they would still have to pay what people are willing to take. An employer might want to advertise $1 an hour, however if no one is interested in working for $1 an hour people will either pass the offer by or ask for more money. The real problem with minimum wage laws, is that they make it difficult to recover from a crash. The best way to highlight the problem is to look at this article Why High Inflation is Good in a RecessionBecause it allows wages to adjust downward more quickly.https://www.motherjones.com/kevin-drum/2012/04/why-high-inflation-good-recession/ The guy who wrote it says the following In a recession, you’d expect average 

No, not in reality. Once you get beyond minimum wage territory, actual reality sinks in. Min wage is simply a floor amount, and today is a mandated value. Once to you get above that, it’s entirely supply/demand based. Remove minimum wage laws, and you’re again in supply/demand territory. Let me contrast ditch diggers (manual labor) to, say, programmers. The supply of ditch diggers is enormous. Literally anyone with a stout back can dig ditches. Even a programmer can dig. That supply is increasing every day we get illegals come across the border, and high school kids wanting to enter the workforc 

Not immediately. For a little while we would have some momentum keeping wages near-stable. People would take it for a typo, or an insult,, and look elsewhere.. After a little while employers would start trying to push it; offering /just slightly/ lower pay. I've had enough conversations on here with people who think they're good bosses to bad employees to know that what WILL happen all at once is that currently employed minimum-wagers will receive an immediate pay cut to better reflect what their boss thinks they're actually worth (spoiler: you're actually just a crappy boss and they're all re 

No. And I can prove that easily. Does every worker in the country make minimum wage? No. Most workers make more than that. Why? Why do companies pay most workers more than minimum wage when there is no law requiring them to do so? Because of competition. If company A offers more money than company B, then (all else being equal) workers will take jobs with company A and not company B, and company B will have difficulty hiring qualified workers. By “all else being equal”, I mean a worker may take a lower-paying job because they believe it’s better in some other way, from “better benefits” to “bet 

So by your question, you believe that there is no job in America anywhere that pays more than the legislated minimum wage? How much do you make? Is it more than the legislated minimum wage? So, how is it that your own paycheck prove the fallacy of that narrative? If employers would never pay more than they are forced to by law, than how is it that your employer pays you more than what they are legally obligated to pay minimum? Now, maybe you are in a union that provides that coercive force to extort more on your behalf from your employer than the government extorts on your behalf. But that is s 

Using BLS statistics from 2018, 434,000 people earned exactly the minimum wage, and 25 million earned above the minimum wage but less than $10.10 per hour. This suggests that the minimum wage is not a binding constraint in most cases, in other words the 434,000 minimum wage workers would not earn less—or much less—if there were no minimum wage law. If the minimum wage were a binding constraint we’d expect to see lots of workers “piled up” at exactly that wage. https://www.bls.gov/opub/reports/minimum-wage/2018/pdf/home.pdf This suggests that employers would not pay less, or much less, in most cases if the minimum wage were 

Yes…That is what the market would demand… But if the employer did not pay enough…no one would work for them…at least for very long… It is true if they were desperate they would accept lower pay…Illegals in the US will do this and drive wages down…It is why many folks from both sides accept illegals as employees…plus it’s illegal for an employer to ask if someone is illegal… But these desperate folks would stay just long enough to acquire marketable skills (assuming they had none and thus were not in demand) and soon would apply for more money at other employers that actually paid better…Then thos 

What would happen if there were no minimum wage laws? Could employers pay whatever they wanted to? Yes and - it already exists Right now we have a massive influx of people who do not have the proper documents required to work in the U S They are allowed in due to the U S having an immigration policy that is not even close to the rest of the developed world’s policy The U S has a catch and release inside the boarders policy - It’s like catching mice trying to get into your house in live traps - and then letting them loose in the house. These people have no way to feed or clothe themselves, and have n 

Original Q: What would happen if there were no minimum wage laws? Could employers pay whatever they wanted to? It happens now since it is a very small percentage of the working population that is restricted to minimum wage - employers need to pay the cost determined by the competitive labour market, balancing their cost of doing business and fiscal bottom line expectations. If an employer offers $16.00/hr and their direct competitor is paying $16.50, the first employer will not be attracting the best staff, or those who don’t care what they get paid from the outset. In our area, minimum wage is $ 

If there was no minimum wage, and no social welfare programs, employers would pay just enough for replaceable employees to survive as long as they were useful to them. “But employers are already paying less than a living wage.” If one considers what working poor looks like in 2021 this is true. If one considers the social safety nets, various programs, and compare the condition of the working poor to the historical position of the working poor it’s debatable. Desperate people who need food and a bed will work for food and a bed in pretty poor conditions. Look at the historical work houses. The p 

Why does the minimum wage continue to be so divisive?
Misinformation and propaganda against the minimum wage creates opposition to the minimum wage. The most common arguments against increasing the wage to a living wage have been PROVEN to be false by recent history, and the long history of previous minimum wage increases. Understand that every single benefit to the working class had to be implemented against the wishes of business. Either by government mandate or union negotiation. The 40 hour work week. Overtime pay. Paid sick or vacation days (still not required in the US FTR) the end of child labor, safety for workers etc were all implemented a 

The minimum wage is a political football that is designed to be divisive by the Democrats. It is always a mistake for the government to interfere in setting wages. Such interference increases poverty. Businesses have a required minimum return on investment for their investors. If they make less profit they will not make the required return, investors will take their money elsewhere and the business will fail. Therefore, if the government interferes in their wages they will downsize their workforce. For a particular job at a particular place and time wages are always determined by the intersectio 

It is the appalling economic ignorance of the average American that contributes to the divisiveness of our minimum wage policies in the US. If we were to become more economically literate in the US, we would understand one very basic, and obvious, reality. That reality is that when the Working Class has more money, they spend it. And it is Working Class spending that powers economic expansion, job creation, and increasing standards of living. Yet amazingly, when our “leadership” tells us that cutting taxes for the rich will result in those things, we believe it. We believe it even though after 4 

It’s a combination of ridiculous ignorance, a hatred of people who are successful, and a utopian mythology of socialistic belief that has failed around the entire world. The Bible warns: “For the time will come when people will not put up with sound doctrine. Instead, to suit their own desires, they will gather around them a great number of teachers to say what their itching ears want to hear.” You can read that in the book of 2 Timothy Chapter 4. The bottom line is that people want the minimum wage to ‘get the rich’ and ‘help the poor’, and ignore the economics. They want it to be true. This is why 

The economically illiterate think the minimum wage is a good idea and politicians can get votes from posturing about raising it. Right now there are really nice people with great business ideas that are looking for people to help them make those businesses successful. There are people who would be glad for those jobs and could be getting in on the ground floor and at least building valuable experience. The minimum wage is there to prevent that from happening. Somewhere there is someone working at a job that is both terrible and low paying, with a horrible boss. The minimum wage is there to try a 

Because some people think emotionally and some people think rationally. Some people insist on believing in economic perpetual motion machines and magic money trees. Some people understand math, physics, and reality. And when you explain reason and reality to the emotional thinkers and tell them there is no such thing as an economic perpetual motion machine, they call you names because you’re raining on their pretend parade. In the realm of physics rational thinking finally triumphed over emotional thinkers believing in perpetual motion machines when Thermodynamics finally killed such belief in  

“Why does the minimum wage continue to be so divisive?” It’s proponents get to claim to be all caring and wanting only the best for the less fortunate, thus looking like heroes. Those who know the destructive nature of the minimum wage laws are then demeaned as “selfish”, “uncaring”, and “malicious”. Abusive capitalists who want to exploit others for their own profit. The subject is divisive because that is the only way for those who want it to win. If those who supported minimum wage laws had to argue based on real economic and social effects of those laws, they would have to then admit those law 

Because in most of the US it is legal slavery in plain sight, with a controlling class and an underclass. In select parts of the US you can own a house and live on minimum wage, and in the larger population it is racist by group numbers, usurious, and the endgame of supposed capitalism: the current number of people in our free country below, at, or near poverty level is over 100,000,000 low income and/or jobless, and a small controlling group with most of the wealth. The functional economic and psychological human condition currently is despair, with few ways out or up. Minimum wage is simply  

I am a sole proprietor; I own a business but have no employees. It’s in my best interest to keep the minimum wage low. It makes things cheaper for me to buy. It would be in the best interest of a restaurant owner to keep the minimum wage low. It would be in the best interest of the dishwashers, line cooks, servers, etc. to raise the minimum wage. I have mixed feelings about it. I want my family to live in a decent society. It’s not fair that people should have to work 2 jobs to be able to afford a decent life or support a family. But should someone with little education and no special skills should 

“…Why does the minimum wage continue to be so divisive? “ Because so few people understand the racist origins of the idea. And it is even more entertaining when you discover that the party brought you the KKK is still promoting the idea today but managed to convince you it's a good thing that it still exists. 1.5K views · View upvotes · Answer requested by Gerald Matanda806Walt Nicholes, Retired from commercial workAnswered March 4, 2021 · Author has 7K answers and 2.5M answer views

My teacher claims that if restaurant owners raise food prices when the minimum wage increases, they’re doing it because they're greedy, not because of the minimum wage increasing. Is he right or wrong?
There is a reason your teacher is teaching. The average restaurant has a profit margin of about 3–5%. To give you a sense of scale, if you were to gross $1 million per year (less than $2,800 in sales per day), your profit is an underwhelming $30,000-$50,000 per year. Keep this figure in mind. It is very low. It’s why so many restaurants have a hard time staying in business. I mean, if you want to start a restaurant as a business, you’re better off putting the money into government bonds. (If you’re very good at restaurant management, you can make a modest profit—but still on par with mutual fund 

(Sorry for my english, I m’ french man.) I believe that teacher is an ideologist/propagandist, he’s narrowminded (same thing very often).He’s a teacher, he gets payed even if he does bad courses, and says stupid things (yes, I’m avoiding to say he’s stupid, not a presonal issue). I will not react better than those who already did. Thus I will do otherwise. You know Mr. Keating ? Most of the people who reacted simply think in terms of macroeconomy … or simply basic calculations : costs/incomes. Wages versus Prices. And YES, when YOU are running a business, the money you gain is WHAT makes you eat 

There is a problem in Capitalism. Perceived interest of each individual capitalist destroy Capitalist systems if all of them achieve there perceive interest. Each Capitalist want to reduce there labor expenses. Each Capitalist want to get as much of profit as possible. Each Capitalist want to accumulate as much wealth as possible. But what will happened if they achieve that? If each capitalist reduce there workers wages, there workers will have less money to buy what Capitalists produce. Suddenly Capitalist profit drop, as no one buying what they produce, workers simple do not have money. Now, ever 

“My teacher claims that if restaurant owners raise food prices when the minimum wage increases, they’re doing it because they're greedy, not because of the minimum wage increasing. Is he right or wrong?” He is wrong. Economic theory, and the most basic common sense about how people behave, agree. You can assume restaurant owners are greedy. They want to make as good a living out of their restaurant as they can. Wouldn’t you? Restaurant owners already charge as much as their customers are willing to pay. Why would they charge less? If the minimum wage goes up, the restaurant owner will have to pay 

The American restaurant industry is brutal: in addition to it being fairly expensive to operate a restaurant, competition is intense and even today’s success story can be shuttered next year when it’s no longer fashionable. As many as 90% of independent (i.e., non-chain) restaurants fail within 12 months of opening, and of those that survive, 70% shut their doors within 5 years. And even if you’re surviving, you’re generally not getting rich: most restaurants have profit margins of 5% or less, which is to say that there’s not a lot of fat on those bones, and most owners bring home less than $1 

We can debate until the cows come home whether someone is greedy. The real issue, and I suspect what your teacher was getting at, is whether increasing prices is necessary due to an increase in minimum wage. Your teacher seems to believe it is not, which I personally agree with, because higher minimum wage means, among other things, more purchasing power for more people, and thus the restaurant industry should see its fair share of increased sales to offset increased costs. (That is, GDP (gross domestic product, i.e., the “monetary value of all finished goods and services made within a country 

Well, he’s essentially right, but he’s trying to fool you with charged language and a false dichotomy. Restaurant owners will indeed raise prices because they are greedy and because of the minimum wage rising. Business owners are - and should be - greedy. They have a duty to their investors to be. “Greedy” is a term designed to evoke a visceral negative reaction. One that’s rooted in the fairy tales of your childhood. Ebenezer Scrooge comes to mind so automatically you’re not aware that you’re being manipulated. In the adult world of global commerce, we call it “maximizing profit”, not “being gree 

The people who say it’ll double the cost of the food at the restaurant are wrong. The people who say it’ll have no effect on a restaurant’s costs are also wrong but also maybe a little more right. A typical fast food joint pays about 20% in store sales in wages. So let’s just play out a little hypothetical scenario. The average worker is getting 7.50/hr. Suddenly the minimum wage is 15. The joint’s wages were 20x are now 30x. If the joint is to continue with the exact same sales numbers (same number of burgers and same number of sodas) and have the exact same profit then the five dollar burger no 

If people would be willing to pay more for the food, then the restaurant would raise prices whether wages were raised or not. If raising prices causes a loss of customers, then the restaurant would have to weigh the extra income from the price increase against the loss from having fewer customers, but would also have to consider that less food would need to be served. It would come down to which way was more profitable. If the minimum wage increases, and you live somewhere where restaurant staff gets paid so little that the owners would have to increase pay, then what I said above would still h 

Your teacher is an ideologue and either doesn’t know what they arr talking about or is outright lying to you. The reality is that the scenario as stated is far too complex for a simple if a then b analysis. So we assume that the statutory minimum wage is rising from x to y and in response restraunteurs raise their food prices. Why might that be happening? Well it is absolutely true that it is possible that they in aggregate could absorb the hit while remaining profitable enough to continue the business but that is hardly the only possible reason they may be doing it. It could be that not raising  

Everywhere I go I see "Help Wanted" signs. None of these jobs pay minimum wage anymore and yet they go unfilled. What's happening?
It was late October, 2006. In order to escape insomnia and burnout from school and a bad family environment, I went to live on a farm in Doylestown, PA, US. I worked for the local Kmart store from 9 - 6pm during the retail season (Nov - Jan). The exact ad I saw on their window right near the entrance was “Help Wanted, Good Pay”.  The minimum at that time was $5.15. (Which in my opinion, was way too low compared to the cost of living in 2006). The position paid $9.25 an hour. I worked as an “Utilities and Receivings” associate. The hiring manager (HR) at the time was Mary Ann. You start off clocki 

In the UK there's 76.000 truck driving vacancies— mostly filled by agency workers, many from E. Europe. My stepfather was a trucker- he drove tippers he was good at it too. My Mum was a Midwife. He smoked heavily and drank too much but never missed a days work. We lived in a nice semi detached bungalow- in a posh bit of a shitty city. Had a new car every few years and an old car too. Holidays and a decent lower middle class lifestyle— even though we are common as muck working class people. I drove trucks too. My own as it happens. I took my test 34 yrs ago. And with four days of lessons and the t 

W.O.W. Privileged answerers unite! I worked these not-minimum-wage jobs. I can tell you exactly why they are not fulfilled and why people working them do not make 50k a year. There is no minimum hour for these jobs. I was hired under the condition that I would be consistently available for work no less than 20 to 25 hours every week. However the most I was scheduled was 12 hours. The least I worked for one week was 4.5 hours, just one half day shift before my employer had to pay for a mandetory lunch break. Those unfulfilled hours I can no longer make available to a second employer, because: The  

For one thing, I doubt that they are much above minimum wage. One trick is to pay slightly above minimum wage in order to seem more generous than they really are. However, I used to work in one of those jobs as manager. Let's compare it to my wife's job. Firstly, my job: I was running around like a headless chicken trying to get things done on time because they chronically understaffed us.I was expected to produce consistently high quality which, to do at the speed they insisted, demanded very high skills.I had two types of shift, and early and a late. If I did an early, I'd lose the evening be

As one of those people who have “help wanted” signs on his door perhaps I can answer: The minimum wage in my state is $7.25. My jobs pay $12.50, a good bit above the minimum. I also sell stuff that a lot of people want and give all of my employees a discount that equates to about my cost on whatever they buy. I promise you between 25 and 35 hours a week, sometimes more. (although I do have one employee right now who only wants to work 10 horus per week and that is ok with since the others get a bit more) Now, what is going wrong? first my business is in an affluent area of town so the younger adu

Those jobs aren't paying enough for the skill they require or the manager gets applicants and feels they do not meet the qualifications. People think they are going to find Jeff Bezos or Elon Musk for low pay. They want too quality employees who dont need any training and will work for low pay. $12 an hour isnt minimum wage, its not really a good living way either. Sometimes time is better spent learning a skill or lounging around and relaxing. Other times you may take the job because its something but its only going to be until you get something better, which will probably only take a month or 

Answer is anecdotal. Take it or leave it. I’ve recently been on the job market—with almost twenty years of academia, five years in my current field, and credentials spanning multiple disciplines, I was routinely getting recruiters contacting me for jobs that paid $50k a year and under. I just passed on a job asking for a full stack developer with at least two years of experience spanning a fairly extensive swathe of the Microsoft stack and multiple degrees…. for $45k a year. I passed on another which offered to pay me $65k a year, but demanded that I be able to relocate at least twice a year and  

Wage is what is called a hygiene factor. Meaning it has to be good enough for a person to take a job. In economics there is also a thing, that is called an utility curve, where people compare sets of options to come to a highest possible curve, that gives them an optimal curve, they will not seek suboptimal circumstances. One comparison can be leisure time versus say wage for hours worked. If a job doesn’t have enough motivating factors such as achievement, responsibility, opportunity to do something meaningful, involvement in decision making, sense of importance, then hours worked for salary w 

How do you know they are going unfilled? How would you define that? Let's first assume they are going unfilled. One reason is they don't wish to pay enough to attract AND keep people. No trick to get people, but it takes more to keep them. A Pappa Johns close to me has its hiring sign out now for nearly a year straight. They pay less than minimum wage. That is to say they pay drivers less because they are considered tipped employees. They start at $2.15 an hour. They are also expected to work in the store when not driving. When they come back to the store they are expected to clock out as a dri 

I cant speak for more urban and developed areas, only from my experience in rural Oklahoma. I've lived by Bartlesville, Mcalester, and now Durant, from the Kansas border to the Texas border. My first job in high school was working at a sonic drive in. The may was minimum but we got to keep our tips, it let me pay insurance on my car, put some money back, and still have enough for a little fun afterwards. I was the intended age group for an entry level position. Everyone above me however was there because it was all they could get. There was something holding them back from higher paying jobs an 

Why does the minimum wage continue to be so divisive?
Misinformation and propaganda against the minimum wage creates opposition to the minimum wage. The most common arguments against increasing the wage to a living wage have been PROVEN to be false by recent history, and the long history of previous minimum wage increases. Understand that every single benefit to the working class had to be implemented against the wishes of business. Either by government mandate or union negotiation. The 40 hour work week. Overtime pay. Paid sick or vacation days (still not required in the US FTR) the end of child labor, safety for workers etc were all implemented a 

The minimum wage is a political football that is designed to be divisive by the Democrats. It is always a mistake for the government to interfere in setting wages. Such interference increases poverty. Businesses have a required minimum return on investment for their investors. If they make less profit they will not make the required return, investors will take their money elsewhere and the business will fail. Therefore, if the government interferes in their wages they will downsize their workforce. For a particular job at a particular place and time wages are always determined by the intersectio 

It is the appalling economic ignorance of the average American that contributes to the divisiveness of our minimum wage policies in the US. If we were to become more economically literate in the US, we would understand one very basic, and obvious, reality. That reality is that when the Working Class has more money, they spend it. And it is Working Class spending that powers economic expansion, job creation, and increasing standards of living. Yet amazingly, when our “leadership” tells us that cutting taxes for the rich will result in those things, we believe it. We believe it even though after 4 

It’s a combination of ridiculous ignorance, a hatred of people who are successful, and a utopian mythology of socialistic belief that has failed around the entire world. The Bible warns: “For the time will come when people will not put up with sound doctrine. Instead, to suit their own desires, they will gather around them a great number of teachers to say what their itching ears want to hear.” You can read that in the book of 2 Timothy Chapter 4. The bottom line is that people want the minimum wage to ‘get the rich’ and ‘help the poor’, and ignore the economics. They want it to be true. This is why 

The economically illiterate think the minimum wage is a good idea and politicians can get votes from posturing about raising it. Right now there are really nice people with great business ideas that are looking for people to help them make those businesses successful. There are people who would be glad for those jobs and could be getting in on the ground floor and at least building valuable experience. The minimum wage is there to prevent that from happening. Somewhere there is someone working at a job that is both terrible and low paying, with a horrible boss. The minimum wage is there to try a 

Because some people think emotionally and some people think rationally. Some people insist on believing in economic perpetual motion machines and magic money trees. Some people understand math, physics, and reality. And when you explain reason and reality to the emotional thinkers and tell them there is no such thing as an economic perpetual motion machine, they call you names because you’re raining on their pretend parade. In the realm of physics rational thinking finally triumphed over emotional thinkers believing in perpetual motion machines when Thermodynamics finally killed such belief in  

“Why does the minimum wage continue to be so divisive?” It’s proponents get to claim to be all caring and wanting only the best for the less fortunate, thus looking like heroes. Those who know the destructive nature of the minimum wage laws are then demeaned as “selfish”, “uncaring”, and “malicious”. Abusive capitalists who want to exploit others for their own profit. The subject is divisive because that is the only way for those who want it to win. If those who supported minimum wage laws had to argue based on real economic and social effects of those laws, they would have to then admit those law 

Because in most of the US it is legal slavery in plain sight, with a controlling class and an underclass. In select parts of the US you can own a house and live on minimum wage, and in the larger population it is racist by group numbers, usurious, and the endgame of supposed capitalism: the current number of people in our free country below, at, or near poverty level is over 100,000,000 low income and/or jobless, and a small controlling group with most of the wealth. The functional economic and psychological human condition currently is despair, with few ways out or up. Minimum wage is simply  

I am a sole proprietor; I own a business but have no employees. It’s in my best interest to keep the minimum wage low. It makes things cheaper for me to buy. It would be in the best interest of a restaurant owner to keep the minimum wage low. It would be in the best interest of the dishwashers, line cooks, servers, etc. to raise the minimum wage. I have mixed feelings about it. I want my family to live in a decent society. It’s not fair that people should have to work 2 jobs to be able to afford a decent life or support a family. But should someone with little education and no special skills should 

“…Why does the minimum wage continue to be so divisive? “ Because so few people understand the racist origins of the idea. And it is even more entertaining when you discover that the party brought you the KKK is still promoting the idea today but managed to convince you it's a good thing that it still exists. 1.5K views · View upvotes · Answer requested by Gerald Matanda806Walt Nicholes, Retired from commercial workAnswered March 4, 2021 · Author has 7K answers and 2.5M answer views

Everywhere I go I see "Help Wanted" signs. None of these jobs pay minimum wage anymore and yet they go unfilled. What's happening?
It was late October, 2006. In order to escape insomnia and burnout from school and a bad family environment, I went to live on a farm in Doylestown, PA, US. I worked for the local Kmart store from 9 - 6pm during the retail season (Nov - Jan). The exact ad I saw on their window right near the entrance was “Help Wanted, Good Pay”.  The minimum at that time was $5.15. (Which in my opinion, was way too low compared to the cost of living in 2006). The position paid $9.25 an hour. I worked as an “Utilities and Receivings” associate. The hiring manager (HR) at the time was Mary Ann. You start off clocki 

In the UK there's 76.000 truck driving vacancies— mostly filled by agency workers, many from E. Europe. My stepfather was a trucker- he drove tippers he was good at it too. My Mum was a Midwife. He smoked heavily and drank too much but never missed a days work. We lived in a nice semi detached bungalow- in a posh bit of a shitty city. Had a new car every few years and an old car too. Holidays and a decent lower middle class lifestyle— even though we are common as muck working class people. I drove trucks too. My own as it happens. I took my test 34 yrs ago. And with four days of lessons and the t 

W.O.W. Privileged answerers unite! I worked these not-minimum-wage jobs. I can tell you exactly why they are not fulfilled and why people working them do not make 50k a year. There is no minimum hour for these jobs. I was hired under the condition that I would be consistently available for work no less than 20 to 25 hours every week. However the most I was scheduled was 12 hours. The least I worked for one week was 4.5 hours, just one half day shift before my employer had to pay for a mandetory lunch break. Those unfulfilled hours I can no longer make available to a second employer, because: The  

For one thing, I doubt that they are much above minimum wage. One trick is to pay slightly above minimum wage in order to seem more generous than they really are. However, I used to work in one of those jobs as manager. Let's compare it to my wife's job. Firstly, my job: I was running around like a headless chicken trying to get things done on time because they chronically understaffed us.I was expected to produce consistently high quality which, to do at the speed they insisted, demanded very high skills.I had two types of shift, and early and a late. If I did an early, I'd lose the evening be

As one of those people who have “help wanted” signs on his door perhaps I can answer: The minimum wage in my state is $7.25. My jobs pay $12.50, a good bit above the minimum. I also sell stuff that a lot of people want and give all of my employees a discount that equates to about my cost on whatever they buy. I promise you between 25 and 35 hours a week, sometimes more. (although I do have one employee right now who only wants to work 10 horus per week and that is ok with since the others get a bit more) Now, what is going wrong? first my business is in an affluent area of town so the younger adu

Those jobs aren't paying enough for the skill they require or the manager gets applicants and feels they do not meet the qualifications. People think they are going to find Jeff Bezos or Elon Musk for low pay. They want too quality employees who dont need any training and will work for low pay. $12 an hour isnt minimum wage, its not really a good living way either. Sometimes time is better spent learning a skill or lounging around and relaxing. Other times you may take the job because its something but its only going to be until you get something better, which will probably only take a month or 

Answer is anecdotal. Take it or leave it. I’ve recently been on the job market—with almost twenty years of academia, five years in my current field, and credentials spanning multiple disciplines, I was routinely getting recruiters contacting me for jobs that paid $50k a year and under. I just passed on a job asking for a full stack developer with at least two years of experience spanning a fairly extensive swathe of the Microsoft stack and multiple degrees…. for $45k a year. I passed on another which offered to pay me $65k a year, but demanded that I be able to relocate at least twice a year and  

Wage is what is called a hygiene factor. Meaning it has to be good enough for a person to take a job. In economics there is also a thing, that is called an utility curve, where people compare sets of options to come to a highest possible curve, that gives them an optimal curve, they will not seek suboptimal circumstances. One comparison can be leisure time versus say wage for hours worked. If a job doesn’t have enough motivating factors such as achievement, responsibility, opportunity to do something meaningful, involvement in decision making, sense of importance, then hours worked for salary w 

How do you know they are going unfilled? How would you define that? Let's first assume they are going unfilled. One reason is they don't wish to pay enough to attract AND keep people. No trick to get people, but it takes more to keep them. A Pappa Johns close to me has its hiring sign out now for nearly a year straight. They pay less than minimum wage. That is to say they pay drivers less because they are considered tipped employees. They start at $2.15 an hour. They are also expected to work in the store when not driving. When they come back to the store they are expected to clock out as a dri 

I cant speak for more urban and developed areas, only from my experience in rural Oklahoma. I've lived by Bartlesville, Mcalester, and now Durant, from the Kansas border to the Texas border. My first job in high school was working at a sonic drive in. The may was minimum but we got to keep our tips, it let me pay insurance on my car, put some money back, and still have enough for a little fun afterwards. I was the intended age group for an entry level position. Everyone above me however was there because it was all they could get. There was something holding them back from higher paying jobs an 

Are the police able to monitor the bank accounts of theft suspects?
When my friend’s bank account started accumulating large sums of money without her knowledge of how and why, she went to the bank manager and showed him her bank statement. They ran an audit on the account and said just continue on as normal and they would get back with her. So she did. This was back in the late 80’s when you paid everything with checks. All of her bills including rent, phone, and credit cards came back with bounced checks. So she went to the bank and angrily asked the same bank manager WTF. Her whole paycheck was in there and now she was in trouble for writing a dozen bad checks,  

Yes. Government can monitor just about anything - read the fine print in bank account info. Stop in your bank for a copy. Your account can be shut down by government under the excuse of “suspicious activity.” How suspicious are you? “ Did you evacuate? When CA wildfires through hundreds of thousands of people into evacuation (some like almost 50,000 still not in permanent housing) the government chose to have banks freeze some bank accounts saying there was a problem with the address. When evacuees were running around like crazy three weeks after Woolsey trying to keep hotel roofs over our heads  

Yes they can, but have to apply to the Crown Court for an injunction. This is known as an Anton Pillar Order, which seizes documents from the bank for Court examination. The Judge can order that the persons be required under Bail to report a Police Station and if they fail to comply can be arrested for contempt of Court. The bank are also served with the Injunction and are required to show all transactions from the date stated on the Order (not the same date as Order was made but to a date going back several years, indeed decades). I should mention that it is not just banks that can be subject to 

Not in Canada. Richards, writing from a different jurisdiction, mentions Anton Pillar orders which do not accomplish this purpose. They are essentially a civil version of a search warrant. Your question engages police investigation of suspected criminal activity. FINTRAC is used in respect of money laundering and I don’t pretend to know its inner mysteries. I know of no readily available means by which police can “monitor the bank accounts of theft suspects”. There is a sweeping power formerly known as a Writ of Assistance which arguably allows a named police officer to do almost anything any ti 

Law enforcement in America has the ability to monitor just about anything with the right probable cause and court order. Monitoring or requesting bank records would go through a court order. So can I just walk into a bank and demand I see John smiths bank account? Absolutely not. If I am investigating a criminal and if I can properly communicate And articulate to a judge why I need to view bank records for this account for this period of time and the reason (probable cause) I think this than yes I can view bank records. Also looking at historical data versus actively monitoring it are two diffe 

All accounts in Every single bank in USA is insured by a government agency, the Federal Deposit Insurance Company. They do routine audits of every bank in USA, the bank has to give them full access to all the account information. If the FDIC sees that there is an account that has suspicious activity, they will warn the bank, and the bank will close the account so that they can maintain their insurance. Without the insurance accounts of consumers would not be protected against loss. So the bank will always acquiesce and shut down the account. After that auditors will examine the account careful 

Yes. The police are capable of doing lots of things which are not strictly legal. But they would not be able to use this information in the ensuing court case unless they do it by a legal process. Intelligence gathering, private conversations, evesdropping are all used. If after finding such information unlegally, they decided to use the information in court, they would get the necessary court order, then demand the record of the transactions and make that part of their legal case . Do not assume that the police are actually malign in this case. I have personal knowledge of an incidence where c 

No, if the person is only a suspect, the police cannot monitor their bank account. Now if the police have proof that the money going into the account is from thefts, then what the police have to do is arrest the suspect and the suspect will either bail out of jail or the judge will keep him in jail if the person is a flight risk. A hearing will be set and depending on what the suspect pleads, guilty or not guilty for it to go to trial. 235 views · Answer requested by Paul Lucy SavagePaul Crowley, Sr. Developer and Business Owner (1997-present)Answered 1 year ago · Author has 4.6K answers and 5.7M answer views

Yes, but in the US they need a warrant. That means they need to swear before a judge that this information is necessary and that they have cause to believe this person’s bank account will have material evidence to convict them of a crime. They cannot simply call up a bank and get information about someone’s account. If someone is getting money from illegal means and depositing it in a bank, they will eventually find it. Putting such money in a bank is stupid and it will get you caught. Also, the IRS will find it and charge you with tax evasion. They never charged Al Capone with murder or theft b 

In the UK the information would be protected under the Data Protection Act, so the short answer is no. In the longer term if the Police have suspicions a bank account is being used for illegal means they could apply to the courts for disclosure of a particular named account, for a particular reason defined in the court authorisation. So in that case yes the Police could. 228 viewsChris Garcia, Executive Management at Fortune 500 Companies (1995-present)Answered 10 months ago · Author has 3.4K answers and 2.9M answer views

I am 18 and my mom wants to take all my money out of my bank account. How do I stop her?
Bare with me, I didn't bother reading most answers here. Your parents cannot take the money from your account if you are 18 if your name is the only name on the account. If they do, file a police report. I don't care if they are your parents. When I was 16 my uncle gave me and my siblings stock In his company he helped found with two other people(it was about to be sold, and this uncle was a bit absent from our lives and wanted to do something nice(laymen terms), we each wound up with just over $17,000, his company, even after being sol, is a pioneer and you probabaly use what he made every day  

When I was about to graduate college, a lot of messed up stuff went down between me and my mom that has virtually destroyed my relationship with her. See, I had some money in two spots: I had a savings account in which bonds that were given to me as a gift when I was a baby were stored and a social security account where money was being placed for me after the death of my late step father until the time that I turned 18. I paid for my own college applications, and when I got accepted and time came to put down a deposit for my dormitory(which was required for freshman at my university) I called m 

The same thing happened to me when I was about 16. My parents took all the money out of my account. It was over $300 and that was all the money I had in the world. I would check the balance every day on the phone. I would check the interest: pennies deposited. That was my birthday money I saved. It was my work money saved from part-time work. And here is the gut-wrencher: they took it without even telling me or asking me! It’s a terrible feeling to have to go through that. Sure, they pay for the roof over my head. They pay for the food and for my clothes, most of them. But when you are a teenag 

There are a number of things you can do however it depends on whether you want to confront your mother or not. Open up a separate bank account that only you are the signatory on and hopefully with an entirely different bank. Rather than congratulating you for your good saving habits your mother (and probably your father also) has decided she wants a huge slice of the pie.Once you have opened up and transferred all the money into your own savings account, then sit down with hopefully both parents and have a discussion on how you may like to contribute towards the household expenses, responsibly 

I know that you’ve gotten a lot of great responses here and hope that you’ve somehow dealt with this issue already but, to add my 2 cent’s worth to this. Since you are 18 years of age, even with a “Joint Account” with your mom, she cannot take the money without your signature. She can’t take anymore than 50% of the account (half) unless you were to sign for your half to go as well. Do NOT sign anything.I don’t know where you are (country wise) but, the laws are that at 18 years of age, your mother would need YOUR consent to take your money at all if your money weren’t in a joint account.If you 

As someone who works for a bank; if the mother name is the only one on the account you cannot withdraw money from the account even if it’s your money. In fact bank employees aren’t allowed legally to released any inform about the account owner unless you are an signer on the account. So even if you were to go in and try to take all the money out; it would not be allowed. Also is the same the other way if you were the only name on the account then the mother could not access your account at all. Bank employees would be legally obligated to not released any information even if it’s your mom ( we  

There is a very important detail missing from this question, and the answers. Do you live at home still? If you still live there, your mom can set rules and expectations. If you choose not to follow them, she can set her expectations for what will happen. That could entail you giving her the money in your bank account, whether she is on the account or not. As I’m pretty sure this question is really do I have to give my mom the money she wants since I won’t follow the house rules, I am going to give you my ordinary solutions for this type of problem: ignore the situation/rules and give her the m

I know the feeling, growing up, my parents took all of my money, birthday money, new year money, savings, working money. Even when I paid for my car and they sold it, the took my money. I never argued with them, or showed them the disappointment I had when they didn’t lift a finger to help me through college. My parents felt they had the RIGHT to do that because they raised me, offered a roof over my head, fed my TV dinners, and purchased my clothing, and transported me to school. Maybe they did, maybe they didn’t. What I’ve learned is, money ALWAYS comes, so fighting with your mom about money i 

This is one very interesting question! The answers aren’t simple! Question: I am 18 and my mom wants to take all my money out of my bank account. How do I stop her? Answer: Try going into the bank with SS Card, Birth certificate and photo id like a drivers license and moving the money. You have nothing to lose to do this. Age 18 is the legal age in some states,, 21 in others. If they wont let you move the money, ask that they put a freeze on the account.Maybe you can take the money out and move it. It depends on HOW the account was created, and the majority age in your state. FinAid | Saving for 

My parents took $1000 out from my account. I was 18. My bank knew my parents. They frequented the place. I had a minor banking account, then I turned 18. I thought that when I turned 18 they couldn't have access to it anymore. I guess I was wrong. I asked them to make the account into a regular student account. They said I needed my parents to sign a paper to change the account. I had some more money in the account from my job, and I didn't want them to take anymore. I drove across town to another branch, and explained them the situation about my parents taking money out and I was over 18. Why  

Wells Fargo Bank (for example) was founded in 1853. Since there were no driver licenses or Social Security cards back then, how did people open an account?
Do soldiers freeze their bank accounts when going overseas?
If you won the lottery and banked with a small bank, would they let a $600 million dollar deposit go into your account?
What would happen if I find $7 million on the street and put it in my bank account? Would I get a call from the bank/police/IRS? Would I have to prove I paid taxes and that the money is mine?
If you found 7 million, the last thing you’d want to do is put it in a bank account, for many of the reasons already posted. Let’s assume it’s all in unmarked, not-exploding-inked 100 dollar bills: it would weigh about 154 pounds and would take up a condensed area of about 7 plastic shopping bags. Each one would look like this:  (source: How Much is One Million US Dollars in Cash (13 pics)) So, multiply by 7. Probably the first thing to do would be count it and hide it in 3 or more different, geographically distant, hard-to-figure-out places that are still accessible to you without too much effort 

As many other have pointed out – don’t go to the bank.(I would also be more scared about the “rightful” owner eventually tracing me, witnesses who saw me pick up the money, surveillance cameras …) A few lines about my experience of banking and their “Know Your Customer” in Sweden: I recieved some money from my old mother (who doesn’t trust banks, so she keep them “in the mattress”), and went to the bank to put the money on my bank account. It was not a big sum, around 30 000 SEK (3 500 $), but the bank refused to accept it. I had to make an appointment in advance. And not more than 10 000 SEK a 

The banking scenario described below refers to a non-US market. It can be presumed that you are not a business ‘big gun’ whose bankers do not undertake this kind of transactions for you. Thus, if you actually found 7 million cash and (unintelligently) tried to deposit it into your bank account, the teller at the counter will summon an operations manager who will proceed to grill you as to what you did and how did you suddenly come into 7M cash (deals? big biz.? stolen?). You’d better have a legitimate paper or e- trail of commercial or legally binding origin to begin explaining. The gift of the  

If you want to have any chance of keeping that much cash, you are going to have to become much more sneaky that you currently are. Let’s assume first off that nobody saw you take the bag(s) of cash from the street, and there was no video footage for the police or FBI/NSA/ATF?Treasury Department to use to trace you to it. Trying to deposit that much into a bank will automatically send alerts to the FBI, and you will be called in for a ‘meeting’ to explain where you got that much cash from. Any amount over $10,000 in cash does that. The best scenario I’ve thought of involves the following: Rent sev

Putting the money in your bank account is a very bad idea. You'll trigger an immediate investigation by the bank (and by authorities), and you'll have done nothing to deal with the fact that somebody is going to want their money back. Instead, go straight to the cops. Advise that you have found this money and wish to hand it in in case someone comes to claim it. Bring a lawyer in case they want to discuss your background, and tell them the truth as far as you can. In most cases, if nobody claims it within a certain timeframe, then the money is yours as the finder - and crucially, it's now compl 

You wouldn’t be able to, the bank would be required to ask questions you can’t answer. Don’t let anyone see you take the money, if you do that successfully, keep it in cash spread over a few safe, dry, fire-proof locations. Keep your day job, start slowly ramping up retirement contributions to the absolute maximum, provided you income can support it. Also contribute the max to a ROTH IRA. All told you’ll be effectively laundering $22k+ per year for your eventual retirement.Spend the rest of your day-job money on housing, groceries (even if you don’t use them), bills, clothes (even if you don’t 

You can’t do that, it’s not that simple. Bank will report it, as others have said, and you’ll have serious trouble. At the very best, you didn’t pay tax on it, at worst it’s a product of illegal activity. A certain amount you can legalize by just spending black money and saving legal money assuming you have a job, but this is a low amount and if done a lot can raise warning flags. Turning black money into clean money is an artform called money laundering. It can be done easily and safely if you’re comfortable with giving the state roughly half. In fact some countries have offered people basical 

Yes… all of them.. and you will be tried for keeping something that is not yours… This is called “Finder’s” responsibilities. If you find a car key.. what would you do… or a Credit Card or a piece of jewelery… !!! The same applies to Cash. Now the basic difference is Cash does not have any name on it of the holder… so it is easier to keep and use. Now, how would you go about using that much of cash would seriously be challenging. I have always thought of all those people who have been caught with huge stock piles of cash …”Why they don't spend it on their fun or give to other as help…” The answe 

If you find any money in the street in the United Kingdom, you are legally required to make an effort to find the true owner and to return it, otherwise keeping it is theft. In practice you can take it to a police station where the rightful owner can collect it. If it remains unclaimed for six months, it is yours. In practice, if the amount concerned is small, nobody will care whether your pocket it or not. Now to the question of $7 million. I did a few calculations: assuming that banknote paper has the weight per unit area as computer printing paper (80 grams per square metre), then $7 in $100 

You would be immediately visited by federal law enforcement, the money impounded, and you will be questioned and thoroughly investigated. A cash deposit of that size (or many smaller deposits that add up to a lot) sets off a whole lot of alarm bells because it’s generally something associated with a crime. More importantly, it would be a crime — the money is not yours to keep. The appropriate procedure would be to bring the money to the police, stating that you found it, the full circumstances of where and when, and your intention to claim it after 30 days (or whatever applies in your state) if  

How do people steal money from people's bank accounts, deposit them in other bank accounts, and not get caught?
I had an employee do this - €47,000! My company turnover was around US$6m, around 25 employees at the time. The thief was Mary, a highly trusted employee, had been with the company for five years. She started in mid-level management, and was promoted for her excellent work to General Manager, salary of €90k (about US$120k in 2014). When I took long absences from work (eg, six months), she ran the company, and did well. 1.5 years into Mary’s tenure, we relocated the business from Australia to the Netherlands, and Mary was instrumental to making such a complicated move work well. Three years in to  

How do people steal money from people's bank accounts, deposit them in other bank accounts, and not get caught? People are more careful with credit card numbers than bank account numbers, because they assume that a thief needs their signature to withdraw money from their bank account. But, this isn’t true. All a thief needs is your bank account number and the bank routing number to drain your bank account using a “demand draft”. A signature is not needed. In most cases, the thief will get caught. There is always a trail for the transactions. Banks have cameras everywhere. ATMs have cameras. A pho 

Unfortunately, in the US it is extremely easy to do and, contrary to what anybody else tells you, the chances of getting caught are slim. The odds of getting caught directly and inversely correlate to your IQ and knowledge of the system. Those you see on TV that got caught are just the tip of the iceberg. First of all, one only needs two pieces of data to drain your account: account number and name of your bank. With just that data one can create checks to drain your checking account and, sometimes, your money market account. With just that data one can initiate ACH pulls from your account to a 

Sure, but it's also worth noting that the first $250,000 in US bank accounts is FDIC insured. So as long as you have less than $250,000 in your account it will be returned. In terms of how this is done, the answer varies. In most cases, there's not a computer guru rapidly typing on a keyboard. This is simply what Hollywood depicts because actual hacking is not as interesting to watch. But even then, most thefts are not from hackers, but rather phishing schemes. In short, the thief send out hundreds of thousands of emails that appear to be from your bank. Of course they don't know what bank(s) yo 

Stealing it is easy, not getting caught is not so easy. The most common way people steal from others is to get hold of their checks, or debit card and passwords to someone’s account. Statements only come out once a month (not always on the 1st) so if you time it right and don’t completely drain someone’s account it might be 30 days before they start looking for you. You can be a long ways away in that time. Now the hard part. It won’t be the person you stole from looking for you. The bank will make things right with their customer and the bank will be looking for you. All kinds of law enforcem 

The easiest method people use is identity theft. People steal credit card numbers make small purchases getting cash back. Another activity is to buy things as legitimate exspenses and return them for cash. The biggest problem I see is coupon theft. A buisness issues coupons. An employee accepts the coupon but then charges the customer full price for the items. Post dating or predating sales is another tactic. There are ways to steal and never be caught regardless of the measures one has in place. Smart thieves are much more a danger than dumb thieves. Consider the following from a loss prevent 

They get caught! Everything can be traced back to the time, date, hour, minute, microsecond of the transaction. The person who moved the money without consent is stealing. The transaction will be traced from their phone, their computer, another persons phone, another persons computer, etc. There are cell phone towers, signals, location devices, etc. Do not even think about it! I used to work with a lady who is in jail because she tried this. She is in jail in Alabama. She worked in a call center in 2016 - 2018. Do not listen to the devil and his deceitful lies to make you think that you could  

To answer the second part of the question. They get away with it because modern banks do not have the security controls the pretend they have. The one thing modern retail banking has screwed up is HUMAN security procedures. I worked in a medium sized clearing bank (now referred to as retail- because all they do is sell, there is no qualified bank manager any more) between 1980 and 1984, and a retail lender which had a banking arm, between 1984 to 1988. When was in clearing banks the work for each branch was processed by that branch. It was reconciled and “proved” before it left the branch, and th 

Well, I knew a lady who worked pretty high up at a bank. At the time I was hanging out in ghetto’s and living a bad lifestyle and she approached me asking for help with a bank heist. This lady was for all intensive purposes in charge of a branch of Wells Fargo and wanted to transfer thousands of dollars from accounts that had more than a few million. Now we never did it, because to me it sounded like a fantasy lol. But she seemed convinced she could just transfer small somes of money that people wouldn’t notice. The trick is to move 2 thousand dollars from an account with 2 million, just don’t  

The problem here is that they mostly do get caught... unless they transfer the money overseas.  This type of theft is rampant with id theft.  Once a thief can get access to your on line banking, you are toast.  They will write checks to various accounts and bam... money is gone.  By the time anyone does any research on this, the accounts to which the money was transferred to are closed, and the thief has gotten away with it.  The key is to be with the right bank... one which will act in such a way as to protect your interests, not theirs.   10.1K views · View upvotes6Dion Shaw, Author of 50 Ways to Make a Buck or More with part-time jobsAnswered 4 years ago · Author has 18.8K answers and 22.3M answer viewsOriginally Answered: How do people steal money from peoples bank accounts, deposit them in other bank accounts and not get caught?

Is there a legal way to deposit a large sum of cash money into your bank account without the IRS getting involved?
Do bankers treat you differently if your bank account has a large balance?
Oh boy do they! I worked for a year in the City of London in a small investment bank. My job was to make payments to suppliers on behalf of our customers. Not something investment banks normally do, but it paid well so I didn't care. I don't know why we did it and not them, but I guess there was some mechanism in play which meant it was cheaper to pay us to do it. I would get an invoice, confirm with the client and the supplier, cut a cheque, get it countersigned if above a certain amount and send it off to the supplier. Sometimes we would do it electronically, but for record keeping, we would  

Yes. It happened during Pre Gst era during 2015. During those days net banking was not popular so every time if you had to give RTGS/NEFT you had to visit the branch many times in a day. One day I went as my staff had gone for other work and it was urgent. I was sitting in chair and was waiting for my turn as they had strict rules. Person near me who looked like a normal middle class man wanted to ask something but no one was listening to him as all kept ignoring him. He sat there alone and asked where is the manager to the security guard. He said what you want just shut up and be quiet or else I'l 

Yes, but my experience suggests that the bank, regardless of one’s balance, is a larger factor. My story… I graduated college in 1978 and, having taken art and English classes, was suddenly faced with the prospect of having to make a living. As Providence would have it, my grandmother passed away and one of my aunts had the idea to put a pen in her dying hand and signed a codicil to her will granting $20,000 to each grandchild. I now had $20K to do with whatever I wanted. I bought a small truck and put myself through a Vo-Tech program with half of it and saved the rest. I got a manufacturing job 

 Yes. Especially in smaller banks. In the 90s my dad had to move to Northern California to take care of my uncle who was becoming sick. When my dad did this he decided to move a significant sum of money into a local bank (not talking warren buffet money, but a decent sum). Soon after he did this, the branch manager reached out to him to chat with him, and then the bank president. Why did they do this? Banks work under a fractional reserve system which means for every X dollars they take in for deposits they can lend Y dollars out to the public to earn interest on this. So because my father deposit 

Thank you so much for your A2A. I wish to answer this honestly from my point of view of having accounts for the past 20 years at several banks. The Bank I have been with since 2016 has been the best bank of them all (so far) for me. I started out in Savings and Loans because I thought they were better, and my balances were always below $10, even with direct deposits. I got letter after letter after letter from the S&amp;L’s that they could not keep my checking account open. So I went to a commercial named bank that started out okay, but quickly went to heck-warmed-over. I needed a checking account t 

Absolutely. Recently I transferred $1m into my account at my bank temporarily. As soon as I did that, of course then I’m told that I now qualify for higher cash rewards on my Visa, no fees for anything, all the personalized cheques I want and a bunch of things as long as my balance stays over $5,000 month. No problem. But. What I wanted most was - they said I get a free safety deposit box now becasue of my balance and the account types they’ve upgraded me to. This was all done, all this upgrading (over the phone) and they said to just go in to the branch to get the deposit box set up in person. No 

Yes, they do. For security reasons, I maintain accounts with two banks. Both of them are nationalised banks regulated by the Reserve Bank of India. One of them is a large, private sector bank (Bank 1) while the other is not-so-large public sector bank (Bank 2). This is how I treat both of them and how I get treated, in return. Bank 1: How I treat the bank: My savings are credited to this bank.I have my PPF account activated via this bank.I have one of their Credit Cards.I use their FD options which I find super-flexible.How I get treated: Backdoor entry to get cash during demonetisation. (Not talkin

It is not just your balance, but your credit score too. I owned my own business for 30 years. I did not get rich but I made good money. Because my income was erratic, I had a relatively low credit score. I could not get an equity line on my house even though I had over $200,000 equity in it. I could buy a car but I had to pay premium interest. No one ever lost a dime on me, but my payments were not necessarily on time because my income was not regular. Fast forward several years. I retire and close my business. I am now living on about 60% of my previou income but it comes in regularly (SS &amp; my 

A large bank account isn’t the only thing that will make them treat you differently. This is an issue that’s Human Nature, and based on perception. I don’t hack any more, but I still wear the style of clothing that most wore when I started: jeans, t-shirts and hiking boots (“In case a mountain should suddenly spring up in the machine room!”)*. All too often, I’ve been incorrectly labeled “hippy” (personally, I identify more as “Mountain Man”). There’s a distinct difference in the level of initial acceptance between when I wear that style of apparel and a business suit. The first time the differe 

My real incident of the days after I made my first set of few million US dollars, close to a 100 million USD. I had been maintaining a farely low profile untill I hit upon a business idea which lead me into the club where everybody wnats to be your friend and everybody wants an association with you somehow. On this particular day after I had sold off my share in a venture for close to US $93 million, I walked casually into a bank and demanded to open an account. I was dressed casually and walked in wearing flip flops. I must admit the kind of ignorance I recieved inside the bank was on a differ 

When opening a bank account, I put down my citizenship status as "US Citizen" when I am a resident alien. Will I get deported?
What are some lesser known mind blowing facts about the State Bank of India?
People in Quora say joining SBI PO is the biggest mistake of their life, so they quit their jobs as they are not good. Is that true?
Story of my girlfriend December 2018: After one year of Bank exams preparation, she finally cracked SBI. It was quite joyfully period for any graduate, especially having cracked largest PSB in India January 2019: Her induction was done (not mentioning the details so that there is no scope for any guess work) in one of the metro cities of India. Induction was great and she was very excited. All the perks and scope for career growth was fascinating. First one year: In the two years of probation, POs are supposed to be trained in areas such as Marketing (not sales), SME, Credit, Sales, Corporate Ban 

I have been reading this here ever since I got into SBI. Today I've decided to clear the air (if you are convinced). Some COMMON things that people mention about the job: Hectic/A Lot of pressureWhich job isn't? If all you want to do is, go at 10:00 AM, flip some papers, sign, make 2–3 calls, have lunch at 2:00 PM, redo the same and get back at 5:00 PM…then definitely this job isn't for you. Banking and finance industry is growing leaps and bounds and taking an altogether a different shape. Any such Org requires someone who can think/analyse, make business, contribute in making it better, have go 

Incident 1: This year... I met a guy during my document verification process for RRB PO 2017–18. He was working in SBI as PO. I asked him why he tried for RRB PO while you are already a PO in an institute like SBI. He said, “Bro, the work there is too much. They didnt even give me leave for taking care of my sister who is in labour. And also the work load is too much. I couldnt handle.” He also added, “For a person who is ready to focus only on career, Its one of the best banks to work for. But i prefer work life balance, So i would rather join RRB than continuing in SBI.” Incident 2: This incident 

Let me make an outrageous comparison here. SBI PO vs Civil Services Work Hours: A civil servant is always on duty 24×7. Some IAS officers have offices on Sundays in their home. They may work for 12–14 hrs a day without any holidays. They may be called for duty even at midnight. I recommend you to read the negative aspects of Bank officers have such circumstances only in very extreme or severe cases. Postings: Cadre allocation is fixed. Its very difficult to get your cadre changed. So wherever IAS officers are posted, they may have to spend the rest of their career there. Bank officers can get hom 

I am still preparing for other exam after working for 4 years as officer in bank of india. So here is the list of what I think 1. Hectic - you have to work for long hours. 8 hours is rare and its generally 9 to 10 in general days. During closing audit be ready to work more than 12 hours. 2. Leave problem - we have 72 leaves per year. But you can hardly avail them. Getting leaves is extremely difficult, no senior authority wants to sanction leave. With half Saturday Working and no leaves in many festival makes work life balance worse. 3. Nature of job I. Risky - every entry done in finacle is risky 

Yes, that's right! I am a very positive minded person. It was the greatest joy of my life when I was selected in SBI PO. I thought that I would give my 100% to SBI. Whatever my seniors asked me to do, I always did that with full dedication. It was going very well until the probation period ended. After getting permanent posting as a field officer, I focused on reducing NPA, proper documentation from audit point of view, and sourcing good loan proposals, also helping the deserving poor candidates in getting benefit of PMEGP, MUDRA etc. But once my RM called me and he said that I was doing nothing. 

No, this is not true with everyone. Let me elaborate. Many people in India buy Samsung phones at a particular price . And we all know that it is a good brand. But at the same price you can buy a phone of lenovo with better specification. If you don't feel that SBI is not good then invest your labour in some other exam but this is a lie that SBI is not good career choice. I am just going to co-relate the above example. For clearing SBI PO you did a lot of labour, invested energy in it and finally got selected. But the things that distract you are suggestions by different people. Look anywhere you 

Hi. I'm MTech in Communication from NIT Surat. Unfortunately I never got selected in placement. I tried my best. It has been 5 years since I completed my MTech. I am working as PSI Technical Services. Meanwhile I cleared Railway JE Signal. right now at this moment I am heading to Delhi for another possible offer as Scientific Assistant in Meteorological Dept. I got waitlisted in TTA BSNL. I worked as Assistant professor in private engg college for a year. Today I see many of my friend working in IT MNC who want to switch to Govt job and are preparing hard. Reason they want to switch is they have to att 

If people are saying, there has to be some truth to it. So, i left my private job for a government job. I was so wrong to zero in on banking. Yes, it was the worst decision of “my” life to join as bank po ( i cannot say for others or generalize bank po as bad decision, many of my friends are quite happy with banki po job and are making immense progress ). My expectations from govt job were - respect, work life balance while maintaining utmost dedication to my service work, caring for old parents, time to pursue hobbies and growth too. In bank, you definitely get immense growth but this whole n 

Yes it is absolutely correct. I joined SBI as a PO, the two year probation was okay. Lots of different targets were given from installing mobile apps to selling Mutual funds and insurance policies. Did lot of hard work and completed the targets. But main problem arises after confirmation I was posted to the worst region i.e. Jagdalpur in CG. From the 1st day of my posting to that region I was deputed to very remote branches for weeks as a BM some branches are hundreds of KM from main city and that too in very dangerous jungles affected by naxals with no basic facility of hygienic food and hotel.  

People in Quora say joining SBI PO is the biggest mistake of their life, so they quit their jobs as they are not good. Is that true?
Story of my girlfriend December 2018: After one year of Bank exams preparation, she finally cracked SBI. It was quite joyfully period for any graduate, especially having cracked largest PSB in India January 2019: Her induction was done (not mentioning the details so that there is no scope for any guess work) in one of the metro cities of India. Induction was great and she was very excited. All the perks and scope for career growth was fascinating. First one year: In the two years of probation, POs are supposed to be trained in areas such as Marketing (not sales), SME, Credit, Sales, Corporate Ban 

I have been reading this here ever since I got into SBI. Today I've decided to clear the air (if you are convinced). Some COMMON things that people mention about the job: Hectic/A Lot of pressureWhich job isn't? If all you want to do is, go at 10:00 AM, flip some papers, sign, make 2–3 calls, have lunch at 2:00 PM, redo the same and get back at 5:00 PM…then definitely this job isn't for you. Banking and finance industry is growing leaps and bounds and taking an altogether a different shape. Any such Org requires someone who can think/analyse, make business, contribute in making it better, have go 

Incident 1: This year... I met a guy during my document verification process for RRB PO 2017–18. He was working in SBI as PO. I asked him why he tried for RRB PO while you are already a PO in an institute like SBI. He said, “Bro, the work there is too much. They didnt even give me leave for taking care of my sister who is in labour. And also the work load is too much. I couldnt handle.” He also added, “For a person who is ready to focus only on career, Its one of the best banks to work for. But i prefer work life balance, So i would rather join RRB than continuing in SBI.” Incident 2: This incident 

Let me make an outrageous comparison here. SBI PO vs Civil Services Work Hours: A civil servant is always on duty 24×7. Some IAS officers have offices on Sundays in their home. They may work for 12–14 hrs a day without any holidays. They may be called for duty even at midnight. I recommend you to read the negative aspects of Bank officers have such circumstances only in very extreme or severe cases. Postings: Cadre allocation is fixed. Its very difficult to get your cadre changed. So wherever IAS officers are posted, they may have to spend the rest of their career there. Bank officers can get hom 

I am still preparing for other exam after working for 4 years as officer in bank of india. So here is the list of what I think 1. Hectic - you have to work for long hours. 8 hours is rare and its generally 9 to 10 in general days. During closing audit be ready to work more than 12 hours. 2. Leave problem - we have 72 leaves per year. But you can hardly avail them. Getting leaves is extremely difficult, no senior authority wants to sanction leave. With half Saturday Working and no leaves in many festival makes work life balance worse. 3. Nature of job I. Risky - every entry done in finacle is risky 

Yes, that's right! I am a very positive minded person. It was the greatest joy of my life when I was selected in SBI PO. I thought that I would give my 100% to SBI. Whatever my seniors asked me to do, I always did that with full dedication. It was going very well until the probation period ended. After getting permanent posting as a field officer, I focused on reducing NPA, proper documentation from audit point of view, and sourcing good loan proposals, also helping the deserving poor candidates in getting benefit of PMEGP, MUDRA etc. But once my RM called me and he said that I was doing nothing. 

No, this is not true with everyone. Let me elaborate. Many people in India buy Samsung phones at a particular price . And we all know that it is a good brand. But at the same price you can buy a phone of lenovo with better specification. If you don't feel that SBI is not good then invest your labour in some other exam but this is a lie that SBI is not good career choice. I am just going to co-relate the above example. For clearing SBI PO you did a lot of labour, invested energy in it and finally got selected. But the things that distract you are suggestions by different people. Look anywhere you 

Hi. I'm MTech in Communication from NIT Surat. Unfortunately I never got selected in placement. I tried my best. It has been 5 years since I completed my MTech. I am working as PSI Technical Services. Meanwhile I cleared Railway JE Signal. right now at this moment I am heading to Delhi for another possible offer as Scientific Assistant in Meteorological Dept. I got waitlisted in TTA BSNL. I worked as Assistant professor in private engg college for a year. Today I see many of my friend working in IT MNC who want to switch to Govt job and are preparing hard. Reason they want to switch is they have to att 

If people are saying, there has to be some truth to it. So, i left my private job for a government job. I was so wrong to zero in on banking. Yes, it was the worst decision of “my” life to join as bank po ( i cannot say for others or generalize bank po as bad decision, many of my friends are quite happy with banki po job and are making immense progress ). My expectations from govt job were - respect, work life balance while maintaining utmost dedication to my service work, caring for old parents, time to pursue hobbies and growth too. In bank, you definitely get immense growth but this whole n 

Yes it is absolutely correct. I joined SBI as a PO, the two year probation was okay. Lots of different targets were given from installing mobile apps to selling Mutual funds and insurance policies. Did lot of hard work and completed the targets. But main problem arises after confirmation I was posted to the worst region i.e. Jagdalpur in CG. From the 1st day of my posting to that region I was deputed to very remote branches for weeks as a BM some branches are hundreds of KM from main city and that too in very dangerous jungles affected by naxals with no basic facility of hygienic food and hotel.  

People in Quora say joining SBI PO is the biggest mistake of their life, so they quit their jobs as they are not good. Is that true?
Story of my girlfriend December 2018: After one year of Bank exams preparation, she finally cracked SBI. It was quite joyfully period for any graduate, especially having cracked largest PSB in India January 2019: Her induction was done (not mentioning the details so that there is no scope for any guess work) in one of the metro cities of India. Induction was great and she was very excited. All the perks and scope for career growth was fascinating. First one year: In the two years of probation, POs are supposed to be trained in areas such as Marketing (not sales), SME, Credit, Sales, Corporate Ban 

I have been reading this here ever since I got into SBI. Today I've decided to clear the air (if you are convinced). Some COMMON things that people mention about the job: Hectic/A Lot of pressureWhich job isn't? If all you want to do is, go at 10:00 AM, flip some papers, sign, make 2–3 calls, have lunch at 2:00 PM, redo the same and get back at 5:00 PM…then definitely this job isn't for you. Banking and finance industry is growing leaps and bounds and taking an altogether a different shape. Any such Org requires someone who can think/analyse, make business, contribute in making it better, have go 

Incident 1: This year... I met a guy during my document verification process for RRB PO 2017–18. He was working in SBI as PO. I asked him why he tried for RRB PO while you are already a PO in an institute like SBI. He said, “Bro, the work there is too much. They didnt even give me leave for taking care of my sister who is in labour. And also the work load is too much. I couldnt handle.” He also added, “For a person who is ready to focus only on career, Its one of the best banks to work for. But i prefer work life balance, So i would rather join RRB than continuing in SBI.” Incident 2: This incident 

Let me make an outrageous comparison here. SBI PO vs Civil Services Work Hours: A civil servant is always on duty 24×7. Some IAS officers have offices on Sundays in their home. They may work for 12–14 hrs a day without any holidays. They may be called for duty even at midnight. I recommend you to read the negative aspects of Bank officers have such circumstances only in very extreme or severe cases. Postings: Cadre allocation is fixed. Its very difficult to get your cadre changed. So wherever IAS officers are posted, they may have to spend the rest of their career there. Bank officers can get hom 

I am still preparing for other exam after working for 4 years as officer in bank of india. So here is the list of what I think 1. Hectic - you have to work for long hours. 8 hours is rare and its generally 9 to 10 in general days. During closing audit be ready to work more than 12 hours. 2. Leave problem - we have 72 leaves per year. But you can hardly avail them. Getting leaves is extremely difficult, no senior authority wants to sanction leave. With half Saturday Working and no leaves in many festival makes work life balance worse. 3. Nature of job I. Risky - every entry done in finacle is risky 

Yes, that's right! I am a very positive minded person. It was the greatest joy of my life when I was selected in SBI PO. I thought that I would give my 100% to SBI. Whatever my seniors asked me to do, I always did that with full dedication. It was going very well until the probation period ended. After getting permanent posting as a field officer, I focused on reducing NPA, proper documentation from audit point of view, and sourcing good loan proposals, also helping the deserving poor candidates in getting benefit of PMEGP, MUDRA etc. But once my RM called me and he said that I was doing nothing. 

No, this is not true with everyone. Let me elaborate. Many people in India buy Samsung phones at a particular price . And we all know that it is a good brand. But at the same price you can buy a phone of lenovo with better specification. If you don't feel that SBI is not good then invest your labour in some other exam but this is a lie that SBI is not good career choice. I am just going to co-relate the above example. For clearing SBI PO you did a lot of labour, invested energy in it and finally got selected. But the things that distract you are suggestions by different people. Look anywhere you 

Hi. I'm MTech in Communication from NIT Surat. Unfortunately I never got selected in placement. I tried my best. It has been 5 years since I completed my MTech. I am working as PSI Technical Services. Meanwhile I cleared Railway JE Signal. right now at this moment I am heading to Delhi for another possible offer as Scientific Assistant in Meteorological Dept. I got waitlisted in TTA BSNL. I worked as Assistant professor in private engg college for a year. Today I see many of my friend working in IT MNC who want to switch to Govt job and are preparing hard. Reason they want to switch is they have to att 

If people are saying, there has to be some truth to it. So, i left my private job for a government job. I was so wrong to zero in on banking. Yes, it was the worst decision of “my” life to join as bank po ( i cannot say for others or generalize bank po as bad decision, many of my friends are quite happy with banki po job and are making immense progress ). My expectations from govt job were - respect, work life balance while maintaining utmost dedication to my service work, caring for old parents, time to pursue hobbies and growth too. In bank, you definitely get immense growth but this whole n 

Yes it is absolutely correct. I joined SBI as a PO, the two year probation was okay. Lots of different targets were given from installing mobile apps to selling Mutual funds and insurance policies. Did lot of hard work and completed the targets. But main problem arises after confirmation I was posted to the worst region i.e. Jagdalpur in CG. From the 1st day of my posting to that region I was deputed to very remote branches for weeks as a BM some branches are hundreds of KM from main city and that too in very dangerous jungles affected by naxals with no basic facility of hygienic food and hotel.  

Have bank PO jobs lost their charm?
Bank PO and Clerk jobs have both lost their charm. Let's not refer to what was the situation in the 1970s or 1980s, just around ten years ago Bank PO jobs were attractive and there was a surge in the already plentiful engineers joining PO jobs. That trend has slowly waned, Bank PO jobs are no longer as attractive as they used to be. To be objective one might like to look at hard facts or data[1]. The number of applicants for IBPS PO was 1967000 in 2017 and 1127000 in 2018; clearly there is a decline. The number of applicants for PO, Clerical, and Specialist Officers have all declined as per IBPS d 

I don’t think so. Why ? You may ask. The reason is that for every fresher candidate and even for experienced ones, a Bank PO is a very attractive Job. Every Years Lakhs of candidates apply to get their names in the final selection list. On an average SBI and IBPS attracts 10–20 lakhs candidates every year for each exam. In this date and time, the Transparency and Fast Recruitment process that Banking exams offer, is unmatched, and that is another positive side which makes candidates get attracted towards it. If Bank PO were to lost it’s charm, then :Why are the no. of candidates increasing ever 

There was a time when students used to prepare for both the Bank PO and UPSC exam with the same devotion. It was not for a backup plan. They were treating both the jobs equally. I had met a very senior officer in the bank who told me he had cleared both UPSC(I do not know which job he got there) and SBI PO same time and opted to join SBI. Banks were paying better salary than Class I officers of central government then. Is that the same situation now? The answer is obviously NO! Then yes, bank PO jobs have lost their Charm. Why they have lost their charm? The working conditions are deteriorated.  

Not only Bank PO job have lost its charm. It has become one of the worst govt job. Main problems which make life hell here is Rude behavior of customer - Customer can shout on you for your silly mistake or for any interruption in service. Sometimes few customers will insult you or even worse they will fight with you verbally or maybe physically. Nature of work - Its more like of salesman rather than officer. You have to get good loan and deposit for your branch. For which management puts a lot of pressure. Too much work - Because banks are in loss, they have cut the staff and not recruiting in ade 

This can go either way. There are candidates who are striving to be selected as a bank PO whereas some consider it only as an option of removing their “unemployment” tag. It all depends on one’s vision towards what they wanna achieve in life. This can be comprehended if we percept both the sides: An employee’s view and a candidate’s view. When people are on the latter side, they tend to see all the positives of the respective job post they are interested in. When people are on the former side, they tend to see all the positive aspects of another job post which seems to be more greener. A bank PO 

That's a very subjective question, dependent on a lot of factors. To begin with, all jobs have a change in their definition, objectives and outlook as time goes by. Eras change, and years of technological disruption and social change tend to redefine jobs as we know them. Having stated this, when we talk about PSB PO as a career, I could generalize it into two perceptions - one that treats it like a legacy “govt job” with job security, perks and ease, and the other that treats it as an entry level management position in the world of finance. If you belong to the former school of thought, you'r 

Yes ,upto some extent but still this job has its own charm. Decades ago ,there was a time when bank officer job was at par with civil service . The salary, perks &amp; status was at its peak. Gradually this job started losing its charm because of booming of so many banks in country and it became just an another common job and rise in NPA , less salary of bankers and customer is always right policy made this job look not so reputed. After working in bank for couple of years what I realised is that it is one of the finest sectors to work with if you want to learn about people , their behaviour . You w 

“I will say it hasn’t lost its charm but it has become most stressful job ever” Surely those days are gone when bankers were relaxed and enjoyed their life to the fullest with good pay in hand. Now due to globalization and other factors banks are facing tough competition from its efficient competitors (Private banks) and Nationalized banks). Even with all the automation and CBS(Core Banking Solution) software the work pressure hasn’t reduced but quite contrary it has increased manifold. India being populated country, many people are getting added into the banking. From my experience working as ge 

Thanks for A to A. I have got negative reviews from almost whoever is in a bank job, from clerks to officers. That the job of clerk is ill-paid, that of officer is too hectic, no work life balance, etc. But does that stop aspirants from aspiring to be a banker? No. This year above 20 lakhs applied for SBI PO, a larger number applied for the JA posts. Similiar is the number of applicants for IBPS exams. So this doesn't seem to comply with the statement that bank jobs have lost their charm, right? Also, since my whole journey was very short, I didn't actually realise how tough the exam is. There a 

No, one of my friends is in Canara and recently he bought Ford ecosports sports edition worth 13.5 lakhs. He is 28 and has been working for 4 years as PO. Yeah as per him his job is worse but at least bank pays him to maintain his standard. He remarked he has to pay to only 6K emi at si as compared to 13K emi at ci if this loan was taken by someone else. Also the amount of transactions that happen is overwhelming and it is expected from him to help everybody ranging from filling random forms to attesting drafts, clearing cheques with utmost clarity. Now majority of time he has to deal with custo 

How has your progress as an SBI Bank PO been from the date you joined to now?
People in Quora say joining SBI PO is the biggest mistake of their life, so they quit their jobs as they are not good. Is that true?
Story of my girlfriend December 2018: After one year of Bank exams preparation, she finally cracked SBI. It was quite joyfully period for any graduate, especially having cracked largest PSB in India January 2019: Her induction was done (not mentioning the details so that there is no scope for any guess work) in one of the metro cities of India. Induction was great and she was very excited. All the perks and scope for career growth was fascinating. First one year: In the two years of probation, POs are supposed to be trained in areas such as Marketing (not sales), SME, Credit, Sales, Corporate Ban 

I have been reading this here ever since I got into SBI. Today I've decided to clear the air (if you are convinced). Some COMMON things that people mention about the job: Hectic/A Lot of pressureWhich job isn't? If all you want to do is, go at 10:00 AM, flip some papers, sign, make 2–3 calls, have lunch at 2:00 PM, redo the same and get back at 5:00 PM…then definitely this job isn't for you. Banking and finance industry is growing leaps and bounds and taking an altogether a different shape. Any such Org requires someone who can think/analyse, make business, contribute in making it better, have go 

Incident 1: This year... I met a guy during my document verification process for RRB PO 2017–18. He was working in SBI as PO. I asked him why he tried for RRB PO while you are already a PO in an institute like SBI. He said, “Bro, the work there is too much. They didnt even give me leave for taking care of my sister who is in labour. And also the work load is too much. I couldnt handle.” He also added, “For a person who is ready to focus only on career, Its one of the best banks to work for. But i prefer work life balance, So i would rather join RRB than continuing in SBI.” Incident 2: This incident 

Let me make an outrageous comparison here. SBI PO vs Civil Services Work Hours: A civil servant is always on duty 24×7. Some IAS officers have offices on Sundays in their home. They may work for 12–14 hrs a day without any holidays. They may be called for duty even at midnight. I recommend you to read the negative aspects of Bank officers have such circumstances only in very extreme or severe cases. Postings: Cadre allocation is fixed. Its very difficult to get your cadre changed. So wherever IAS officers are posted, they may have to spend the rest of their career there. Bank officers can get hom 

I am still preparing for other exam after working for 4 years as officer in bank of india. So here is the list of what I think 1. Hectic - you have to work for long hours. 8 hours is rare and its generally 9 to 10 in general days. During closing audit be ready to work more than 12 hours. 2. Leave problem - we have 72 leaves per year. But you can hardly avail them. Getting leaves is extremely difficult, no senior authority wants to sanction leave. With half Saturday Working and no leaves in many festival makes work life balance worse. 3. Nature of job I. Risky - every entry done in finacle is risky 

Yes, that's right! I am a very positive minded person. It was the greatest joy of my life when I was selected in SBI PO. I thought that I would give my 100% to SBI. Whatever my seniors asked me to do, I always did that with full dedication. It was going very well until the probation period ended. After getting permanent posting as a field officer, I focused on reducing NPA, proper documentation from audit point of view, and sourcing good loan proposals, also helping the deserving poor candidates in getting benefit of PMEGP, MUDRA etc. But once my RM called me and he said that I was doing nothing. 

No, this is not true with everyone. Let me elaborate. Many people in India buy Samsung phones at a particular price . And we all know that it is a good brand. But at the same price you can buy a phone of lenovo with better specification. If you don't feel that SBI is not good then invest your labour in some other exam but this is a lie that SBI is not good career choice. I am just going to co-relate the above example. For clearing SBI PO you did a lot of labour, invested energy in it and finally got selected. But the things that distract you are suggestions by different people. Look anywhere you 

Hi. I'm MTech in Communication from NIT Surat. Unfortunately I never got selected in placement. I tried my best. It has been 5 years since I completed my MTech. I am working as PSI Technical Services. Meanwhile I cleared Railway JE Signal. right now at this moment I am heading to Delhi for another possible offer as Scientific Assistant in Meteorological Dept. I got waitlisted in TTA BSNL. I worked as Assistant professor in private engg college for a year. Today I see many of my friend working in IT MNC who want to switch to Govt job and are preparing hard. Reason they want to switch is they have to att 

If people are saying, there has to be some truth to it. So, i left my private job for a government job. I was so wrong to zero in on banking. Yes, it was the worst decision of “my” life to join as bank po ( i cannot say for others or generalize bank po as bad decision, many of my friends are quite happy with banki po job and are making immense progress ). My expectations from govt job were - respect, work life balance while maintaining utmost dedication to my service work, caring for old parents, time to pursue hobbies and growth too. In bank, you definitely get immense growth but this whole n 

Yes it is absolutely correct. I joined SBI as a PO, the two year probation was okay. Lots of different targets were given from installing mobile apps to selling Mutual funds and insurance policies. Did lot of hard work and completed the targets. But main problem arises after confirmation I was posted to the worst region i.e. Jagdalpur in CG. From the 1st day of my posting to that region I was deputed to very remote branches for weeks as a BM some branches are hundreds of KM from main city and that too in very dangerous jungles affected by naxals with no basic facility of hygienic food and hotel.  

People in Quora say joining SBI PO is the biggest mistake of their life, so they quit their jobs as they are not good. Is that true?
Story of my girlfriend December 2018: After one year of Bank exams preparation, she finally cracked SBI. It was quite joyfully period for any graduate, especially having cracked largest PSB in India January 2019: Her induction was done (not mentioning the details so that there is no scope for any guess work) in one of the metro cities of India. Induction was great and she was very excited. All the perks and scope for career growth was fascinating. First one year: In the two years of probation, POs are supposed to be trained in areas such as Marketing (not sales), SME, Credit, Sales, Corporate Ban 

I have been reading this here ever since I got into SBI. Today I've decided to clear the air (if you are convinced). Some COMMON things that people mention about the job: Hectic/A Lot of pressureWhich job isn't? If all you want to do is, go at 10:00 AM, flip some papers, sign, make 2–3 calls, have lunch at 2:00 PM, redo the same and get back at 5:00 PM…then definitely this job isn't for you. Banking and finance industry is growing leaps and bounds and taking an altogether a different shape. Any such Org requires someone who can think/analyse, make business, contribute in making it better, have go 

Incident 1: This year... I met a guy during my document verification process for RRB PO 2017–18. He was working in SBI as PO. I asked him why he tried for RRB PO while you are already a PO in an institute like SBI. He said, “Bro, the work there is too much. They didnt even give me leave for taking care of my sister who is in labour. And also the work load is too much. I couldnt handle.” He also added, “For a person who is ready to focus only on career, Its one of the best banks to work for. But i prefer work life balance, So i would rather join RRB than continuing in SBI.” Incident 2: This incident 

Let me make an outrageous comparison here. SBI PO vs Civil Services Work Hours: A civil servant is always on duty 24×7. Some IAS officers have offices on Sundays in their home. They may work for 12–14 hrs a day without any holidays. They may be called for duty even at midnight. I recommend you to read the negative aspects of Bank officers have such circumstances only in very extreme or severe cases. Postings: Cadre allocation is fixed. Its very difficult to get your cadre changed. So wherever IAS officers are posted, they may have to spend the rest of their career there. Bank officers can get hom 

I am still preparing for other exam after working for 4 years as officer in bank of india. So here is the list of what I think 1. Hectic - you have to work for long hours. 8 hours is rare and its generally 9 to 10 in general days. During closing audit be ready to work more than 12 hours. 2. Leave problem - we have 72 leaves per year. But you can hardly avail them. Getting leaves is extremely difficult, no senior authority wants to sanction leave. With half Saturday Working and no leaves in many festival makes work life balance worse. 3. Nature of job I. Risky - every entry done in finacle is risky 

Yes, that's right! I am a very positive minded person. It was the greatest joy of my life when I was selected in SBI PO. I thought that I would give my 100% to SBI. Whatever my seniors asked me to do, I always did that with full dedication. It was going very well until the probation period ended. After getting permanent posting as a field officer, I focused on reducing NPA, proper documentation from audit point of view, and sourcing good loan proposals, also helping the deserving poor candidates in getting benefit of PMEGP, MUDRA etc. But once my RM called me and he said that I was doing nothing. 

No, this is not true with everyone. Let me elaborate. Many people in India buy Samsung phones at a particular price . And we all know that it is a good brand. But at the same price you can buy a phone of lenovo with better specification. If you don't feel that SBI is not good then invest your labour in some other exam but this is a lie that SBI is not good career choice. I am just going to co-relate the above example. For clearing SBI PO you did a lot of labour, invested energy in it and finally got selected. But the things that distract you are suggestions by different people. Look anywhere you 

Hi. I'm MTech in Communication from NIT Surat. Unfortunately I never got selected in placement. I tried my best. It has been 5 years since I completed my MTech. I am working as PSI Technical Services. Meanwhile I cleared Railway JE Signal. right now at this moment I am heading to Delhi for another possible offer as Scientific Assistant in Meteorological Dept. I got waitlisted in TTA BSNL. I worked as Assistant professor in private engg college for a year. Today I see many of my friend working in IT MNC who want to switch to Govt job and are preparing hard. Reason they want to switch is they have to att 

If people are saying, there has to be some truth to it. So, i left my private job for a government job. I was so wrong to zero in on banking. Yes, it was the worst decision of “my” life to join as bank po ( i cannot say for others or generalize bank po as bad decision, many of my friends are quite happy with banki po job and are making immense progress ). My expectations from govt job were - respect, work life balance while maintaining utmost dedication to my service work, caring for old parents, time to pursue hobbies and growth too. In bank, you definitely get immense growth but this whole n 

Yes it is absolutely correct. I joined SBI as a PO, the two year probation was okay. Lots of different targets were given from installing mobile apps to selling Mutual funds and insurance policies. Did lot of hard work and completed the targets. But main problem arises after confirmation I was posted to the worst region i.e. Jagdalpur in CG. From the 1st day of my posting to that region I was deputed to very remote branches for weeks as a BM some branches are hundreds of KM from main city and that too in very dangerous jungles affected by naxals with no basic facility of hygienic food and hotel.  

How satisfied are SBI POs with their jobs?
As i completed my 1 year run as a branch manager, i would like to attempt this question.  So, starting with the tag PO. This tag will be there for only 2 years. And let me tell you that's the best part of your career, those 2 years were like the honey moon period for an officer. Immediately after the 2 years of probation you will be called an officer not a PO. So my point here is a PO will not stay as a PO forever. I would like to share my experience here. Joined as a PO in 2016 with little expectations, because i landed in this job out of the blue. Got a metro posting in the beginning, hyderabad.  

I quit SBI as a PO about a month ago and I think I can answer this. Work Pressure: Yes! Yes! Yes! I’m from Maharashtra posted at a rural branch in Maharashtra itself for my 2nd year of probation. So after receiving my rural posting I was actually excited. I really wanted to get away from the hustle and bustle of the city, into the alluring greenscape of the village. Just few days after I joined the branch and I was already feeling the pressure that my branch manager was going through. One day my branch manager received a call from the regional office. They were asking him to promote SBI Life. No 

I have read some of the answers of a few of my colleagues here and would like to weigh in some thoughts of my own. I have to say that satisfaction in one’s job should be paramount for any working person. It should go beyond the obvious monetary benefits. I have had a pretty interesting life so to say. Studied in many parts of India, from Aizawl to Shillong, Darjeeling to Bangalore, Pondicherry to Delhi. Got two Masters degrees in two very unrelated fields..MSc Biotech and Master of International Business. The reason I’m highlighting my academic career is because I’ve never had any specific int 

The short answer is, very rarely is a person in this whole professional world satisfied fully with his or her job. But the extra problem with SBI PO job is, that it the job creates a problem in executing your family affairs and also gives a lot of tension in professional duty. I was of PO 2010 batch. I got my fist posting in a rural place during probation. I was sent to learn basic functions, but merely printed Passbooks all the time. This became a trend till my passing branch which came a year later. A friend of mine asked during a meeting in SBLC to GM, that why there is no training. He repli

First of all, job satisfaction is a very subjective issue and it differs from person to person. I would refrain from commenting on how satisfied I am from this job because I have my own reason for being satisfied and dissatisfied with this job but seeing the negativity spread by a lot of people about this job, I would tell you 2 main reasons why a lot of people are not satisfied with this job: A lot of aspirants are enamored by the stability in a government job and they have little or no interest in banking sector. Once they come into the real battleground, the reality hits them hard and dissat

Not at all! Tired, frustrated, away from home, sad! I've cracked CDS thrice and wanted to join the army, things couldn't work out, got conference out from SSBs and attempted SBI po exam with average preparation. Got selected and got ahmedabad circle. Things were fine when I was in training centre, but when I got my first posting, I was amazed!?It is a village! Okay, no problem. I may get used to it. But then the real problem started. I was told by my branch manager to stay late at the bank, till 8-8:30, ‘just because other officers were sitting’. I told a straight no. When anyway I started to lea 

I worked in Bank of Baroda as probationary officer(PO) and many a my friends works in SBI as a PO, so I feel I am qualified to answer this question. State Bank of India is the largest public sector bank of India. Even after merging some PSU banks to another PSU bank, still SBI is the largest one. The aspirants preparing for banking services always prefer SBI as they may get better salary, perks and allowances in SBI. All other PSU banks are more or less same if you compare to salary, perks and allowance but in SBI one get 4 advance increments at the time of joining it self. other banks Junior M 

I joined SBI in 1974 as a Probationary Officer or PO. I worked till 2000 and took early retirement to join the private sector. Had I continued, I would have retired in 2012. This was a time when PO in SBI was one of the few opportunities for fresh graduates and post graduates. I had a choice of either going to the USA with a teaching assistantship to do my PhD in Chemistry or in joining SBI. For some reason I chose SBI. Not sure if I made the best choice but it was a good choice in my view. Here’s my take on a career in SBI as a PO. The first place I went to was State Bank Staff College in Hyder 

I joined SBI only 3 months back, So i dont know if i am qualified to answer this question. But still i will share my experience of the last 3 months. Needless to say SBI is ‘THE BANK’ in the country, the financial condition of the country largely depends on SBI. So to work for such an organisation evokes a sense of pride in itself. Now job satisfaction varies from person to person, so i will categorise it into different aspects. SALARY- SBI offers the best salary package by far for any entry level job, be it private or govt. close to 50k gross, 30k leased accomodation, furniture allowace, 100% me 

After changing 3 jobs in 3 diff sectors, I have come to the conclusion that job satisfaction is nothing but a state of mind. While working with Sbi, you will hear so much of cribbing and cursing that you yourself will start questioning your decision of joining the industry. Every other guy you meet, right from the peon to the A.G.M will complain about the working environment and pressure. Every one who is on the safer side of the age scale will be found looking for alternative jobs in the Government, Grass is greener on the other side doesn't suits any other scenario better. Let me point out the 

Is SBI PO a stressful job?
Why is SBI Bank's service so poor compared to other banks?
Why can’t I transfer money from an SBI NRE account to other accounts?
Is it fine to open PPF account in SBI now at the age of 26 or better to invest in other?
How satisfied are SBI POs with their jobs?
As i completed my 1 year run as a branch manager, i would like to attempt this question.  So, starting with the tag PO. This tag will be there for only 2 years. And let me tell you that's the best part of your career, those 2 years were like the honey moon period for an officer. Immediately after the 2 years of probation you will be called an officer not a PO. So my point here is a PO will not stay as a PO forever. I would like to share my experience here. Joined as a PO in 2016 with little expectations, because i landed in this job out of the blue. Got a metro posting in the beginning, hyderabad.  

I quit SBI as a PO about a month ago and I think I can answer this. Work Pressure: Yes! Yes! Yes! I’m from Maharashtra posted at a rural branch in Maharashtra itself for my 2nd year of probation. So after receiving my rural posting I was actually excited. I really wanted to get away from the hustle and bustle of the city, into the alluring greenscape of the village. Just few days after I joined the branch and I was already feeling the pressure that my branch manager was going through. One day my branch manager received a call from the regional office. They were asking him to promote SBI Life. No 

I have read some of the answers of a few of my colleagues here and would like to weigh in some thoughts of my own. I have to say that satisfaction in one’s job should be paramount for any working person. It should go beyond the obvious monetary benefits. I have had a pretty interesting life so to say. Studied in many parts of India, from Aizawl to Shillong, Darjeeling to Bangalore, Pondicherry to Delhi. Got two Masters degrees in two very unrelated fields..MSc Biotech and Master of International Business. The reason I’m highlighting my academic career is because I’ve never had any specific int 

The short answer is, very rarely is a person in this whole professional world satisfied fully with his or her job. But the extra problem with SBI PO job is, that it the job creates a problem in executing your family affairs and also gives a lot of tension in professional duty. I was of PO 2010 batch. I got my fist posting in a rural place during probation. I was sent to learn basic functions, but merely printed Passbooks all the time. This became a trend till my passing branch which came a year later. A friend of mine asked during a meeting in SBLC to GM, that why there is no training. He repli

First of all, job satisfaction is a very subjective issue and it differs from person to person. I would refrain from commenting on how satisfied I am from this job because I have my own reason for being satisfied and dissatisfied with this job but seeing the negativity spread by a lot of people about this job, I would tell you 2 main reasons why a lot of people are not satisfied with this job: A lot of aspirants are enamored by the stability in a government job and they have little or no interest in banking sector. Once they come into the real battleground, the reality hits them hard and dissat

Not at all! Tired, frustrated, away from home, sad! I've cracked CDS thrice and wanted to join the army, things couldn't work out, got conference out from SSBs and attempted SBI po exam with average preparation. Got selected and got ahmedabad circle. Things were fine when I was in training centre, but when I got my first posting, I was amazed!?It is a village! Okay, no problem. I may get used to it. But then the real problem started. I was told by my branch manager to stay late at the bank, till 8-8:30, ‘just because other officers were sitting’. I told a straight no. When anyway I started to lea 

I worked in Bank of Baroda as probationary officer(PO) and many a my friends works in SBI as a PO, so I feel I am qualified to answer this question. State Bank of India is the largest public sector bank of India. Even after merging some PSU banks to another PSU bank, still SBI is the largest one. The aspirants preparing for banking services always prefer SBI as they may get better salary, perks and allowances in SBI. All other PSU banks are more or less same if you compare to salary, perks and allowance but in SBI one get 4 advance increments at the time of joining it self. other banks Junior M 

I joined SBI in 1974 as a Probationary Officer or PO. I worked till 2000 and took early retirement to join the private sector. Had I continued, I would have retired in 2012. This was a time when PO in SBI was one of the few opportunities for fresh graduates and post graduates. I had a choice of either going to the USA with a teaching assistantship to do my PhD in Chemistry or in joining SBI. For some reason I chose SBI. Not sure if I made the best choice but it was a good choice in my view. Here’s my take on a career in SBI as a PO. The first place I went to was State Bank Staff College in Hyder 

I joined SBI only 3 months back, So i dont know if i am qualified to answer this question. But still i will share my experience of the last 3 months. Needless to say SBI is ‘THE BANK’ in the country, the financial condition of the country largely depends on SBI. So to work for such an organisation evokes a sense of pride in itself. Now job satisfaction varies from person to person, so i will categorise it into different aspects. SALARY- SBI offers the best salary package by far for any entry level job, be it private or govt. close to 50k gross, 30k leased accomodation, furniture allowace, 100% me 

After changing 3 jobs in 3 diff sectors, I have come to the conclusion that job satisfaction is nothing but a state of mind. While working with Sbi, you will hear so much of cribbing and cursing that you yourself will start questioning your decision of joining the industry. Every other guy you meet, right from the peon to the A.G.M will complain about the working environment and pressure. Every one who is on the safer side of the age scale will be found looking for alternative jobs in the Government, Grass is greener on the other side doesn't suits any other scenario better. Let me point out the 

In case no nominee is registered in an SBI account of a person, is it possible for his/her spouse to get the money back?
How do I deal with a psycho Chennai circle CGM in SBI?
Why is SBI the most undesirable job in India, and why are all employees unsatisfied with SBI?
Why do SBI employees still behave like the 90s?
Have bank PO jobs lost their charm?
Bank PO and Clerk jobs have both lost their charm. Let's not refer to what was the situation in the 1970s or 1980s, just around ten years ago Bank PO jobs were attractive and there was a surge in the already plentiful engineers joining PO jobs. That trend has slowly waned, Bank PO jobs are no longer as attractive as they used to be. To be objective one might like to look at hard facts or data[1]. The number of applicants for IBPS PO was 1967000 in 2017 and 1127000 in 2018; clearly there is a decline. The number of applicants for PO, Clerical, and Specialist Officers have all declined as per IBPS d 

I don’t think so. Why ? You may ask. The reason is that for every fresher candidate and even for experienced ones, a Bank PO is a very attractive Job. Every Years Lakhs of candidates apply to get their names in the final selection list. On an average SBI and IBPS attracts 10–20 lakhs candidates every year for each exam. In this date and time, the Transparency and Fast Recruitment process that Banking exams offer, is unmatched, and that is another positive side which makes candidates get attracted towards it. If Bank PO were to lost it’s charm, then :Why are the no. of candidates increasing ever 

There was a time when students used to prepare for both the Bank PO and UPSC exam with the same devotion. It was not for a backup plan. They were treating both the jobs equally. I had met a very senior officer in the bank who told me he had cleared both UPSC(I do not know which job he got there) and SBI PO same time and opted to join SBI. Banks were paying better salary than Class I officers of central government then. Is that the same situation now? The answer is obviously NO! Then yes, bank PO jobs have lost their Charm. Why they have lost their charm? The working conditions are deteriorated.  

Not only Bank PO job have lost its charm. It has become one of the worst govt job. Main problems which make life hell here is Rude behavior of customer - Customer can shout on you for your silly mistake or for any interruption in service. Sometimes few customers will insult you or even worse they will fight with you verbally or maybe physically. Nature of work - Its more like of salesman rather than officer. You have to get good loan and deposit for your branch. For which management puts a lot of pressure. Too much work - Because banks are in loss, they have cut the staff and not recruiting in ade 

This can go either way. There are candidates who are striving to be selected as a bank PO whereas some consider it only as an option of removing their “unemployment” tag. It all depends on one’s vision towards what they wanna achieve in life. This can be comprehended if we percept both the sides: An employee’s view and a candidate’s view. When people are on the latter side, they tend to see all the positives of the respective job post they are interested in. When people are on the former side, they tend to see all the positive aspects of another job post which seems to be more greener. A bank PO 

That's a very subjective question, dependent on a lot of factors. To begin with, all jobs have a change in their definition, objectives and outlook as time goes by. Eras change, and years of technological disruption and social change tend to redefine jobs as we know them. Having stated this, when we talk about PSB PO as a career, I could generalize it into two perceptions - one that treats it like a legacy “govt job” with job security, perks and ease, and the other that treats it as an entry level management position in the world of finance. If you belong to the former school of thought, you'r 

Yes ,upto some extent but still this job has its own charm. Decades ago ,there was a time when bank officer job was at par with civil service . The salary, perks &amp; status was at its peak. Gradually this job started losing its charm because of booming of so many banks in country and it became just an another common job and rise in NPA , less salary of bankers and customer is always right policy made this job look not so reputed. After working in bank for couple of years what I realised is that it is one of the finest sectors to work with if you want to learn about people , their behaviour . You w 

“I will say it hasn’t lost its charm but it has become most stressful job ever” Surely those days are gone when bankers were relaxed and enjoyed their life to the fullest with good pay in hand. Now due to globalization and other factors banks are facing tough competition from its efficient competitors (Private banks) and Nationalized banks). Even with all the automation and CBS(Core Banking Solution) software the work pressure hasn’t reduced but quite contrary it has increased manifold. India being populated country, many people are getting added into the banking. From my experience working as ge 

Thanks for A to A. I have got negative reviews from almost whoever is in a bank job, from clerks to officers. That the job of clerk is ill-paid, that of officer is too hectic, no work life balance, etc. But does that stop aspirants from aspiring to be a banker? No. This year above 20 lakhs applied for SBI PO, a larger number applied for the JA posts. Similiar is the number of applicants for IBPS exams. So this doesn't seem to comply with the statement that bank jobs have lost their charm, right? Also, since my whole journey was very short, I didn't actually realise how tough the exam is. There a 

No, one of my friends is in Canara and recently he bought Ford ecosports sports edition worth 13.5 lakhs. He is 28 and has been working for 4 years as PO. Yeah as per him his job is worse but at least bank pays him to maintain his standard. He remarked he has to pay to only 6K emi at si as compared to 13K emi at ci if this loan was taken by someone else. Also the amount of transactions that happen is overwhelming and it is expected from him to help everybody ranging from filling random forms to attesting drafts, clearing cheques with utmost clarity. Now majority of time he has to deal with custo 

Why do SBI employees still behave like the 90s?
If a restaurant refuses to accept a form of payment, are you legally permitted to leave without paying for your meal?
How do I remove a PayPal hold after a limitation?
Is Paypal a scam?
If a restaurant refuses to accept a form of payment, are you legally permitted to leave without paying for your meal?
How do you pay for your MS from the US?
I am an Indian female from Hyderabad. I am the average student from the tier -2 universities in India. I had the dream of going to the US to do MS and get a job to start earning lots of $$$$. I am from a lower-middle-class family without a house or properties or lands etc. Our family ran on my father’s monthly income.As soon as I completed my engineering, I got a job at Amazon. I worked hard, did everything to get more pay by working during night shifts and working overtime daily, also including weekends too. I basically worked 11 hours a day, 6 days a week to fund the whole GRE + IELTS coachin

My MS in US funding story starts with evaluating the biggest asset, my parents worked hard to set in stone - their house. Oh yeah. I am the evil son! Evaluating is the mess you go through for the bank which could fund my education. From a completely middle class family who doesn’t have relatives in the US, I was the first stupid ass to set foot on the US Soil for an “Education”(from my family of-course). Evaluated my parents home - got an loan of 36k USD (24L INR). Got my parents to reveal their savings they made all their lives, saving it for the old ages, to show family funds on the “i20”. Flew 

There are multiple ways to fund your studies for MS. Personally, my process started with a notorious and painful loan from SBI (State Bank of India) and after first semester I was able to secure a GRA that paid me ample stipend and covered all my tuition. Last semester was bit tough when funds from my project were exhausted and I ended up paying in-state tuition (due to GRA in previous semester) which wasn’t too bad. My only advise to every aspirant is “Please research your college and most importantly department of interest really well. Network, Network, Network! That’s what drives everything  

When I dreaming to go abroad for masters, everyone said it’s very easy to get a bank loan if you are going abroad for masters. So my MS was completely dependent on the bank loan. When I cleared all the exams and applied for a bank loan, they said I need to put something like a mortgage. We have agriculture land and I asked if it can be considered as a mortgage and they said no. So there was no way I could get a loan. My parents supported me and said you just go and we will something. As soon as I arrived in the USA the first thing I did was to look for part-time job/assistantship. In the first mon 

For me personally, funding was not a major hurdle in pursuing MS. I was fortunate enough to get funding at one of the top schools in the US. To give you all a background of my profile, I graduated from IIT-BHU with a degree in Electrical Engineering. I was the topper of my batch and my GPA was above 9. I also had published a paper but in a relatively unpopular conference. Funding was definitely on my radar while I was applying. I think one of the things that really worked in my favor was customizing my SOP to each college I applied to. Customizations included mentioning specific professors, thei 

Hello there, I had thought of studying in the US after I graduated way back in 2013, and the sheer thought of spending a huge amount for my master's degree was not possible back then. Later, I did graduate with a Master's in Computer Applications in Mumbai and have been working in the industry for the past 5 years. I thought about finally going for a Master's in the US in another domain, that of human-computer interaction, last year. I started reading up on program structures and their costs and began researching ways to fund the same. I approached a couple of nationalized banks and private one 

I moved in Fall 2006 for my Masters in Information Science from the University of Missouri Rolla The tuition at the time was 2300$ per course. So for the ten classes required for the degree, I needed 23,000 $ or 11 lacs INR (1$ = 48 INR in 2006) How did I fund my MS: Semester 1: Took an education loan of 11 lacs from an Indian Bank at 11% per annum as my safety net. The hope was to land some campus gig or assistantship so that I wouldn’t be forced to draw from the loan account. But as it turned out, I had to withdraw the first-semester quota of 6900$ or 3.3 lacs. Semester 2: Fortunately, just befo 

A2A. TL;DR in the end. There’s no denying that Stanford is an expensive school to attend. For someone coming from a very average middle class Indian family, it means putting your entire family savings and possibly even your house on the line. That is exactly how we approached it. There was no hesitation at all from my parents when it came to this. We had talked to banks and figured out student loan options because naturally there was no way we could afford the tuition and cost of living. But we all agreed that in the long run, it would be worth it.Luckily, it never came to that. CS and EE stud 

Studying in the US can be very expensive. Arranging finances often becomes a roadblock in a student’s study abroad dream. The best way out is to check your loan eligibility and estimate your future earnings to see if you’ll be able to repay it or not. You can finance your MS from the US by following methods:- Scholarships: Scholarships are the best option available to finance your masters. Use GyanDhan’s scholarship finder tool to know more about scholarships that suit your requirements.Personal Savings: Personal savings is a good option if you are financially sound but it is not a good option c

How did you fund your MS in the US? I didn’t spend a dime on my MS and ended up earning more money than what I needed for living expenses. Among the 4 schools I had applied to, one was a very expensive private university. Think $50,000 per year for just tuition. During the application process I had indicated that I will need financial aid from the school (which is still true because I come from a middle class family). I had a decent GMAT score (710, 91 percentile in 2015) and a good TOEFL score (116/120) and 5 years of work experience. I anxiously waited for the scholarship decisions. Eventually  

Was buying a house worth it, or do you feel stuck with a payment?
The answers here give great information, from a lot of different viewpoints. There is no “one answer fits all” to this question. Every family has to figure out what works best for them. Whether or not buying a house make sense to any particular individual depends on several different factors. Assuming you can afford a house, the variables, as I see them are: Are you at a point in your life where you're ready to settle down and put in the time a house requires? If you are working 6 months and travelling six months, home ownership is probably not for you, yet. Are you moving often in your job, as y 

I’ll take the contrarian position: buying a home was not worth it and I am stuck. I bought my home in 2014. Not the peak nor the bottom of housing prices in the region. My market is basically flat to negative. All the homes in my neighborhood have sold recently between +-4% of my 2014 purchase price (interest rates have moved up). Inconsidered transactional costs and bought a bit more than a starter home (~20–30% above typically starter home in my county). I didn’t want to trade up later and had the cash. I put down enough to clear PMI. I thought I’d be aggressive and bought it with a 15 year no 

I feel like I’m in a unique position to answer this as we bought the house we were renting, and our 30-year mortgage was only $7/mo different than our rent at the time we signed the papers. Financially speaking, when renting we had $1,450/month go to our landlord. This was 100% lost to us every single month. With our mortgage, we were putting around $600/month to principal and the rest to interest (which is also “lost” money I view as comparable to renting). If we sell our house for at least what we paid for it (no gain or loss in value), and assuming our landlord would’ve charged us the same re 

I work an an office were most of us make $50–80,000. Our ages are in the 25–40 range, for the most part single. There are only about 50 of us but it seems that every month I see a new car in the parking lot. A few of us have $1000 cars. I did the math. I’ll keep the numbers around the average and simple: Person A - New Car, Trendy ApartmentMonthly salary: $3000Living expenses (not including the few months per year you pay medical bills, plane ticket, car tires, etc.) $1200 Apartment price: $1000 (some are even more)Car payment: $500Leftover per month: $300 Now let’s look at a few of us who  

Definitely worth it We bought a fixer upper , in a nice older established neighborhood with no HOA There is no way I could live with all those busybodies always yapping about me breaking their stupid rules We’ve done some work over the years to make repairs but 15 years later it’s worth 3x the initial purchase price Housing prices are all based on supply and demand I recommend buying a single family home in an established neighborhood with no room anywhere for miles for developers to build hundreds of new houses This will drive up the price a lot more in a few years if your city expands , since the  

Buying a house is smart if you can rent out enough of it to pay the mortgage when (not if) you find yourself unemployed and lacking in cash flow. Buying single family homes and renting them out is okay as long as you are rich enough to ride out economic slumps. Single family home ownership, bought and sold at all the wrong times … as you have to move to get new jobs, SUCKS.  Let’s look at my home ownership history: My 1st house was a wash, I walked away soon after and got compensated by the one who stayed. I moved into a friend’s house. It was a 1500 sq ft 1928 Tudor on a little over 3 acres. Che

Well, let's me think about it. When we were renting, we spent $800 each month for 6 years give or take a bit for rent increases. That's $9600 annually or $57600 over those six years. In our first home, our mortgage was $1300 each month for 10 years. That's $14,400 annually (though not all went to principle) or $144,000 over those ten years. When we walked away from our apartment, we received our security deposit back and nothing else. Obviously, we weren't the owners so while it was easy to walk away when our lease was up, we gained nothing else. $57,600 was spent just to live in someone else's a 

Definitely worth it. You know the expression " Safe as houses. " I'm talking about the U.K. where there is a huge housing shortage and where you can rent it out privately easily. The councils will also be interested ( Maggie Thatcher gave council tenants the right to buy their homes cheaply. ) Councils pay the majority of the rent that they are paying for the needy person straight into your bank account. They used to pay it to the tenant but some of them were just drinking the money away. Your tenants are paying towards your mortgage if you have one. If you own a second home you will pay capit 

For my situation buying a house has been good. Either way if I'm not paying a mortgage I'm paying rent. I have to pay in either option. For me, my current minimum repayments are similar to what I was paying in rent so no difference. There are added costs (rates, body corporate) but in the larger scheme of things not too expensive. I'm also now living with my partner so extra income. We bought well below our means so it is feasible if we save diligently we can pay off the house much quicker than 30 years. A redraw facility helps with this. Currently the house would be a liability if we moved and r 

The house I bought in 2017 is now worth at least $80K more than I paid for it, plus it provides a place to live, tax advantages and the freedom to choose whether to bring in a renter to help pay expenses. I pay less monthly than I would for a 2 bedroom apartment in my city. So I say worth it for sure. Before you buy, consider many factors, including: Age and condition — are you likely to need to put thousands of dollars into repairs within the next few years? The location — what might happen around you in the next 10 years that could affect your quality of life and property value? You can’t contr 

What was the strangest fraudulent transaction made on your credit card?
One day I received a Visa bill on a card that had been closed for 5 years. The bill was for a traffic violation committed in a rental car in Toronto, Canada! The problem is that I’ve never been to Canada. I called the bank to report it, and they told me I had to file a “dispute of charges.” Ummmm, the card is closed. It’s not my problem. It’s yours. Nope, that’s not how they operate. They put the problem on me. So, I completed the form. They said I would still have to pay the bill or incur the late fee, plus interest charges. Ummmmm, the account is closed. If I pay the bill, then how do I get my 

10 years ago I worked in Moscow for one of the largest insurance companies. I was flying to Russia every Monday and leaving on Friday for about a year. On one of these Mondays I picked-up my renewed Visa card from my bank on my way to the airport. I jumped on the plane and safely landed at Domodedovo airport where my driver took me and drove me to my hotel. The difference was that on this week in particular, my usual hotel was fully booked by some company for their annual meeting. For this reason, I decided to spend a night (yes during that week just for one night as I had some more meetings i 

I got a letter from my bank that my credit card company, Visa, wanted me to call them. I did. They started asking about charges on my card in the past month. (I don’t use my card much — mostly for online purchases. Otherwise I’m mostly an old-fashioned cash guy. In fact, I can remember being amazed that I was ELIGIBLE for a credit card. When I was in my early 20s, it wasn’t easy to get one; you needed a credit history, and how do you get one in the first place?)Anyway, only the first of maybe 20 purchases were actually made by me. Among the fraudulent purchases were airplane tickets from Miam 

In 2003 I was living in Romania when I was contacted by Sears. They wanted to know if I had just purchased $5000 worth of jewelry in Indonesia on my Sears card. I told them the account had been closed for 5 years, and I’m nowhere near Indonesia. They asked about someone else possibly using the card. I responded that the card does not exist since I shredded it after closing the account. I asked how someone could use my account if it was closed. They said it is still possible to use a closed account, that “closed” does not mean “deleted”, but more like “paused”. They fact checked my story and in a 

About 5 years ago, I was the victim of a pretty serious hijacking of my credit card [number]. I still had possession of my card, so we figured it got ‘skimmed’ at a restaurant or something. Bank of America (my bank) called me about 7am. I wasn’t really in the mood, considering I was 19 at the time and didn’t like being up that early (I still don’t 😬) I think my caller ID said Bank of America, but they rarely, if ever, called me. I think I might have even answered the phone on accident after slapping it back on the nightstand half asleep. Actually, now that I think back, I had rejected the call. 

I once had my credit card used for a membership to online porn. It started with when I was trying to start up a small business and I bought some ads in a small local magazine. The guy that took my seemed very happy to do so, he was very friendly. I mentioned that I only wanted the ad to run for a month, four issues, and then I would purchase more if it helped my business grow. This guy was smooth, he knew that anything he charged on my card wouldn’t show up until my next statement. I thought I was being smart using a low limit card ($1000) so hat I could keep my business debt under control. A  

I have two. The first one happened after I took a trip to Texas. I rented a car for a few days before heading home. I paid for the car with my credit card. Anyway a few weeks later, my credit card bill came. It had the charge for the rental car. Then there was an additional charge for about $10 from the same rental car company. I checked my receipt and contract and sure enough, my initial charge covered the contract. Hmmm… First step is to contact the merchant, right? So I called the rental car company. As expected, I got transferred around a few times before I found someone who could figure out  

Had a “near miss” a few years back… told my bank I was going for a trip to Adelaide, S. Australia, via Hong Kong, as I have relatives out there… Am pretty clued up about travelling, take enough foreign cash to last the first couple of days and then use a cash machine physically located inside a bank branch to get any more, avoid stand-alone ATM’s, that kind of thing … enjoyed the trip, got home to the UK early evening, needed some groceries so drove to supermarket, got stuff, paid cash, and at last minute |I filled car with fuel, paying by bank card… about 1 a.m next morning, my mobile phone i 

Have been a victim multiple times, I suspect gas station skimmers may have been at play. The strangest would have to be an attempt at a transaction at a sports authority 3 hours away from where I live for the sum of $985. I am not the richest person and this was a relatively new card at the time, very few transactions. But the limit was 1k at the time and had a balance that would make the charge well over the limit. The transaction did not come to pass. I called the credit card, which was Discover. Found more details, including time of transaction. They told me not to worry about it and cancelled 

I woke up on a usual work day in the morning, got ready and was in my car to office. My mobile was set up on the dash to answer calls. I live in Hyderabad and the rush hour traffic is pretty horrible. You maintain an average speed to 10–15 km/hr with constant braking and honking. So I was waiting at the signal for my turn, bored to death, as the FM Channel hostess was blabbering as if there was no tomorrow, and she had to do it all at that moment. So around that time I got the first SMS: -  My first reaction was to look out of the window to see if I was in United Kingdom. I reassured myself and r 

How do billionaires like Bill Gates pay for everyday items —cash, credit, check, or another way?
Obviously billionaires keep all sorts of cash on them, usually including everything you listed in your question, but many also keep something else on them. The Black Card, which has no limit on what you can spend. A billionaire with that card could buy a yacht and the credit card company won't say a word. Not only that, but the card owner doesn't even have to be the one to buy it. A billionaire could simply call the credit card company, tell them their card number and what they want, and the credit card company will buy it for them. Think that sounds ridiculous? Well you'd be right if it wasn' 

I think the misconception revolves around the term "billionaire." These are people whose on paper net worth is largely tied up in stock, real estate and other illiquid assets. But Bill Gates does indeed receive a biweekly paycheck, and a very generous one. That money is probably direct deposited into a series of accounts that cover his day-to-day living expenses. He almost certainly has an assistant or a financial manager who writes checks to cover all of his monthly financial commitments, which we can safely assume are expensive and complicated.  Regular U.S. bank accounts are only insured up  

This is second hand, but from other interactions with this person I believe it to be true. I lived in Bangor, Maine just down the road from Stephen King. He is ungodly rich, but really is just a very down to earth guy, if a bit strange. Writing those books will do that to you. A good friend of mine worked at the local convenience store that Mr King went to fairly often. On one occasion Mr King came in and wandered around the aisles for a bit. His wife was away and he wanted to eat so he picked up three cans of Manwich. When he went to the counter he pulled out a stack of Maine State Lottery tick 

It depends…. I just finished writing this for another question: What do you think about the saying: “If you have to ask (the price), you can't afford it” as a person of wealth? It all depends on who it is and what country the billionaire is from. Amercian billionaires who are self-made, will be more “down-to-earth,” and will carry something, be it a credit card or some cash. I say “down-to-earth” because go to old money, where you’re talking about generations of wealth, life changes dramatically. Many old money wealthy families do not carry anything with them. They go through life either having e 

My parents are high net worth individuals (liquid and illiquid assets in excess of $140 Million). For most small ticket items they pay cash, as they don’t want to leave records of their spending patterns or have their names in store databases (they are a bit paranoid about privacy, I must admit). For higher end items they use credit cards (and even though they both have Centurion cards, they prefer to keep them for emergency, to buy super expensive items, or mostly for the great concierge services, not for day-to-day payments. In case of the latter they use non-impressive Chase debit or VISA c 

A college professor of mine attended the UN's Conference on Women held in Beijing in 1995. He reported being in line behind Warren Buffett and Bill Gates at the recently-opened Beijing McDonald's. Warren and Bill both apparently have a card that allows them unlimited free McDonald's. They were trying to get the staff of the Beijing Mickey D's to accept their cards, even though the staff had no idea who they were or what the cards said. They were apparently pretty adamant about it, including asking to speak to the manager. This story was told to me 20 years ago. The professor who told it is pret 

Particularly famous billionaires like Bill Gates probably don't buy a lot of everyday items themselves, for security reasons. You're not going to see Bill wandering around in a Best Buy picking out a new television, for instance. Nowadays, he could buy it online, but he's more likely to delegate a lot of the purchasing to an assistant on his payroll. More anonymous billionaires can get away with going out in public, so the question becomes whether it's worth their time. Paying someone to buy your groceries might make your groceries cost twice as much (or more), but a couple hundred dollars t 

My great aunt was the personal assistant to Orin Lehman (of the Lehman Brothers family) for close to 40 years. He simply had an "account" anywhere he went to eat, shop, etc. They wrote it down and were paid later by an assistant. My great aunt tells a story of the one time he took a taxi rather than a private car and had no idea how to pay. She said she didn't think he owned a wallet and had never handled cash or a credit card. He was completely baffled. In the case of the taxi, whichever underling was with him paid and my great aunt squared it up afterward. ETA: All bills were paid back from 

My family is very close friends with Mexico's top billionaire, and one time my cousin and I asked him to join us after my father's funeral at a small reception my aunt organized. So we went to his car, knocked on the armored window (he drives his car with no chauffeur) and told him my aunt's plans. He promptly answered with a “what should I bring?” And my cousin replied with nothing. However he looked down the street and quickly saw a street vendor and says “I know, I'll bring Sweet Potato (a dessert in Mexico known as Camote, that's basically cooked sweet potato in steam, served with a hefty  

Not many people can really know how people like Bill Gates (or Michael Dell) pay for things. There are less than 400 billionaires in the entire US. Only 1400 in the entire world. Billionaires are an extremely rare breed representing 1/10 thousandth of 1%  (or 0.0001%) of the US population. I would guess that money has no meaning to people like this. They don't work for money, and they don't think about money when they spend it the way normal people do. I suspect they go for convenience, which would be a credit card. Credit card fraud would be meaningless to them because they have assistants th 

How do you pay for your MS from the US?
I am an Indian female from Hyderabad. I am the average student from the tier -2 universities in India. I had the dream of going to the US to do MS and get a job to start earning lots of $$$$. I am from a lower-middle-class family without a house or properties or lands etc. Our family ran on my father’s monthly income.As soon as I completed my engineering, I got a job at Amazon. I worked hard, did everything to get more pay by working during night shifts and working overtime daily, also including weekends too. I basically worked 11 hours a day, 6 days a week to fund the whole GRE + IELTS coachin

My MS in US funding story starts with evaluating the biggest asset, my parents worked hard to set in stone - their house. Oh yeah. I am the evil son! Evaluating is the mess you go through for the bank which could fund my education. From a completely middle class family who doesn’t have relatives in the US, I was the first stupid ass to set foot on the US Soil for an “Education”(from my family of-course). Evaluated my parents home - got an loan of 36k USD (24L INR). Got my parents to reveal their savings they made all their lives, saving it for the old ages, to show family funds on the “i20”. Flew 

There are multiple ways to fund your studies for MS. Personally, my process started with a notorious and painful loan from SBI (State Bank of India) and after first semester I was able to secure a GRA that paid me ample stipend and covered all my tuition. Last semester was bit tough when funds from my project were exhausted and I ended up paying in-state tuition (due to GRA in previous semester) which wasn’t too bad. My only advise to every aspirant is “Please research your college and most importantly department of interest really well. Network, Network, Network! That’s what drives everything  

When I dreaming to go abroad for masters, everyone said it’s very easy to get a bank loan if you are going abroad for masters. So my MS was completely dependent on the bank loan. When I cleared all the exams and applied for a bank loan, they said I need to put something like a mortgage. We have agriculture land and I asked if it can be considered as a mortgage and they said no. So there was no way I could get a loan. My parents supported me and said you just go and we will something. As soon as I arrived in the USA the first thing I did was to look for part-time job/assistantship. In the first mon 

For me personally, funding was not a major hurdle in pursuing MS. I was fortunate enough to get funding at one of the top schools in the US. To give you all a background of my profile, I graduated from IIT-BHU with a degree in Electrical Engineering. I was the topper of my batch and my GPA was above 9. I also had published a paper but in a relatively unpopular conference. Funding was definitely on my radar while I was applying. I think one of the things that really worked in my favor was customizing my SOP to each college I applied to. Customizations included mentioning specific professors, thei 

Hello there, I had thought of studying in the US after I graduated way back in 2013, and the sheer thought of spending a huge amount for my master's degree was not possible back then. Later, I did graduate with a Master's in Computer Applications in Mumbai and have been working in the industry for the past 5 years. I thought about finally going for a Master's in the US in another domain, that of human-computer interaction, last year. I started reading up on program structures and their costs and began researching ways to fund the same. I approached a couple of nationalized banks and private one 

I moved in Fall 2006 for my Masters in Information Science from the University of Missouri Rolla The tuition at the time was 2300$ per course. So for the ten classes required for the degree, I needed 23,000 $ or 11 lacs INR (1$ = 48 INR in 2006) How did I fund my MS: Semester 1: Took an education loan of 11 lacs from an Indian Bank at 11% per annum as my safety net. The hope was to land some campus gig or assistantship so that I wouldn’t be forced to draw from the loan account. But as it turned out, I had to withdraw the first-semester quota of 6900$ or 3.3 lacs. Semester 2: Fortunately, just befo 

A2A. TL;DR in the end. There’s no denying that Stanford is an expensive school to attend. For someone coming from a very average middle class Indian family, it means putting your entire family savings and possibly even your house on the line. That is exactly how we approached it. There was no hesitation at all from my parents when it came to this. We had talked to banks and figured out student loan options because naturally there was no way we could afford the tuition and cost of living. But we all agreed that in the long run, it would be worth it.Luckily, it never came to that. CS and EE stud 

Studying in the US can be very expensive. Arranging finances often becomes a roadblock in a student’s study abroad dream. The best way out is to check your loan eligibility and estimate your future earnings to see if you’ll be able to repay it or not. You can finance your MS from the US by following methods:- Scholarships: Scholarships are the best option available to finance your masters. Use GyanDhan’s scholarship finder tool to know more about scholarships that suit your requirements.Personal Savings: Personal savings is a good option if you are financially sound but it is not a good option c

How did you fund your MS in the US? I didn’t spend a dime on my MS and ended up earning more money than what I needed for living expenses. Among the 4 schools I had applied to, one was a very expensive private university. Think $50,000 per year for just tuition. During the application process I had indicated that I will need financial aid from the school (which is still true because I come from a middle class family). I had a decent GMAT score (710, 91 percentile in 2015) and a good TOEFL score (116/120) and 5 years of work experience. I anxiously waited for the scholarship decisions. Eventually  

How did Jack Dorsey build Square Reader in one month? He said he wanted to solve the payment problem, so he took one month to build the square reader. Did he have to learn software and hardware, or did he have teams of engineers working for him?
What was the strangest fraudulent transaction made on your credit card?
One day I received a Visa bill on a card that had been closed for 5 years. The bill was for a traffic violation committed in a rental car in Toronto, Canada! The problem is that I’ve never been to Canada. I called the bank to report it, and they told me I had to file a “dispute of charges.” Ummmm, the card is closed. It’s not my problem. It’s yours. Nope, that’s not how they operate. They put the problem on me. So, I completed the form. They said I would still have to pay the bill or incur the late fee, plus interest charges. Ummmmm, the account is closed. If I pay the bill, then how do I get my 

10 years ago I worked in Moscow for one of the largest insurance companies. I was flying to Russia every Monday and leaving on Friday for about a year. On one of these Mondays I picked-up my renewed Visa card from my bank on my way to the airport. I jumped on the plane and safely landed at Domodedovo airport where my driver took me and drove me to my hotel. The difference was that on this week in particular, my usual hotel was fully booked by some company for their annual meeting. For this reason, I decided to spend a night (yes during that week just for one night as I had some more meetings i 

I got a letter from my bank that my credit card company, Visa, wanted me to call them. I did. They started asking about charges on my card in the past month. (I don’t use my card much — mostly for online purchases. Otherwise I’m mostly an old-fashioned cash guy. In fact, I can remember being amazed that I was ELIGIBLE for a credit card. When I was in my early 20s, it wasn’t easy to get one; you needed a credit history, and how do you get one in the first place?)Anyway, only the first of maybe 20 purchases were actually made by me. Among the fraudulent purchases were airplane tickets from Miam 

In 2003 I was living in Romania when I was contacted by Sears. They wanted to know if I had just purchased $5000 worth of jewelry in Indonesia on my Sears card. I told them the account had been closed for 5 years, and I’m nowhere near Indonesia. They asked about someone else possibly using the card. I responded that the card does not exist since I shredded it after closing the account. I asked how someone could use my account if it was closed. They said it is still possible to use a closed account, that “closed” does not mean “deleted”, but more like “paused”. They fact checked my story and in a 

About 5 years ago, I was the victim of a pretty serious hijacking of my credit card [number]. I still had possession of my card, so we figured it got ‘skimmed’ at a restaurant or something. Bank of America (my bank) called me about 7am. I wasn’t really in the mood, considering I was 19 at the time and didn’t like being up that early (I still don’t 😬) I think my caller ID said Bank of America, but they rarely, if ever, called me. I think I might have even answered the phone on accident after slapping it back on the nightstand half asleep. Actually, now that I think back, I had rejected the call. 

I once had my credit card used for a membership to online porn. It started with when I was trying to start up a small business and I bought some ads in a small local magazine. The guy that took my seemed very happy to do so, he was very friendly. I mentioned that I only wanted the ad to run for a month, four issues, and then I would purchase more if it helped my business grow. This guy was smooth, he knew that anything he charged on my card wouldn’t show up until my next statement. I thought I was being smart using a low limit card ($1000) so hat I could keep my business debt under control. A  

I have two. The first one happened after I took a trip to Texas. I rented a car for a few days before heading home. I paid for the car with my credit card. Anyway a few weeks later, my credit card bill came. It had the charge for the rental car. Then there was an additional charge for about $10 from the same rental car company. I checked my receipt and contract and sure enough, my initial charge covered the contract. Hmmm… First step is to contact the merchant, right? So I called the rental car company. As expected, I got transferred around a few times before I found someone who could figure out  

Had a “near miss” a few years back… told my bank I was going for a trip to Adelaide, S. Australia, via Hong Kong, as I have relatives out there… Am pretty clued up about travelling, take enough foreign cash to last the first couple of days and then use a cash machine physically located inside a bank branch to get any more, avoid stand-alone ATM’s, that kind of thing … enjoyed the trip, got home to the UK early evening, needed some groceries so drove to supermarket, got stuff, paid cash, and at last minute |I filled car with fuel, paying by bank card… about 1 a.m next morning, my mobile phone i 

Have been a victim multiple times, I suspect gas station skimmers may have been at play. The strangest would have to be an attempt at a transaction at a sports authority 3 hours away from where I live for the sum of $985. I am not the richest person and this was a relatively new card at the time, very few transactions. But the limit was 1k at the time and had a balance that would make the charge well over the limit. The transaction did not come to pass. I called the credit card, which was Discover. Found more details, including time of transaction. They told me not to worry about it and cancelled 

I woke up on a usual work day in the morning, got ready and was in my car to office. My mobile was set up on the dash to answer calls. I live in Hyderabad and the rush hour traffic is pretty horrible. You maintain an average speed to 10–15 km/hr with constant braking and honking. So I was waiting at the signal for my turn, bored to death, as the FM Channel hostess was blabbering as if there was no tomorrow, and she had to do it all at that moment. So around that time I got the first SMS: -  My first reaction was to look out of the window to see if I was in United Kingdom. I reassured myself and r 

Is it true that magnetic strips on your debit and credit cards are not encrypted and if a skimmer has been installed in the point-of-sale terminal, your card and possible bank information could be compromised?
Yes, this is true; credit card magnetic stripes are not encrypted. And perhaps more to the point, even if it weren’t true — even if magstripes were encrypted with the most fiendish scheme that could be devised — it would be of no help whatsoever. The fundamental problem with magstripe credit cards is that the information on the magnetic stripe doesn’t change. The terminals in stores only read the card. They cannot and do not write to it. So let’s suppose that your credit card had a magnetic stripe with encrypted data. And let’s suppose that I, a criminal, want to do some crimes. Here’s how this  

Edit: Thanks to Erin Berg for their correction. My response is edited, but you should read Erin’s comment for “the rest of the story”. Yes, the data on the mag stripe is not encrypted. It’s easy to build a skimmer that will read the account number, your name, and other data. There are three security measures frequently used to improve the security of a mag stripe. The CVV (3 digit security code) is not on the mag stripe. It is calculated from other data on the mag stripe using a secret algorithm. Your zip code is also on the mag stripe. When gas stations ask you to enter your zip code, the read 

Yes, it’s static content, and even if it were encrypted, as static content, it’s presented as the same image. This is why it’s impossible to actually copy protect BluRay and DVD DISCs and CDs. If you make an exact copy of the encrypted data, the player can’t tell the difference between the original and the copy. So you should run right out and get a Chip-And-Pin card, right? Wrong! There are a bunch of attacks that work against them as well, and in fact, the lines were moving too slow at Safeway stores, and so Verifone incorporated one of those attacks into its POS (Point Of Sale) terminals, calle 

The magnetic strips are not encrypted but what other answers miss is the content of the stored information. I was once hired in a company to develop an iOS app that can read a magnetic strip with an external device connected to the headphone jack. It was for making a POS machine using an iPhone or an iPad. the data that is stored is easy to decode. It as a semi-ASSCI format with only 5 bit per character as they need only alphanumerics plus some punctuations for separating fields. It only contains the information already printed on the card: The 16 digit numberExpire dateholder’s nameSo there’s no 

A2A. As others have said - yes, this is true. Magstripes on credit and debit cards aren’t encrypted. If you buy yourself a cheap magstripe reader from any good electronics store, you can swipe a card through and read the contents of its track. I’ve done this plenty of times in previous jobs when checking manufacturing of prepaid debit cards (and also gift cards). From the track you can get many bits of info (theres a visa/mastercard manual that explains the layout) but generally theres the card number, CVV (not CVV2, the number printed on the card) and usually the physical expiry date of the car 

This is true and the reason to use chip enabled terminals or the newer touch less. My account was hacked between two charges; a self service gasoline for my car, and less than a mile away I used same card at CVS. Both charges were under $25.00. That night I looked at my account online; there was another charge for $95.00 and 3,000 miles across country, for an escort service! No way. I called the issuing bank customer service, immediate reply was we noticed suspicious activity, we were about to lock your card, and ask if you want a replacement. YES, do lock and replace. Just a few days later I re 

Yes. I think I still have a PC keyboard around somewhere that reads the card if you swipe it and types the information into the computer it’s connected to. This probably became obsolete a couple of decades ago as far as actually processing charges, but if the card has a mag stripe, it should still work. The information on credit cards, debit cards, gift cards, etc. is quite readable. It’s not a skimmer. There’s no way you could hide it, or place it in front of the real card reader at an ATM or gas station or something. I got this keyboard way before chips were put on credit cards, so it won’t w 

The card information is encoded on the magnetic strip, but not “your bank information”. Yes, someone with a skimmer can reproduce the magnetic strip on your card and create a clone. This is why the world (other than the USA) has moved over to chip-based transactions (which cannot be cloned). Don’t swipe your card - that way no one can clone it. Also don’t shop at places which have not migrated to chip payments - they don’t care about security. Finally, for those of the thought “why should I care - the bank will refund me if my card is used by criminals” - remember that the criminal still gets rich 

Yep, could well be. But banks and credit card companies are not all that stupid and are starting to wake up. Notice the number of hack being done and have been done in 2019. There is encryption in emails via VPN, security controls via the lock and key icon on some sites you visit, two forms of Id to access some financial institutions, just to name a few. But unfortunately hackers are getting more sophisticated in their efforts of over come security measures. 74 views · View upvotes · Answer requested by Gary Korenstein2Tyler Weis, Digital Payment Solutions Expert (2010-present)Answered 1 year ago · Author has 53 answers and 68.6K answer views

This is mostly correct : it’s actually pretty simple to pull the magnetic strip information off a debit/credit card. However it’s purely an identifier for your bank account not the actual bank routing/account number itself Most banks have fraud protection that ensures your not liable in case of this happening. The new EMV Chip cards use a token identifier that changes so it’s harder to steal and misuse that information 45 views · View upvotes · Answer requested by Gary Korenstein1Richard E. Tolle, former Senior Vice President Overseas Operations (Ret) at Service Credit Union (1982-2010)Answered 1 year ago · Author has 350 answers and 105.4K answer views

I rented a storage shed, put my stuff in it, made the payments and didn't go to it for months. When I finally went my stuff was gone, and they claim I didn't pay so they auctioned it off, even though I did. What should I do?
First off, you need proof that you made your payments. If you rented from a chain, most likely you got e-mails to advise when your payments were made. I assume you paid on line or over the phone. If you did not keep any of these, your bank will be able to provide payment confirmation. Once you have the proof of payments, contact the facility or the parent/main office if it is a chain. If you kept the rental agreement from when you first rented the unit, it will most likely outline the procedure for a dispute and whom to contact. If it was a mistake on their part, this would be fairly easy if y 

This actually happened to me once. I was living in another state for about 8 months while my belongings were in storage at my home state. To start, most storage contracts have a maximum liability clause for this. So even if I had the Mona Lisa stored, I could only collect 5k. If you are storing something extremely valuable, talk to the storage agent. They can and will increase liability for a fee. I was fortunate because I pause my monthly fees online. All my receipts were readily available. The issue I had was I paid two months at startup. My second month I paid for 6 months. The storage unit 

i used to be a property manager for a national chain of storage facilities. first, you need to gather your proof of payments— we used to be able to provide printouts of a customer’s payment history upon request. next, they would have had to notify you by registered mail before auctioning your items. they need to have a record of that. request proof that they did this. and finally, the storage personnel would have done a visual inventory of what was in your storage unit at the time they removed your lock. they should have this proof that there was something in there to auction off. you should consu 

IF you have proof of payments, then first file a police report against them. Then file a Small Claims Case against them and then let them try to explain to the judge why they did what they did. Then take any judgement against them, have the courts issue a writ and then serve them to pay you. When you find you can’t get them to pay, you contact a collections agency to handle it on your behalf and they’ll go after their credit rating until they pay. Or if you know where they bank, serve the bank with a court-issued garnishee and have them pay you. 2.6K views · View upvotes30Related QuestionsMore Answers BelowMy family recently paid the deposit and 1st month rent ($1300) but the landlord is evicting us anyway. We can't get all our stuff out and he said if we are caught on the property we will go to jail. How do we get our stuff back? My tenant is not paying rent and refuses to move out. What should I do? My tenants haven’t paid rent in 2 months, can I legally hold their belongings until they pay rent or do I need to take them to court? My landlord keeps asking for rent a week earlier, What should I do? My roommate passed away. Do I have to pay his share of the rent next month? Jason RidgewayAnswered 1 year ago · Author has 974 answers and 664.7K answer views

You should have some record of payment. If not they would have to show that they contacted you for late payments. They have to give notice and time for you to obtain your belongings before they auction it off. Hopefully you have a detailed list of what you had in your storage area. Tally up what it would cost to replace what you had and take this list to the property management, see if they will reimburse you. If not contact the police, show them your payment information and let them know you want to press charges for theft. You can take them to court, contact the news, write a review of what  

Hire a lawyer. Give him receipts or some proof for shed rent payment. Request your property be returned. Sue for value of contents stored. Plus his lawyer cost, cost of your time, the $1,000 you had inside the Chock-full-of-nuts coffee can with your gold chains. Oh and add $2,000 to pay me for a secure shed design you will use instead of renting one. Davis Architect 2.9K views · View upvotes28Jack Sullivan, widower, enjoys the sciences, sociology, philosophyAnswered 1 year ago · Author has 9.2K answers and 7.2M answer viewsOriginally Answered: Rented a storage shed, put my stuff in it, made the payments and didn't go to it for months. When I finally went my stuff was gone, and they claim I didn't pay so they auctioned it off, even though I did. What should I do?

Was the unit in your name? Did you provide them a working email address and phone number? Did you prepay for a specific number of months? Did you put a lock on it? Did they provide copies of the email notices they sent to you regarding delinquent payments? Do they have a record of phone calls they made? You need to answer all these questions and a few more before you can sue them in small claims court for the value of whatever you claim you stored. But you'll have to prove that you had anything in the storage shed. 518 viewsSteve Starkey, I am Disabled.Answered 1 year ago · Author has 6.7K answers and 1.2M answer views

If you have receipts or bank records proving you paid on time every time, give them copies and demand compensation for the discarded items. If they refuse, gather evidence of the items and value then file a lawsuit. If you were delinquent, find out how long the business must wait before auctioning the unit and the sale date. Did they jump too soon? Before filing the lawsuit, find out the limit for small claims court. If your losses exceed that amount, you can file in regular court but take lawyer costs into consideration. 288 views · View upvotes · Answer requested by Kevin Weil1David Simpson, Reptile keeper and breeder (1985-present)Answered 1 year ago · Author has 18.6K answers and 4.6M answer viewsOriginally Answered: Rented a storage shed, put my stuff in it, made the payments and didn't go to it for months. When I finally went my stuff was gone, and they claim I didn't pay so they auctioned it off, even thou I did. What should I do?

Unless you can prove… (a) you paid the rent each month without fail, and (b) you actually had property in there - then you’re basically ‘stuffed’ ! You have to provide evidence that your stuff was in there - and that you actually paid the rent on time - every time. Without that proof - you have no case. If you can prove both of the above - see a solicitor ! 1.9K views · View upvotes112Caesi Bevis, Healthcare LobbyistAnswered 1 year ago · Author has 4.2K answers and 5.2M answer viewsOriginally Answered: Rented a storage shed, put my stuff in it, made the payments and didn't go to it for months. When I finally went my stuff was gone, and they claim I didn't pay so they auctioned it off, even thou I did. What should I do?

Go to a lawyer with your receipts that show they were paid and deductions / payments came out of your bank account or credit card. if you have that, you have the start of a case. What did you do with all the emails you received? When payments are made, they generate a receipt that comes to you by email. When payments aren’t received you should have been bombarded with many emails. 1.8K views · View upvotes · Answer requested by Kevin Weil62Peter Michael, PE/IT Petroleum Engineering &amp; Information Technology, University of Southwestern Louisiana (1977)Answered 1 year ago · Author has 7.2K answers and 5.5M answer viewsOriginally Answered: Rented a storage shed, put my stuff in it, made the payments and didn't go to it for months. When I finally went my stuff was gone, and they claim I didn't pay so they auctioned it off, even thou I did. What should I do?

Why is Singapore slow in implementing cashless payment, while China such a huge country, manages to implement cashless payment for the most parts of the country?
If a restaurant refuses to accept a form of payment, are you legally permitted to leave without paying for your meal?
Strangely enough this kind of happened to me last Xmas in central London. I took my sons and their girlfriends into an Indian Restaurant in Charing Cross Road. Before we sat down the waiter informed us that their CC card machine had gone on the blink and so they could only accept cash. I said no problem as there was a cash machine next to the restaurant at which I withdrew enough money to pay for the meal. We were led to a table and sat next to us there was an American couple who had been in the restaurant for some time. When the waiter gave us the menu he repeated that they could not accept pl 

Sonic I remember one time I ordered a meal at the Sonic Drive-in. I gave them my Sonic gift card (that had funds on it), but they told me their machine was down. The lady asked if I had any cash on me. I replied that I did not. (I did, but I was unwilling to pay cash when they already had my funds.) She gave me my meal for free. If I had been trying to use a credit card, she probably would have asked me to go down to the cash machine down the street, but that card identified me as a regular customer. But this, you will note, was me presenting a form of payment that they advertise that they accept 

In the US this isnt necessarily true in general. Now I am no lawyer but I can put in my 37 years of observations and knowledge. Cash is always permitted. Its legal US tender, no business can legally refuse it. Though Ive seen some companies try. There is very little practical recourse though, short of filing a lawsuit or filing criminal charges, etc. You obviously cant deliberately steal and its overkill to call the police. Now, it is also true that companies dont have to accept cash in some particular cases. These cases are when you havent solidified the deal yet. For example, Starbucks wont ac 

OK, let’s break this down: First, a restaurant has complete freedom to decide what form of payment they will accept. The only restriction is that if they do not accept some common form of payment (e.g., no credit cards, no bills over $20, no personal checks, no cash, etc.), then they have to post signs or inform you before you order. You’ll note that “no cash” was one of my examples. In all but a few individual States, businesses can refuse to take payment in cash, as long as they say so up front. “Legal tender” does not mean “everyone must accept this.” Also, I should note that even restaurants  

I disagree with an answer someone gave to this question, but I do not argue. I will say this—it is very expensive for businesses to take credit cards. You pay a fee to use your credit card, but the business also pays a fee to accept the credit card. They have to pay for machines to process the cards, had to buy all new machines to process the new chip cards (and many businesses are struggling with the new chip technology because their credit card machines do not work the way they should), then they also pay the bank a percentage for processing the payment! Credit cards are a convenience, they a 

I would say the answer here in Australia is no. A lot of smaller places will have a sign saying "No EFTPOS", so if you go ahead and buy a meal when you have no cash - not that extraordinary really, like who uses cash much these days - you'll be up for a nasty confrontation at the counter ending up with you leaving say your phone with them while you find an ATM, or it's the police. A trap for foreigners from the USA is we don't do cheques. Cheques went out with paisley flared pants at the end of the '70's here, a lot of people of the younger persuasion wouldn't even know what they are..."You're  

I’ve done this quite a few times for various reasons. I travel quite a bit and the most memorable one was in a restaurant in Miami about 3 years ago. Can’t remember the name of it, but they didn’t accept cards of any type, only cash. They had signs on their front door and at the front counter area that they accepted the major cards. My friend and I ate and when we got the bill, we put our cards in the book. The waiter came around to grab them, paused, then told us he can’t accept payment made with a card. I asked what he meant by that, thinking the network may have been down or something. Nope 

Hey there Captain, The last time I checked, the only form of payment anyone is legally required to accept is the legal currency of where you are. Credit cards, electronic payments like phone apps, checks (cheques) are not required acceptable under a country’s law. Why? Because it costs** the merchant money every time a credit card or electronic payment is used, and checks are just promissory notes that may or may not be good. However, if the restaurant advertises with decals on door, mentions methods of payment on the menu, etc,… they have locked themselves into an informal “contract”/agreement w 

Once in Thailand a local friend took me and my family up to a well-renowned local fruit buffet in a high rise building, where you can taste all the fabulous flavors of Thailand in one location. The sign said “Thai people: 60 baht Foreigners: 400 baht.” (about $2 for Thais/Asians that could pass as Thais and $12 for white/black/middle eastern people) Not wanting to lose face with my friend, and against my better judgement I accepted this racism (whole other topic for another day…) but when I went to pay the 1660 Baht I owed for the 4 foreigners and one Thai in my group, the waiter rejected one  

I’m going to take this question as ‘unable’ to accept the form of payment. I’ve been in two restaurants in the past year that accept many forms of payment. We Canadians love our debit cards, and I often do not carry much cash, if any. At the end of the meal, we pulled out our debit cards and in both cases, the waiter wasn’t able to conjure up wifi to enable the payment machine. This was their only method to accept debit cards (perhaps Credit Cards the old fashioned paper way, but not debit). In the first case, we waited ages while they reboot their system. Talked to the manager, waited some mo 

What was the strangest fraudulent transaction made on your credit card?
One day I received a Visa bill on a card that had been closed for 5 years. The bill was for a traffic violation committed in a rental car in Toronto, Canada! The problem is that I’ve never been to Canada. I called the bank to report it, and they told me I had to file a “dispute of charges.” Ummmm, the card is closed. It’s not my problem. It’s yours. Nope, that’s not how they operate. They put the problem on me. So, I completed the form. They said I would still have to pay the bill or incur the late fee, plus interest charges. Ummmmm, the account is closed. If I pay the bill, then how do I get my 

10 years ago I worked in Moscow for one of the largest insurance companies. I was flying to Russia every Monday and leaving on Friday for about a year. On one of these Mondays I picked-up my renewed Visa card from my bank on my way to the airport. I jumped on the plane and safely landed at Domodedovo airport where my driver took me and drove me to my hotel. The difference was that on this week in particular, my usual hotel was fully booked by some company for their annual meeting. For this reason, I decided to spend a night (yes during that week just for one night as I had some more meetings i 

I got a letter from my bank that my credit card company, Visa, wanted me to call them. I did. They started asking about charges on my card in the past month. (I don’t use my card much — mostly for online purchases. Otherwise I’m mostly an old-fashioned cash guy. In fact, I can remember being amazed that I was ELIGIBLE for a credit card. When I was in my early 20s, it wasn’t easy to get one; you needed a credit history, and how do you get one in the first place?)Anyway, only the first of maybe 20 purchases were actually made by me. Among the fraudulent purchases were airplane tickets from Miam 

In 2003 I was living in Romania when I was contacted by Sears. They wanted to know if I had just purchased $5000 worth of jewelry in Indonesia on my Sears card. I told them the account had been closed for 5 years, and I’m nowhere near Indonesia. They asked about someone else possibly using the card. I responded that the card does not exist since I shredded it after closing the account. I asked how someone could use my account if it was closed. They said it is still possible to use a closed account, that “closed” does not mean “deleted”, but more like “paused”. They fact checked my story and in a 

About 5 years ago, I was the victim of a pretty serious hijacking of my credit card [number]. I still had possession of my card, so we figured it got ‘skimmed’ at a restaurant or something. Bank of America (my bank) called me about 7am. I wasn’t really in the mood, considering I was 19 at the time and didn’t like being up that early (I still don’t 😬) I think my caller ID said Bank of America, but they rarely, if ever, called me. I think I might have even answered the phone on accident after slapping it back on the nightstand half asleep. Actually, now that I think back, I had rejected the call. 

I once had my credit card used for a membership to online porn. It started with when I was trying to start up a small business and I bought some ads in a small local magazine. The guy that took my seemed very happy to do so, he was very friendly. I mentioned that I only wanted the ad to run for a month, four issues, and then I would purchase more if it helped my business grow. This guy was smooth, he knew that anything he charged on my card wouldn’t show up until my next statement. I thought I was being smart using a low limit card ($1000) so hat I could keep my business debt under control. A  

I have two. The first one happened after I took a trip to Texas. I rented a car for a few days before heading home. I paid for the car with my credit card. Anyway a few weeks later, my credit card bill came. It had the charge for the rental car. Then there was an additional charge for about $10 from the same rental car company. I checked my receipt and contract and sure enough, my initial charge covered the contract. Hmmm… First step is to contact the merchant, right? So I called the rental car company. As expected, I got transferred around a few times before I found someone who could figure out  

Had a “near miss” a few years back… told my bank I was going for a trip to Adelaide, S. Australia, via Hong Kong, as I have relatives out there… Am pretty clued up about travelling, take enough foreign cash to last the first couple of days and then use a cash machine physically located inside a bank branch to get any more, avoid stand-alone ATM’s, that kind of thing … enjoyed the trip, got home to the UK early evening, needed some groceries so drove to supermarket, got stuff, paid cash, and at last minute |I filled car with fuel, paying by bank card… about 1 a.m next morning, my mobile phone i 

Have been a victim multiple times, I suspect gas station skimmers may have been at play. The strangest would have to be an attempt at a transaction at a sports authority 3 hours away from where I live for the sum of $985. I am not the richest person and this was a relatively new card at the time, very few transactions. But the limit was 1k at the time and had a balance that would make the charge well over the limit. The transaction did not come to pass. I called the credit card, which was Discover. Found more details, including time of transaction. They told me not to worry about it and cancelled 

I woke up on a usual work day in the morning, got ready and was in my car to office. My mobile was set up on the dash to answer calls. I live in Hyderabad and the rush hour traffic is pretty horrible. You maintain an average speed to 10–15 km/hr with constant braking and honking. So I was waiting at the signal for my turn, bored to death, as the FM Channel hostess was blabbering as if there was no tomorrow, and she had to do it all at that moment. So around that time I got the first SMS: -  My first reaction was to look out of the window to see if I was in United Kingdom. I reassured myself and r 

How do you pay for your MS from the US?
I am an Indian female from Hyderabad. I am the average student from the tier -2 universities in India. I had the dream of going to the US to do MS and get a job to start earning lots of $$$$. I am from a lower-middle-class family without a house or properties or lands etc. Our family ran on my father’s monthly income.As soon as I completed my engineering, I got a job at Amazon. I worked hard, did everything to get more pay by working during night shifts and working overtime daily, also including weekends too. I basically worked 11 hours a day, 6 days a week to fund the whole GRE + IELTS coachin

My MS in US funding story starts with evaluating the biggest asset, my parents worked hard to set in stone - their house. Oh yeah. I am the evil son! Evaluating is the mess you go through for the bank which could fund my education. From a completely middle class family who doesn’t have relatives in the US, I was the first stupid ass to set foot on the US Soil for an “Education”(from my family of-course). Evaluated my parents home - got an loan of 36k USD (24L INR). Got my parents to reveal their savings they made all their lives, saving it for the old ages, to show family funds on the “i20”. Flew 

There are multiple ways to fund your studies for MS. Personally, my process started with a notorious and painful loan from SBI (State Bank of India) and after first semester I was able to secure a GRA that paid me ample stipend and covered all my tuition. Last semester was bit tough when funds from my project were exhausted and I ended up paying in-state tuition (due to GRA in previous semester) which wasn’t too bad. My only advise to every aspirant is “Please research your college and most importantly department of interest really well. Network, Network, Network! That’s what drives everything  

When I dreaming to go abroad for masters, everyone said it’s very easy to get a bank loan if you are going abroad for masters. So my MS was completely dependent on the bank loan. When I cleared all the exams and applied for a bank loan, they said I need to put something like a mortgage. We have agriculture land and I asked if it can be considered as a mortgage and they said no. So there was no way I could get a loan. My parents supported me and said you just go and we will something. As soon as I arrived in the USA the first thing I did was to look for part-time job/assistantship. In the first mon 

For me personally, funding was not a major hurdle in pursuing MS. I was fortunate enough to get funding at one of the top schools in the US. To give you all a background of my profile, I graduated from IIT-BHU with a degree in Electrical Engineering. I was the topper of my batch and my GPA was above 9. I also had published a paper but in a relatively unpopular conference. Funding was definitely on my radar while I was applying. I think one of the things that really worked in my favor was customizing my SOP to each college I applied to. Customizations included mentioning specific professors, thei 

Hello there, I had thought of studying in the US after I graduated way back in 2013, and the sheer thought of spending a huge amount for my master's degree was not possible back then. Later, I did graduate with a Master's in Computer Applications in Mumbai and have been working in the industry for the past 5 years. I thought about finally going for a Master's in the US in another domain, that of human-computer interaction, last year. I started reading up on program structures and their costs and began researching ways to fund the same. I approached a couple of nationalized banks and private one 

I moved in Fall 2006 for my Masters in Information Science from the University of Missouri Rolla The tuition at the time was 2300$ per course. So for the ten classes required for the degree, I needed 23,000 $ or 11 lacs INR (1$ = 48 INR in 2006) How did I fund my MS: Semester 1: Took an education loan of 11 lacs from an Indian Bank at 11% per annum as my safety net. The hope was to land some campus gig or assistantship so that I wouldn’t be forced to draw from the loan account. But as it turned out, I had to withdraw the first-semester quota of 6900$ or 3.3 lacs. Semester 2: Fortunately, just befo 

A2A. TL;DR in the end. There’s no denying that Stanford is an expensive school to attend. For someone coming from a very average middle class Indian family, it means putting your entire family savings and possibly even your house on the line. That is exactly how we approached it. There was no hesitation at all from my parents when it came to this. We had talked to banks and figured out student loan options because naturally there was no way we could afford the tuition and cost of living. But we all agreed that in the long run, it would be worth it.Luckily, it never came to that. CS and EE stud 

Studying in the US can be very expensive. Arranging finances often becomes a roadblock in a student’s study abroad dream. The best way out is to check your loan eligibility and estimate your future earnings to see if you’ll be able to repay it or not. You can finance your MS from the US by following methods:- Scholarships: Scholarships are the best option available to finance your masters. Use GyanDhan’s scholarship finder tool to know more about scholarships that suit your requirements.Personal Savings: Personal savings is a good option if you are financially sound but it is not a good option c

How did you fund your MS in the US? I didn’t spend a dime on my MS and ended up earning more money than what I needed for living expenses. Among the 4 schools I had applied to, one was a very expensive private university. Think $50,000 per year for just tuition. During the application process I had indicated that I will need financial aid from the school (which is still true because I come from a middle class family). I had a decent GMAT score (710, 91 percentile in 2015) and a good TOEFL score (116/120) and 5 years of work experience. I anxiously waited for the scholarship decisions. Eventually  

What happened to the payments startup craze after they realized that 0.3% net fees are hard to live with?
Will we run out of 16-digit credit and debit card numbers, considering that in a lifetime, an individual has a handful of cards at a time, and only certain combinations are possible due to checking sum, etc.?
Do we have to pay editors that are provided by the publisher?
A romance scammer gave me a log-in password for his bank account and asked me if he could send money ($10k) to my bank account. He also asked me to forward part of the money ($4k) to his other bank account. Is it safe to log in and send $10k?
Is it good to open a bank account with Kotak Mahindra Bank?
I think what defines a company is their consumer support. If they cannot resolve issues consumers face because of them a dozen more ATMs ( which usually don’t have money in them) are of no use.Open the official Facebook page, there are on an average 500 comments and all of them are complaints which have not been addressed. Can’t see one consumer coming back and writing that they were taken care of. Similarly check the official twitter handle where consumers have written to Kotak desperately looking for solution to their grievances but none of these have been addressed.Try contacting them on 

Its services are worst, worst and more than worst. while other banks are improving their services day by day, Kotak people are taking help of false promises and miss communication.Miss communication No 1: To open a salary account, first they did false promise that account will be activated automatically in 3-4 days and I don't need to do any follow up to get it active. After two weeks when salary was credited for my colleagues, I came to know that my account is still inactive after doing follow up with customer care. This was the case when no document was pending from my side and they didn't 

BUNCH OF FRAUDS I am one of the unfortunate customers who got moved to Kotak Mahindra through the dreadful ING Vysya acquisition. Until then my life was peaceful. From the time the merger was finally completed this year, I have been facing several issues. It started in the month of May when one of my refund through Paypal took more than a month!! Every time I called up the customer care, they gave me different timelines, some said it’ll take 7 days, then it became 14 and then 21 days!! I remember one customer support person telling me “Madam, now you’re governed by Kotak policies and not ING!” 

Worst Service of Kotak mahindra Bank Thippasandra Branch. It all started on 3rd of sept I had approached Kotak Representative Mr Tarun for opening my current account and edc machine for my new business, as promised by Mr Tarun that to open an account it will take max 3 to 4 days and same for the edc card machine ,as I was in need of EDC card Machine so i wanted the process to finish off quickly. So i was to expecting the whole process to complete in about 8- 9 days max. Now the real thing started after rigorous followups with Mr. Tarun my account was opened which took about 15 to 18 days. Now I  

As of today, it has been 3 weeks since I applied for a current account of my private limited firm. I provided all the documents (and their requirements were extensive) and was promised the account would be active ten days ago. My account rep told me that there were no issues and everything was cleared. But I still didn't get my account number. When I called up the rep, he told me that the banking systems were down for all banks for 3 days (heh) If you're going to lie, at least be believable about it. I know compared to others, I've “just” wasted 3 weeks, but for a startup, time is critical. Inste 

Yes Kotak Mahindra Bank Current Account A current account is a form of deposit account widely used by professionals and businessmen across the globe. Current account is used for withdrawing funds and cheques written against the balance in the account. In this article, let look at the various types of Kotak Mahindra Bank Current Account in detail. Types of Current Account Listed below are the types of Current Account in Kotak Mahindra Bank. Neo Current Account Startup Regular Current Account Edge Current Account Pro Current Account Ace Current Account Astra 05 Current Account Startup Premium Current Accou 

1.It is worst bank I have ever seen and been even public bank is better .! 1.kotak won’t give you hard copy even soft copy whenever you will make payment you will just get a sms . Which help them to cahrge extra next as till then you would have deleted your message best way of scam. 2.I am not single customer you will found many customers. 3.Staff have no idea of treating customer even exexutive will react like boss there no proper coordination among staff noe way of talking no proper english neither hindi and many more.! 4.Uday kotak “owner” is richest banking man of our nation you know how kotak 

Kotak Mahindra bank is best,I hated this bank previously because of few comments in quota.later I wanted to try them so I randomly visited many branches I realised that your experience will deepend upon which branch you visit and whom you get to interact with generally you will meet customer service officer or service delivery manager,I like the branch wooden layout at first it was classic they attended me instantly ,unlike some other banks who doesn’t care to ask you anything. i said I want to open saving account they told me about AMB and charges I said that’s absolutely fine and okay they sai 

On My experience with Kotak Mahindra Bank, I am planning to submit nomination for Guinness Book of World Record. Since after my account opened in 2009 NONE OF THE OPERATIONS BY Kotak M Bank was easy. Every time for everything their back office make endless mistakes and takes their own time for correction. Even today my Net Banking is not working good. Once when I logged in to my Net Banking it shown me lacs of rupees of Liability and Account Balance in few thousands where as I had Lacs of rupees in my account and ZERO Liability. I was shocked!! I gone in to depth and found that for my CRN due  

Kotak is worst banking organization available in India. I have both a savings account and a Personal Loan from Kotak. My saving accounts was a salaried account, and when I switched job, I was told that bank will automatically change to normal saving account (by the bank front desk staff) if salary is not credited for some stipulated time. 3 years on and the account is still an salaried account. To my wonders 2 bank charges were debited for which narration had dates of 2 to 2.5 years. The same is not revered after assurance from customer care, couple of months back. When I went for a PL, even a 

Can I transfer money from an Olymp Trade demo account to my real account?
Which banks allow one to remotely open a US bank account for a Delaware LLC as a non-resident?
What is the most secure way to send money to someone without a bank account?
What companies provide fraud detection and security services to banks?
What are some reasons to open a business bank account?
What offshore banks do not require a passport to open an account and have no branch offices in the United States?
What are reasons to have two bank accounts?
There are many needs to have more than one bank account. The following is my live list of why I did it during my earning career: To keep personal and professional money transactions separate, not only for tax purposes but for our own convenience and clarity.To guard against a bank getting in to trouble and stopping our payments or withdrawals.To earn better interest on deposits or to get better terms on loans.To keep separate accounts for each family member.I prefer to have one active professional account as the mother account, and transfer money as required to another account for specific purp 

Yes there is particularly savings accounts, where there are terms on access i.e. the length of time you have to give notice (say 30 days) or can be immediate (on demand). These attract interest (or at least should do), but the rates at the moment are less than 0.5% CAR so hardly worth worrying about. So the advantage in the case of Deposit accounts is the tiered return, depending upon how fast you need the money. The faster access required, the lower the interest rate. Meanwhile Current (Check-book) Accounts behave in a completely different way and are designed to move money around both inbound  

It depends on the purpose of having multiple accounts… 🤔 The purpose of having a number of different bank accounts is a personal choice. If you’re asking if these help your Credit Score or Worthiness, no. As Federal Law prohibits any of your Banking Information from being reported to the Credit Reporting Agencies. Unless you give permission to a Alternative Credit Scoring Model access to these records. This is the premise behind such things as the Experian Boost Scores. Where the individual willing demonstrates that they’re not in the habit of overdrawing their accounts. Where keeping a certain 

I am a victim of opening too many accounts, I tend to open them to test out the new bank and see if it’s better than what I have at the moment and if it is, I change. My issue is that far too often I don’t close the accounts ( unless they have a fee ) and I end up with three or four accounts of which I only really use one. As to what are some good reasons, it would be something like no company offers the best products in everything, so maybe bank A has a great checking account, bank b has a better savings account and bank c has the better loans… and probably you would need to open a checking to 

Thanks for the A2A. Sure, you can have many accounts in any one bank, and accounts in more than one bank. In my credit union of many years, I added a checking account just for connecting to Amazon and PayPal. It rarely has much money, but isolates our main household accounts from any difficulty we might develop with those two businesses. When I want to transfer money through PayPal, I first put it in that little account, and then do the PayPal operation. I also collect money from Amazon for selling books, and get money transfers from PayPal, which I then transfer to my regular accounts. I also ad 

It all depends where you live whether there is a great advantage to hold more than one bank account. In terms of the UK, there is one main advantage, namely there have been a number of bank system failures resulting in people unable to use their bank cards to purchase goods; receive salaries; pay direct debits. In addition, there is the odd bank card that does not incur exchange charges when used in Europe. In the USA with their curious accounts there may more advantages. 47 views · Answer requested by Bill AstorInquisitive MindAnswered 10 months ago · Author has 182 answers and 50.2K answer viewsOriginally Answered: Why would anyone have multiple bank accounts? Is it useful to me?

People might keep multiple bank accounts for different purposes like One for investments related payments and other for spending, etc.One salary account and other account for miscellaneous transactions in case they don't want to clutter salary account with too many small small payments.In case they change place of residence. So for ease open another account in the nearby bank.For different facilities provided in different banks.Multiple accounts so as not to keep all the money at one place.There is one more benefit. The deposits upto Rs. 5 lakh in bank account are insured. So in case bank fails 

Yes, you can have more than one account at a bank. The account can be a savings account or multiple savings accounts. You can have a checking account or multiple checking accounts. You can have a saving account and a checking account. You can have a money market account too. you need to find out what fees the bank charges monthly to maintain the account(s). Sometimes, if you maintain a minimum balance in your account, the bank will waive the fees. tiu need to decide what type(s) of accounts you need and how to avoid paying monthly maintenance fees. go in and talk to a banker or call the bank on 

Plenty of reasons. Different bank accounts have different uses and properties. Savings accounts may have higher interest rates but charge you more if you make more than a few withdrawals in a year. Current accounts allow mote withdrawals but Lowe interest rates. If you are well off then note that you can be protected from bank going bankrupt up to a limit. Above that limit it’s worth splitting your money between accounts with more than one bank. Having more than one account can increase the amount you can withdraw if you need some short term money. You may want a joint account with a partner, b 

Yes, few banks do give the facility of opening multiple savings account. I would like to say that opening multiple accounts in one bank would restrict the facilities and schemes that you can avail of in another bank if you open your second and third account in other banks The reason behind it is that each bank has some special feature where they are actually best compared to the rest in the market. So when we can open an account in another bank then why not… I would suggest you to open as many accounts as you want with any bank but do not skip opening an Online Savings Account with DBS Digibank. I 

What is a good American Bank, in Mexico, to open an account with?
What are some lesser known mind blowing facts about the State Bank of India?
"99.3% demonetised notes came back, concedes Reserve Bank of India" Does this mean that Modi's demonetisation did nothing for India?
These kind of questions chuckles me alot! “99% of old currency bills have returned to the banks, that means there was no black money” “99% demonetised notes came back, does that mean Modi’s demo was useless?” “99% of old currency notes are back with the banks, so what was achieved by it?” Seriously, every time some wannabe economist on Twitter or that all round expert on NDTV starts speaking on Demonetisation, I stop everything else and listen to them because they are freaking hilarious! I have had n number of arguments with friends and family, mostly whom are either Congress or AAP supporters whos 

This question has been addressed multiple times over the past 18 months. Let me try to summarise: More taxpayers: Nearly 1 crore people were added to tax net and the 26% rise in filings is not proportional to GDP growth or population growth. Fighting black money starts with eliminating at source — get people to pay taxes. With 99.49 lakh new tax filers, income tax returns surge 26% in 2017-18Less shell companies: A key way the black money is moved around is through shell companies — that are businesses that don’t run any business. By tracking the money coming back to the RBI, lakhs of shell com

Given what we know now and the benefit of hindsight, it would be both fair and accurate to say that Modi’s demonetisation did nothing for India. But wait, there’s the good, the bad and something in between!! What did demonetisation do? It created both an aggregate demand shock by reducing the supply of money and also a supply shock by by constraining the availability of cash for economic activities. Growth slowed down to 6.7%— a four year low. The fundamental motivation for demonetisation was extinguishing the hoard of black money which was held in cash hoard. With 99.3% of cash returning, this as 

Demonitization achieved a lot of things for India: Number of tax payers jumped by 19.5% in 2016–17 and 25 % in 2017–18. Number of taxpayers jumped from 3.8 crore in March 2014 to 6.86 crore in 2017–18. Income Tax collection increased from 6.38 lakh crores in 2014–15 to 10.02 lakh crores in 17–18.Demonitization added 10 million new tax payers within 1.6 years.E-filing of tax increased by 71 % in 2018–19. Returns in 2018–19 jumped to 5 crore from 3.1 cr in 2017 (Increase of 60 %.)Parallel informal economy was reduced to great extent and formalisation of economy received big boost.2.5 lakhs shell 

First and foremost let’s understand how this figure of 99.3% came in the RBI reports, About 1.65 lakh Cr money came back to the bank post demonitization PLUS ED, Imposition, benamies have also seized money making it about 2.12 Crore in total. Plus, look at this 0.7% that didn’t come back we’re thrown, burnt…. That was also to the tune of 16000 crores. Another important thing is if money comes back to the bank, it does not mean it turns White…. Let’s see the Direct benefits …. Nearly 3 Lac crores are under IT investigations.About 3 lakh companies were deregistered.About 20 lakh tax notices have been

The following answer is a copy of my own article : Modi gov’s surgical strike(s) on Black Money. "Everybody was so focused on magician's right hand, that no one noticed him slipping the coin in his pocket with his left hand. He did it right in front of our eyes and in broad day light, but still we had no clue how the coin disappeared and reached his left pocket." This exactly is the case with black money and politicians. Whenever we start talking about black money, Swiss Banks are almost immediately brought into the conversation. Recently, a news was aired in mainstream media that the money park 

By asking this question the questioner is vlaiming that when all the notes are back in the system the purpose of demonitization is not fulfilled. This is a half truth sprrading in social media since some time now. So, lets take a look back at the reality. If you temember the DeMo time, after all thr queuing up and general rush settled government was giving repeated chance to black money hoarders to come forward by themselves and their tax was exempted or half the money will be accepted as white. Likewise many offers were announced. That clearly shows government’s intention that they wanted all 

I am going to rephrase this question slightly to make it more relevant “Does this mean that Modi's demonetisation was not worth it?”Of course demonetization achieved something. We should be wondering whether it was worth the bother. I had a friend who was overweight - he was 38, stood 5″10′ tall and weighed 120 kgs. He was conditioned on high-fat junk food diet and did minimal exercise and so his arteries were getting clogged. Finally, at long last, he decided to take control of his life. He met his Doctor who gave him a detailed process 1) Reduce his calorie intake slowly so as to get the body 

For this you have to understand the main reason behind demonetization. It was NOT black money.It was fake undetectable notes printed during UPA period because they had given contracts to the same company that made paper for Pakistan.These notes were already in circulation Demonetization hurt the opposition and Kashmir terrorism the most because it was these fake notes that were paying for their votes and the terrorists. Again just for the record these are undetectable notes made in the same paper and probably the printing plates were given by our very one ministers. I remember once a person I k 

Your interest on this topic and repeatedly asking questions is a point to be noted. The question 99.3% demonetised notes come back, concedes RBI and does that mean demonetisation did nothing for India. Do you doubt that the figures released by RBI about the currency in circulation.How come you believe actually RBI printed way above the maintained record but not shown in its inventory.I do appreciate your concern about the record maintained by RBI regarding its printing and its mode of distribution.You have a point. In Mysore one special assistant of RBI printing press was caught with cash. Simi

What's the difference between an NRO account and an NRE?
Why is Raghuram Rajan supporting ideas like Islamic banking?
What does the credit-to-GDP gap mean? And what are its implications on a nation's economy?
What is the best way to transfer money from India to Canada?
Which bank in India has the best internet banking experience?
I have used three(four by 2019), CitiBank, ICICI(2019), HDFC and Kotak Mahindra Bank(KMB). In this post I will provide detailed explanation on _my_ preferences and how I evaluated these. Before that, for those who want short answers: I would say Citibank, as UX (User eXperience) wise CitiBank is really good and they offer free transactions, but only if you have enough money to maintain their minimum balance in savings account, which is one Lakh INR currently(discounted, otherwise it is two). One exception - This condition does not apply if you have a salary account, I had one. KMB, If you want fr 

As per your question the User Interface of ICICI, AXIS &amp; even SBI are quite good because of the applications responsive &amp; interactive design. ICICI always stands out in certain aspects like technology upgradation, plugging in enhanced features required to user, maintaining high end software versions, implementing new derivative systems etc since it's inception, but when it comes to it's internet banking operations they do struggle with some configurative aspects. For eg: debiting money isn't time consuming, but crediting money still holds good time to get it processed. As per your requirement ab 

The best example I have experience is of ICICI. ICICI supported their customer by telephone operating for the insurance application service. Problem area The customers who visited the ICICI website called the agent to apply for the insurance, then the agents had to fill the document by asking each question one by one. Since the customers had to follow the long process without any visual instructions, sometimes they gave up for the application, so ICICI was losing the chance to close the deal due to the inconvenience. Not only that, mistakes with the numbers and the characters were often made due to 

So far, I had the chance to open a bank account with SBI, HDFC and Axis Bank. I have used the internet banking facility of all three banks, and today I want to share that experience with you.  SBI Bank For SBI, I felt the internet banking, as well as the mobile app, is elementary. When it comes to internet banking from my browser, I had a pretty decent experience as I was able to conduct all my transactions pretty smoothly.  However, in the case of the mobile app of SBI, I was pretty disappointed with the UI (User Interface) of the application. They recently updated the mobile app, and I  

This is a great question! It could be broken down into a number of points. I’m only going to take a quick stab at listing broadly useful points: Availability of logins and services. ICICI often makes it impossible to login at all. Sometimes SBI’s net banking services go down for scheduled maintenance.SSL security. This can be checked at Qualys SSL Labs. HDFC rates ‘A’ in all categories. onlinesbi.com looks very bad here: ‘Certificate not valid for domain name’. In another category measured by Qualys SSL Labs they get a ‘B’. I’m not sure whether Qualys SSL Labs follows links such as login links;

No joke, obviously Paytm Bank (PPBL) for highest speed..And…Hassle-free No-charges fund transfers within seconds..Virtual ATM card issue at the earliest like that of Axis and Indus.In matter of UPI payment it is still the best like ICICIIts IMPS and MMID system though not still existent, its IFSC is quite easy.It is best in DBT also..Its high speed in low network surprises me most..Cash on Mobile or Cardless Cash Withdrawal facility though not yet initiated, its wallet service is pretty good.Lastly its automatic fixed deposit service is quite wonderful..Coexistence of wallet and bank in same i

I have banked with StanC, HDFC, Dhanlaxmi, ICICI, Axis &amp; lot of others bank. But I can clearly say without ambiguity that ICICI Bank corporate internet banking is the worst site I have experienced. The corporate banking site has been made by idiots / crooks who just do not understand what a customer wants and how he should quickly get there:- A.      Continuous Account Statement – I can only get monthly account statements and not continuous account statement. Its such a simple thing that a big bank like ICICI us unable to provide.  B.      Transaction for current month – It’s a struggle to find  

Well this is a very subjective question and i dont have any particular name.  Its depends upon how comfortable you are with systems and financial structure.  I personally use quite a few banks but my favourite is HDFC. Its user compatible and i like the way use security questions and answers i.e. only you know the question and its answers; no hassle of transaction passwords or OTPs etc. One answer &amp; one click and done.  Sbi is also pretty simple but their TABS and design are really difficult to understand for a new bee. Once you understand the system, its works like magic.  For commercial usage, i 

Thanks for the A2A. This is a very subjective question. There is no best internet banking experience. The term best is relative in nature, depends on what you classify as best. However, let me tell you what I feelMost of the banks in India, now have internet banking enabled. To me the experience would be based on in no particular order 1. Whether they have any or all account opening and closing facility?2. Do they offer NEFT, RTGS and other fund transfer facility?3. Whether there is option to pay bills, book tickets and purchase online?4. Whether I can pay donations, taxes (all or most)?5. 

Based on my experience I think SBI has the best Internet banking because I am using the net banking facility of SBI for a while and till now I have not faced any problems paying my bills, recharging mobile phone etc. And the best feature I think is that, once I even forgot my user Id and thought I have to got bank and follow a lot of procedures in order to get a new bank generated user Id and password again after which I can change that user Id and password according to my will later, but instead I just searched if there is any option to get a new Id from SBI' s website only and guess what I f 

How do people transfer/take money from India and deposit in Swiss banks?
How do people deposit their black money in Swiss banks?
Will the Modi government's Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code be able to resolve India's Bank NPA crisis, help recover bad loans, and strengthen the banking system?
How do I get my 19-year-old daughter that lives with me to understand that just because I used a disrespectful tone at her does not give her the right to use a rude tone at me?
My guy says whoever asked this question is not receiving very much sympathy. I get at least in theory why you would use a disrespectful tone. You may have even had good reason to use a disrespectful tone. Even if you didn't your reasons are your own and therefore worth validating because if you invalidate your own reasons that's going to exacerbate the issue . All that to say I feel sorry that you were frustrated enough to use the disrespectful tone in the first place. However, I know from experience how often I want to yell at my dad even though I'm living in his house and he's paying for most 

UMMM, SHE HAS THE RIGHT TO USE A RUDE TONE AT YOU! You want respect but you yourself don’t treat others with respect? I’m sure that if you would have been keeping a nice tone with her, she would have done the same thing for you, but you probably screamed, and screaming at your kid is never a good thing to do:) If she grew up with you using a disrespectful tone with her, why do you blame her now? You are the one to blame for her tone in your arguments. Stop trying to fix your kids and turn a blind eye on the fact that you should change in order to be an example to your kids. And stop expecting yo 

We have to say, that you should never expect more from your children, than you give to them. A major issue in society today, which has lead to the exponential increase in personality disorders, trauma disorders and just general lack of esteem, is demands followed by guilt. You cannot expect your children, whom only have your example to draw from, to act any differently than you do. No matter what you say to them, they will emulate your behaviors. The more you punish them for this, the more existential conflict and confusion builds. This can develop into at best delinquent behavior, or at worst 

There's no way, unless she is quite a simpleton. There's some of simple rules which work in any relationship you are in. I think the most important ones are: Dont assume malice, when lack of resources is good enough explanation. (Your daughter is a non-perfect human being with her own features and problems, like your friends, your spouse and yourself.)Everything you did to the other person, you did your relationship. (Are you soiling or cherishing? When hurting your daughter, you are hurting your common relationship.)Talk about yourself, not about the other person (and be sure you are not lying 

How can you expect anyone to respect you if you are a hypocrite, respect is a two way street, and while it is important for children to respect their parents, it is also important for parents to show basic respect for their children. To meet it seems like so many parents have forgotten what it’s like to be a kid, when parenting my own kids in the future I intend to approach parenting with the mindset of asking myself, how would I want to parented if I where a child, or how would I feel if I had to follow my own rules which I impose on my children. I also would not expect my children to follow  

On one hand, it’s very polite and virtuous to keep your patience and not counter rudeness with rudeness. It’s an important, even essential, life skill to be able to endure unpleasant tones from customers, clients, or strangers without losing your temper and snapping back at them. It would have been very mature of your daughter to not react to your rudeness. On the other hand, respect is earned. If you, an adult, are rude to someone you love in their own home (whether they own that home or not), you deserve whatever response you get. I’m sure you feel that because you’re the parent and your name  

With all due respect, I'm shocked i'm reading this. . . She is an adult woman, who you disrespect by using a disrespectful tone at her. As someone who's been 19 myself i can confirm that even when we become adults it feels like everyone wants us to take responsibility like an adult but have the rights of a child, simply taking the treatment as one. It doesn't work like that. Talk to your 19 year old daughter the way you want your 19 year old daughter to talk with you. It doesn't matter if you created this human being, which in no way justifies this question. She is one human being with the same  

Well I mean it's a good thing she took a bad tone with you after you did with her. She smart enough to not let people walk over her or treat her that way with disrepect. Your her parent obviously but she is 19 and she is an adult. You could be stern with her in a loving way for whatver the issue made all this arise. But even when she was young yelling with hate at her wasnt a good idea if you did so. But I mean talk to her instead of trying to over power her as if she still 10 years old. Speak to her like an adult and she will return the favour. If she however started being disrespectful when  

Why do you feel its okay to be disrespectful to her? My mom and I didn't have a good relationship for a lot of years. I truly believed she didn't love me when I was growing up. I found out later that she did love me but she just didn't know how to show it. Being that she would tell me to do things before I got my ass beat made me want to tell her to f off. I didn't of course. I did what I was told. I listened to all the I am to slow. I am stupid. I am not pretty enough. I am too fat. Every put down that she could give me. I got married and left. I didn't keep in close contact with her. When we 

My question to you is, what the hell is wrong with you? Why do you think it's okay to be disrespectful to your daughter? Because you are Mom? That's not a good reason nor is it an excuse. I find it preposterous that you think it's disrespectful only when she uses such a tone of voice with you but think it's acceptable to be disrespectful toward your daughter. What is the goal? To throw your weight around and maintain your parental dominance? I tend to see this a lot in black families where the parents refuse to acknowledge that their children are no longer children and elders think it's disrespec 

Is it okay for an employer to take away direct deposit and force an employee to accept paper checks?
Can you cash someone else's check if they endorse it?
Can I cash a check if my first names are switched differently? From Robert John, they put John Robert instead.
Are there any checks we can buy that are impossible to scan into a phone or into someone's computer who would then try to send the bank my check against my wishes?
How many times can you redeposit a returned check?
Are bank checks or cheques still really a thing in the US?
Can I wait for a check to be cleared before I pay someone back? Someone sent me $1300 and wants $1000 back, but I think it's a scam and the check will bounce. I want to wait until the check is clear, but they said they will sue me for holding money
How likely is it for the Senate to approve the $2,000 stimulus checks?
If someone owes you large money, is it wise to deposit their cheque payment even if I know it will bounce, just for the sake of bank records or proof of the owed money?
How do I remove a PayPal hold after a limitation?
PayPal was created when there was no such solution for e-payment, a majority of big tech companies setup at the same time, should I convince myself that there's not much scope left today for internet advancement?
Is Paypal a scam?
Is it true that magnetic strips on your debit and credit cards are not encrypted and if a skimmer has been installed in the point-of-sale terminal, your card and possible bank information could be compromised?
Yes, this is true; credit card magnetic stripes are not encrypted. And perhaps more to the point, even if it weren’t true — even if magstripes were encrypted with the most fiendish scheme that could be devised — it would be of no help whatsoever. The fundamental problem with magstripe credit cards is that the information on the magnetic stripe doesn’t change. The terminals in stores only read the card. They cannot and do not write to it. So let’s suppose that your credit card had a magnetic stripe with encrypted data. And let’s suppose that I, a criminal, want to do some crimes. Here’s how this  

Edit: Thanks to Erin Berg for their correction. My response is edited, but you should read Erin’s comment for “the rest of the story”. Yes, the data on the mag stripe is not encrypted. It’s easy to build a skimmer that will read the account number, your name, and other data. There are three security measures frequently used to improve the security of a mag stripe. The CVV (3 digit security code) is not on the mag stripe. It is calculated from other data on the mag stripe using a secret algorithm. Your zip code is also on the mag stripe. When gas stations ask you to enter your zip code, the read 

Yes, it’s static content, and even if it were encrypted, as static content, it’s presented as the same image. This is why it’s impossible to actually copy protect BluRay and DVD DISCs and CDs. If you make an exact copy of the encrypted data, the player can’t tell the difference between the original and the copy. So you should run right out and get a Chip-And-Pin card, right? Wrong! There are a bunch of attacks that work against them as well, and in fact, the lines were moving too slow at Safeway stores, and so Verifone incorporated one of those attacks into its POS (Point Of Sale) terminals, calle 

The magnetic strips are not encrypted but what other answers miss is the content of the stored information. I was once hired in a company to develop an iOS app that can read a magnetic strip with an external device connected to the headphone jack. It was for making a POS machine using an iPhone or an iPad. the data that is stored is easy to decode. It as a semi-ASSCI format with only 5 bit per character as they need only alphanumerics plus some punctuations for separating fields. It only contains the information already printed on the card: The 16 digit numberExpire dateholder’s nameSo there’s no 

A2A. As others have said - yes, this is true. Magstripes on credit and debit cards aren’t encrypted. If you buy yourself a cheap magstripe reader from any good electronics store, you can swipe a card through and read the contents of its track. I’ve done this plenty of times in previous jobs when checking manufacturing of prepaid debit cards (and also gift cards). From the track you can get many bits of info (theres a visa/mastercard manual that explains the layout) but generally theres the card number, CVV (not CVV2, the number printed on the card) and usually the physical expiry date of the car 

This is true and the reason to use chip enabled terminals or the newer touch less. My account was hacked between two charges; a self service gasoline for my car, and less than a mile away I used same card at CVS. Both charges were under $25.00. That night I looked at my account online; there was another charge for $95.00 and 3,000 miles across country, for an escort service! No way. I called the issuing bank customer service, immediate reply was we noticed suspicious activity, we were about to lock your card, and ask if you want a replacement. YES, do lock and replace. Just a few days later I re 

Yes. I think I still have a PC keyboard around somewhere that reads the card if you swipe it and types the information into the computer it’s connected to. This probably became obsolete a couple of decades ago as far as actually processing charges, but if the card has a mag stripe, it should still work. The information on credit cards, debit cards, gift cards, etc. is quite readable. It’s not a skimmer. There’s no way you could hide it, or place it in front of the real card reader at an ATM or gas station or something. I got this keyboard way before chips were put on credit cards, so it won’t w 

The card information is encoded on the magnetic strip, but not “your bank information”. Yes, someone with a skimmer can reproduce the magnetic strip on your card and create a clone. This is why the world (other than the USA) has moved over to chip-based transactions (which cannot be cloned). Don’t swipe your card - that way no one can clone it. Also don’t shop at places which have not migrated to chip payments - they don’t care about security. Finally, for those of the thought “why should I care - the bank will refund me if my card is used by criminals” - remember that the criminal still gets rich 

Yep, could well be. But banks and credit card companies are not all that stupid and are starting to wake up. Notice the number of hack being done and have been done in 2019. There is encryption in emails via VPN, security controls via the lock and key icon on some sites you visit, two forms of Id to access some financial institutions, just to name a few. But unfortunately hackers are getting more sophisticated in their efforts of over come security measures. 74 views · View upvotes · Answer requested by Gary Korenstein2Tyler Weis, Digital Payment Solutions Expert (2010-present)Answered 1 year ago · Author has 53 answers and 68.6K answer views

This is mostly correct : it’s actually pretty simple to pull the magnetic strip information off a debit/credit card. However it’s purely an identifier for your bank account not the actual bank routing/account number itself Most banks have fraud protection that ensures your not liable in case of this happening. The new EMV Chip cards use a token identifier that changes so it’s harder to steal and misuse that information 45 views · View upvotes · Answer requested by Gary Korenstein1Richard E. Tolle, former Senior Vice President Overseas Operations (Ret) at Service Credit Union (1982-2010)Answered 1 year ago · Author has 350 answers and 105.4K answer views

How can I track my SWIFT transfer?
Is BAT a dead token or a potential coin which can conduct online payments through Brave browser?
What happened to the payments startup craze after they realized that 0.3% net fees are hard to live with?
How does credit card processing work and what exactly do companies like http://authorize.net do?
There is the process that how does credit card processing:-  It isn't necessary to have intimate knowledge of the inner-workings of the bankcard system in order to find the best credit card processor. But, it’s a good idea to have a general understanding of how credit card processing works because fees are incurred at various stages of the system. Knowing the lay of the land will help you to isolate areas of possible savings. Once you're done reading this article, check out our more detailed breakdown of where credit card processing fees come from. Key playersCredit card authorizationCredit card 

The term 'processor' is often used loosely when referring to card-linked transactions, and can reference most players in the value chain. As Matt mentioned, authorize.net is a payment gateway - generally the first non-consumer-facing step to process each swipe (or card-not-present) purchase. The Players(0) Customer and Merchant (not discussed)(1) Merchant Point of Sale (POS)(2) Payment Gateway(3) Payment Processor(4) Network/Association/Interchange(5) Card Issuer (Customer Bank/Acquirer)(6) Merchant Bank (Merchant Acquirer) The card payment landscape is difficult to explain - especially s 

Authorize .net is a payment gateway which enables online merchants to accept payments through credit cards. For online transactions authorize .net manages the routing of data to various systems, in the same way the credit card swiping machine handles the Point of Sale (POS) offline transactions. In simple words the authorize .net process can be summarized as: • Authorize .net customer enters Credit card details on the website which is integrated with authorize .net payment gateway. • Authorize .net captures the information and shares it with the Merchant Bank’s central processor, which in turn c 

The credit card processing system is confusing. The players are numerous and the process is complex. To understand how it all works, it helps to grasp the types of companies that are involved, and how much money they typically charge for processing a transaction. Key Players Let's take a look at each of the key players involved in authorizing and settling a credit card transaction, and then we'll move on to examine each process individually in more detail. The key players involved in authorization and settlement are: CardholderMerchantAcquiring Bank (Merchant Bank)Issuing Bank (Cardholder Bank)Ca

Authorize.net is technically a gateway - it connects to processors (Chase Paymentech, First Data, Elavon, etc.), which, in turn, connect to the associations (Visa/MC/etc). The associations connect acquiring banks on the merchant side and issuing banks on the cardholder side through a network called interchange. When a cardholder goes to purchase something, the merchant communicates with their acquiring bank to request an authorization. The acquiring bank communicates with the issuing bank via the network to request the authorization. The issuing bank checks the cardholder's account to make sure 

They essentially, use their economies of scale, to process transactions for you. Companies like Authorize.net et. al. setup elaborate system, networks, infrastructure, etc. to connect to all the Card networks like VISA, Mastercard, AMEX, Discover and others. Comply with their very strict security requirements and auditing requirements (fraud management, KYC, AML, SAR, etc.) I'm not sure if they connect to ACHs (in case of Authorize.net) but some payment gateways do connect to them. They then provide you with their platform to conduct a credit card transaction (online/offline), i.e. when your cu 

Credit Cards: Wow an amazing topic to discuss. Infact, I am working on a book on Credit Card, “End to your Credit Card Woes”. Please follow me for updates on Book Release: Now, lets come to your question and try to help you as much as I can here: Credit Cards are a way of borrowing money from bank or a credit card company. This is credit given to you without you asking to deposit something with them as security. How does it work: Credit Cards offer a revolving line of Credit.Let me give you an example, let us say you have a Credit Card with a Card Limit of 50k. And say, you made a shopping of 25k.

Credit cards are financial tools that can save you money or completely ruin your finances, depending on how you use them. One of the biggest money mistakes you can make is to use a credit card without really understanding how it works. I’ll tell you what you need to know so you never allow a credit card to get the best of your personal finances.   Credit limit When you apply for a credit card, you have the option of nominating your preferred credit limit, or the maximum credit limit available to you based on our assessment of the information you provide in your application. Minimum card limits ap 

Matt did a great job of explaining it but to elaborate here’s the breakdown of the players involved in credit card processing: Merchant (Business Owner)Issuing Bank (Customer’s Bank)Merchant Processor (First Data, Vantiv, Elavon, etc)Card Networks (Visa, MC, AMEX, etc)Gateway (Authorize.net, CyberSource, etc)Authorize.net is a payment gateway for ecommerce platforms. Credit Card Processing is composed of two stages: Authorization and Settlement. AuthorizationMerchants → Payment Gateway → Merchant Processor → Card Associations → Credit Card Issuing Bank (Funds Available?) → Message code sent back 

A Bank issuing the creditcard is called the “issuer” and can issue credit cards branded with any of the following brands - American Express (American Express Credit Cards, Rewards, Travel and Business Services), Diners (Diners Club Credit Cards, Travel, Corporate Cards, Elite Benefits, Rewards | Diners Club International), Discover (Card Services, Banking &amp; Loans), Master Card (Global Leading Company in Payment Solutions Offering Credit, Debit, Prepaid Cards &amp; More), Rupay (National Payments Corporation of India) or VISA (Everywhere you want to be | Visa). The “issuer” bank also signs up mercha 

What is the Chinese version of PayPal?
Why would PayPal refuse to pay adult content creators on Patreon? Why would it matter to PayPal?
Why did Tony Blair sign over the power to set interest rates to the Bank of England?
With Trump leaving office, Biden hinting he will raise taxes, and the capital being attacked, do interest rates have nowhere to go but up?
Why is charging interest (usury) forbidden in Islam? What exactly is wrong about charging interest in the first place? Why is it considered a major sin in Islam?
One of the consequences of the European “Enlightenment” was the relegation of religion, in the name of reason and inquiry, away from the public sphere of life to the private domain alone. This has resulted in a conception of religion in contemporary Western thought different to that in the Islamic tradition. Religion in the West is conceived as a set of rituals, moral principles and, at the most, some rules whereby a person guides or regulates his or her private life. As for questions of economics, financial transactions, social interaction, judicial principles and politics, this is the domain 

The main reason that Muslims consider interest prohibited is because the Qur'an which they believe to be the word of God, instructs them in many places to stay away from interest. For example, there's an extended section in the Second chapter (http://quran.com/2/275-281) that make it clear that it is prohibited. For example, from verse 275 " Allah has permitted trade and has forbidden interest." 278-279: "O you who have believed, fear Allah and give up what remains [due to you] of interest, if you should be believers. And if you do not, then be informed of a war [against you] from Allah and His  

I continue to be baffled by the number of Muslims who continue to think that interest is riba and therefore all interest is haram (illegal). This view is not supported by the Quran and has been rejected multiple times by the Grand Shaykhs of Al-Azhar University (see fatwas at the bottom) and in practice by the Ottoman Caliphate. We even have a hadith of the Prophet paying a premium on a loan!  Narrated Jabir ibn Abdullah: The Prophet (peace_be_upon_him) owed me a debt and gave me something extra when he paid it. Abu Dawud Book 016, Hadith Number 3341. The prohibition of riba is mentioned multipl 

In the name of AllahRegarding this question, it is necessary to say: Allah does not intend to ban usury out of dictatorship and it is important to express economic reasons which are the real cause for the issuance of the Quranic verses regarding prohibition of usury (Masaleh); Of course, if we focus on some of the Quranic verses, they express some of usury prohibition reasons:One of the reasons for the prohibition of usury (Riba) that mentioned by the Holy Quran, (chapter 2:279) is cruelly of usury; The Quran says: “… and if you repent, you shall have your capital sums. Deal not unjustly (by 

There are different forms and manifestations of riba (usury) which I would explain as under: 1- If a seller sells a commodity, which is sold by weight or measurement, at a higher rate against the same commodity, like, if he sells (3 kilos) of wheat for 5 kilos of wheat, it is usury and, therefore, Haraam. In fact, the sin of one Dirham of Reba is worse than 70 times of Zina with Mohram. In fact, if one of the two kinds of same commodity is faultless, and the other is defective, or one is superior and the other is inferior, or if their prices differ, and the seller asks for more than the quantit 

I recently had a long discussion on this topic as I didn’t really understand the logic in interest being haram. After having the discussion, it became very clear what God’s message was on the subject of Riba and business. Riba is another word for interest however from my understanding, not all interest is Riba. It depends on the circumstance in which the money is being loaned. We are permitted to do business but Riba is forbidden. So to understand the difference we must understand the definition of both business and Riba. Business is an economic transaction where two parties have a mutual agree 

Interest is completely forbidden in Islam in any form including the interest that today’s banks charge, because it not only creates misery and troubles for the poor debtors , but is also one of the major cause of rampant inflation that has engulfed all the developing world. As per my research, knowledge, and view, Islam does not allow even a penny (or any nominal interests) to be charged from the debtors, as some protagonists of banking industry propose. Although most of the scholars agree that riba is prohibited, not all agree whether it should be punished. And then, although, there is a consen 

Interest leads to inflation. Let me illustrate it with the help of an example. Imagine, there is a shop in your locality worth 50$.  Worth 50$ means that the value of Goods which are available for sale in that shop is 50$. Your 5 kids are pretty excited to buy something for themselves from that shop.  You hand over 10$ to each one of them.Now these kids have amount which is exactly equal to the worth of the shop. Which means, they can buy anything they want till there is nothing left to buy from the shop.  Now let's bring interest into the conversation. One among the 5 kids(lets call him A) decided to l 

Ok others answered this question with evidence to translation mistakes from Ribba to usury to interest. I will simplify the idea. Interest is not forbidden.Riba is not interest.Islam basically forbiddens money shark practices. What does that mean? You go to a bank and take a loan with interest. Then when you can't pay the bank, it rearranges your payments or gives you a break for a period of time at a delay charge that is not significant. For example 30$ fee to delay the payment for maximum twice a year and then commence the payments. This is fine and ok. You go to a loan shark and take a loan wi 

Because there is a clear Quranic injuction against it. But it is forbidden in Judaism and Christianity as well. However, Rabbinical Judaism decided quite early that it did not apply when lending money to non-Jews.  That opened up a niche business in the mediaeval world, for Jews to lend money to Christians (who couldn't lend it to each other).  Jews were often kept out of other professions by anti-semitic laws and guild systems.    Jean Calvin, the French Protestant who preached in Switzerland, was one of the first Christians to argue that it wasn't wrong - he understood the economic concept of  

How is Yes bank different from other banks in India and how does it manage to have higher interest rates? Is it safe to have an account in yes bank?
Why is charging interest (usury) forbidden in Islam? What exactly is wrong about charging interest in the first place? Why is it considered a major sin in Islam?
One of the consequences of the European “Enlightenment” was the relegation of religion, in the name of reason and inquiry, away from the public sphere of life to the private domain alone. This has resulted in a conception of religion in contemporary Western thought different to that in the Islamic tradition. Religion in the West is conceived as a set of rituals, moral principles and, at the most, some rules whereby a person guides or regulates his or her private life. As for questions of economics, financial transactions, social interaction, judicial principles and politics, this is the domain 

The main reason that Muslims consider interest prohibited is because the Qur'an which they believe to be the word of God, instructs them in many places to stay away from interest. For example, there's an extended section in the Second chapter (http://quran.com/2/275-281) that make it clear that it is prohibited. For example, from verse 275 " Allah has permitted trade and has forbidden interest." 278-279: "O you who have believed, fear Allah and give up what remains [due to you] of interest, if you should be believers. And if you do not, then be informed of a war [against you] from Allah and His  

I continue to be baffled by the number of Muslims who continue to think that interest is riba and therefore all interest is haram (illegal). This view is not supported by the Quran and has been rejected multiple times by the Grand Shaykhs of Al-Azhar University (see fatwas at the bottom) and in practice by the Ottoman Caliphate. We even have a hadith of the Prophet paying a premium on a loan!  Narrated Jabir ibn Abdullah: The Prophet (peace_be_upon_him) owed me a debt and gave me something extra when he paid it. Abu Dawud Book 016, Hadith Number 3341. The prohibition of riba is mentioned multipl 

In the name of AllahRegarding this question, it is necessary to say: Allah does not intend to ban usury out of dictatorship and it is important to express economic reasons which are the real cause for the issuance of the Quranic verses regarding prohibition of usury (Masaleh); Of course, if we focus on some of the Quranic verses, they express some of usury prohibition reasons:One of the reasons for the prohibition of usury (Riba) that mentioned by the Holy Quran, (chapter 2:279) is cruelly of usury; The Quran says: “… and if you repent, you shall have your capital sums. Deal not unjustly (by 

There are different forms and manifestations of riba (usury) which I would explain as under: 1- If a seller sells a commodity, which is sold by weight or measurement, at a higher rate against the same commodity, like, if he sells (3 kilos) of wheat for 5 kilos of wheat, it is usury and, therefore, Haraam. In fact, the sin of one Dirham of Reba is worse than 70 times of Zina with Mohram. In fact, if one of the two kinds of same commodity is faultless, and the other is defective, or one is superior and the other is inferior, or if their prices differ, and the seller asks for more than the quantit 

I recently had a long discussion on this topic as I didn’t really understand the logic in interest being haram. After having the discussion, it became very clear what God’s message was on the subject of Riba and business. Riba is another word for interest however from my understanding, not all interest is Riba. It depends on the circumstance in which the money is being loaned. We are permitted to do business but Riba is forbidden. So to understand the difference we must understand the definition of both business and Riba. Business is an economic transaction where two parties have a mutual agree 

Interest is completely forbidden in Islam in any form including the interest that today’s banks charge, because it not only creates misery and troubles for the poor debtors , but is also one of the major cause of rampant inflation that has engulfed all the developing world. As per my research, knowledge, and view, Islam does not allow even a penny (or any nominal interests) to be charged from the debtors, as some protagonists of banking industry propose. Although most of the scholars agree that riba is prohibited, not all agree whether it should be punished. And then, although, there is a consen 

Interest leads to inflation. Let me illustrate it with the help of an example. Imagine, there is a shop in your locality worth 50$.  Worth 50$ means that the value of Goods which are available for sale in that shop is 50$. Your 5 kids are pretty excited to buy something for themselves from that shop.  You hand over 10$ to each one of them.Now these kids have amount which is exactly equal to the worth of the shop. Which means, they can buy anything they want till there is nothing left to buy from the shop.  Now let's bring interest into the conversation. One among the 5 kids(lets call him A) decided to l 

Ok others answered this question with evidence to translation mistakes from Ribba to usury to interest. I will simplify the idea. Interest is not forbidden.Riba is not interest.Islam basically forbiddens money shark practices. What does that mean? You go to a bank and take a loan with interest. Then when you can't pay the bank, it rearranges your payments or gives you a break for a period of time at a delay charge that is not significant. For example 30$ fee to delay the payment for maximum twice a year and then commence the payments. This is fine and ok. You go to a loan shark and take a loan wi 

Because there is a clear Quranic injuction against it. But it is forbidden in Judaism and Christianity as well. However, Rabbinical Judaism decided quite early that it did not apply when lending money to non-Jews.  That opened up a niche business in the mediaeval world, for Jews to lend money to Christians (who couldn't lend it to each other).  Jews were often kept out of other professions by anti-semitic laws and guild systems.    Jean Calvin, the French Protestant who preached in Switzerland, was one of the first Christians to argue that it wasn't wrong - he understood the economic concept of  

Why are savings account interest rates so low if the economy (according to Trump) is doing so well?
Firstly, let’s remove any thought about what Trump says about the economy. Pretty much everything Trump says on any topic is an outright lie, and the economy is no exception. The economy is not doing well. The economy is literally on life support as we speak thanks to Trump’s mishandling of it. But that has nothing to do with why interest rates on savings accounts are low (almost nonexistent actually) Think back 12 plus years ago to the last “Great Recession” we had in the US. The GW Bush tax cuts for the rich, two hugely expensive wars for the oil barons, and the idiotic deregulation of the ba 

In the financial industry, it is always said that “low risk low gain, and high risk high gain”. What this phrase essential mean is that if you invest in investments that have little or no risks, then the returns will be minimal. This is because for such investments, a certain ‘guarantee’ of the principals or the initial investments we put into, will be returned to us 100%. For such guarantee, the bank will offer you a lower interest as a return. In fact, savings accounts attract one of the lowest interests in the marketplace. However, for higher risk investments, the returns will be higher…defin 

Well the guy is running for president after all so he's going to promote the positive whenever he gets the chance. At the same time Biden is going to promote the negative whenever he gets the chance. It's what politicians do and a smart voter will understand this and react accordingly. That said I haven't heard Trump say the economy is doing well since the pandemic started but I have heard him say the economy is recovering quickly in spite of the pandemic…which is true if you follow most indicators. But to answer your question interest rates are going to be kept low until after the crisis pass 

Banks take take short term deposits for which they pay interest to the saver and lend the money out to consumers and businesses typically for a longer term such as a 30 year mortgage for which they charge a higher interest rate than they pay for the deposits. Basically we have a standard supply and demand function. Basically, banks are paying such low rates on savings because they have way more cash (deposits) than they need for loans. If the demand for money to borrow was higher than the supply of money to lend then savings rates and loan rates would increase. Rates paid to savers as so low cu 

ONE, has nothing to do with the other. The interest rate you earn in a savings account is determined by prevailing rates that a bank can effectively borrow themselves, plus a margin, and/or the rate they can effectively lend to customers. ALL these rates are for the most part determined by the prevailing rate/yield on US Treasury securities, again, plus a margin. As there is no discernible inflation in today’s economy, rates will remain low. It is also why the economy is so-so. Without the demand for money that inflation portends, the growth of GDP is somewhat limited. 35 views · View upvotes · Answer requested by L. Stewart Hearl2Sponsored by The Legacy ReportMan who predicted the 2020 crash issues the next "second wave."Do you have money invested in the stock market? This is the can't miss interview of 2021.Learn MoreDavid Martinez, Ph.D. ABD from University of ArkansasAnswered October 12, 2020 · Author has 755 answers and 215.4K answer views

Interest rates reflect the rates set by the Fed. The fed sets these rates to influence the economy. Presently, the Fed has the rate set at nearly zero, and this is why interest rates are so low. The other side of the coin is that people who are buying houses on fixed rate mortgages right now are getting really good financing packages due to the low fed rate. But none of this answers the relationship to the economy that you asked about. Trump is seeking reelection, and part of his strategy to get votes is to have the stock market be high because most people think that if the stock market is high 

Because for years, most people didn't save because they couldn't. If they had a 401k it was like pennies from heaven. People are earning more over the last two years and consequently, people are saving hard. They are hoarding cash waiting to see if is all goes away in November. If all remains similar, there will be an enormous use of cash in the local economies. Otherwise it will sit till needed on bills. Savings deposits are up over 30% this last quarter which is unprecedented and fantastic news. 10 views · View upvotes · Answer requested by L. Stewart Hearl1Bill Tirrill, BA &amp; ABD, Philosophy, from Temple UniversityAnswered November 29, 2020 · Author has 1.9K answers and 122.4K answer views

What’s the connection? What do you think should be the relationship between savings account interest and how well the economy is doing? When the economy is doing well, that doesn’t mean that every part of it is doing well. They can’t, because some parts work against others. For instance, if the economy is doing well, how does that affect the business of pawn shops? Or the sales of used cars? 26 views · View upvotes · Answer requested by L. Stewart Hearl12James Juris, former Former Mutual Fund Sales Person  at Prudential Insurance Company (1983-1987)Answered November 28, 2020 · Author has 1.3K answers and 116.6K answer views

Banks can’t pay higher interest rates out to their banking customers than what they can earn. If they did they would go out of business. Interest rates are currently at close to zero so bank savings account interest rates are also going to be very close to zero. There are some banks with online branches only that you may want to check out if you are looking for a higher rate of interest than what a bank will pay. Check out the interest rates paid by credit unions in your area too. 24 views · View upvotes · Answer requested by L. Stewart Hearl1Shea Cooney, works at Driver/InvestorAnswered October 14, 2020 · Author has 860 answers and 93.2K answer views

Because the fed funds rate is at zero. This means the money that banks borrow from the fed or other banks is near zero. This in turn lowers the interest rate for retail and commercial lenders. This is all part of the quantitative easing policies from 2008. It was designed to lower interest rates to spur spending to boost the economy. It has failed miserably. 17 views · View upvotes · Answer requested by L. Stewart Hearl1Mark Mehling, lives in FloridaAnswered October 11, 2020 · Author has 5.7K answers and 1.7M answer views

One of my economics professors felt the best thing for our economy is to stop controlling interest rates and the economy would sort itself out. Do you agree?
One of the things you will find after you study economics in earnest - meaning, studying to understand economics, and not just pass the tests - is that introductory economics texts include a lot of garbage that is demonstrably incorrect. Econ 101 is there to teach some fundamentals, and that’s about it. So, for example, interest rates are supposed to rise as the demand for loans goes up, because (according to the text) there is a limited supply of loanable funds. In reality, those “loanable funds” are created on balance sheets, and they are, in fact, unlimited. Another thing you will find is tha 

“One of my economics professors felt the best thing for our economy is to stop controlling interest rates and the economy would sort itself out. Do you agree?” He’s correct. While “sort itself out” misses the impact of everything else going on, getting rid of interference in interest rates would be a great step forward, and beneficial for everyone. Interest rates are not arbitrary, they’re not all equal. Interest rates are a market expression of the balance between savings, investment, borrowing, and consumption. When generated spontaneously, interest rates communicate the availability of uncons 

That is an ideological opinion, not an objective one. How does your professor's opinion compare with the historical evidence? Where the government has left the economy to it's devices, to the whim of supposedly infallible market forces, what happened? What are the lessons of the Great Depression? The lesson of history is that we learn nothing from history. The lesson of economic theory is that it must be subject to the human condition and circumstances. Unfortunately, the accepted, conventional theory, at any time, is mostly governed by ideological interests. How has China been able to consistently  

No, that would be bad— there’s been a lot of corporate debt that The Federal Reserve helped create by keeping interest rates low for a decade, and a lot of investors are going to lose a lot of money if The Federal Reserve doesn’t create money to push interest rates down again so we can keep selling these high-risk bonds to people whose money market accounts aren’t going to return them anything significant anyway. That’s a joke, but a true one, poking fun at folks who want to know where people got their PhD from. Economists who know a thing or two about trading assets tend to love The Fed— The Fe 

I agree with Curt Howland &amp; others that interest rates relate to the price of having something now vs. having it later. We can infer real interest rates in a barter economy, as long as some deals involve value delivered now in exchange for value delivered in the future. However, they do not explain the creation &amp; destruction of money. If a central bank can at any time create a glut or (less likely) a shortage of money to lend then interest rates are still to some extend dictated rather than found by a market. If instead we go back to a narrow commodity standard then we will have the problems m 

Well, everything will ‘sort itself out’, eventually, so in an unsophisticated, ‘non-real-world’ way, your instructor is right, sort of. The problem is, ‘eventually’ might be twenty years. How do you tell someone he has to remain unemployed for nineteen more years, just to prevent gov’t from solving his problem now? The gov’t plays a major role in GDP (about 25% of GDP arises from gov’t spending). Gov’t spending and interest rates are within the ability of gov’t to control. I guess your doctor would be right to tell you that he won’t intervene in your illness, because eventually it would go away.  

There was a time before the Federal Reserve, when the economy “sorted itself out” every 20 years or so. Properly speaking, they were called “panics,” as in the panic of 1819, the panic of 1837, the panic of 1857, the panic of 1873, the panic of 1893, and panic of 1907 when we finally decided to try something else. All these panics left a wreckage of bankruptcies, lost farms (back when farming was big), and failed banks. Because the economy runs on credit, and a sudden drying up of the credit markets can rapidly turn a liquidity crisis into a solvency crisis, particularly when banks are poorly  

This is the synopsis of my upcoming book “Solving the Interest Rate Mystery”: What is interest rate? Almost all economists of the past have tried to explain it, to no avail. Irving Fisher equated it to impatience, Martin Feldstein confused it with profit rate, John M. Keynes said it was the price for being liquid, Paul A. Samuelson took population growth rate for it, while Böhm-Bawerk linked it to something called roundabout. Since nobody knew exactly what interest rate was, Modigliani &amp; Miller (MM) advocated unlimited borrowing, Samuelson recommended using more capital even when interest rate i 

Controling interest rates is the same as controlling the money supply and the US let the market do that until the creation of the FED. Before then banks created money/bank notes that served as money which was the market solution. If it had worked they would not have created the FED. I suggest you ask your economic professor to look at banking history in the US. and if he has a better market based solution before you accept his ideas as right. 15 viewsJohn Geare, studied at St. James' SchoolAnswered 1 year ago · Author has 10.8K answers and 40.6M answer views

Your professor is an idiot. Without intervention by the central bank, indeed, yes, the economy would sort itself out. Much to the detriment of the people living and working within the economy. Influencing the economy through monetary policy is in the nature of a steering correction. Try driving your car without steering it. Everything will work out. The driver and maybe others dead, property damaged or destroyed. I can only hope your professor is the driver. 141 views · View upvotes42Bill Terrell, Investing for over 25 years.Answered 1 year ago · Author has 2.9K answers and 594.9K answer views

In which way will a home buyer pay less in interest, paying off 15 years fixed on time or paying off 30 years fixed mortgage by paying additional principal everything month?
With rising interest rates and overpriced markets, is it a bad time to buy real estate in the US?
How can I get a student loan with little or no interest rate in Nigeria? I need to purchase a laptop for a design course at my school (University of Lagos).
What stocks should I buy with $100?
What is the role of patience in the stock market investing?
What is the best stock to invest in for the Coronavirus?
here I am gonna mention 2 high-quality stocks which are only affected by the corona outbreak. once things get to normal these stocks will rise for sure and will more likely to reach their full potential. IRCTC - Indian Railway Catering &amp; Tourism Corp Ltd fundamentals of IRCTC are strong and making consistent profits before the corona outbreak. here consider share price before corona and after corona (before corona ) on Feb 25, 2020, 1951.95 INR (after corona) on Mar 25, 2020, 815.40 INR just in the span of a month, IRCTC share price fell by more than 60%. it reached 1031.50 INR on April 1 2020. REASONS 

The following answer is subject to my opinion and I would never suggest anyone to invest without research of their own. Also I suppose you are looking for stocks on a short term basis. Following a top down approach of selecting let's us first look for sectors outperforming during current correction. The first and an obvious sector is of course pharmaceutical. They have reached their post March high and some have also made new 52 weeks high . So it's not hard to see that these stocks are not adversely affected by current correction and they are in uptrend. The situations like the present one, the m 

It depends on your risk tolerance. Everything is volatile right now. If you cannot tolerate much risk, just don’t buy anything. Even how promising something might sound, we are still uncertain in the market right now at this time of writing. If you can tolerate some risk, (yes, SPX went down almost 10 percent today), you might invest in the SQQQ thinking the SPX will still go down because of the coronavirus. If you think things are just going to get worse, this might be a good opportunity. Furthermore, if you think the market will bounce back, invest in the SPX. However, I don’t like to invest i 

Apple shares have been in pullback mode ever since the iPhone maker slashed its fiscal second-quarter revenue forecast on account of the coronavirus outbreak. The company pointed out that the shutdown of many of its own stores (as well as partner stores) in China, will hurt iPhone sales. At the same time, Apple's China-based supply chain has been ramping up at a slower-than-expected pace, which is expected to hamper production. After much investigations and research i have made about how to earn more profit on cryptocurrency legitimately, I will recommend CryptoExchangeFX Cryptocurrency Investm 

Here is a list of stocks that offer compelling opportunities for investors right now, according to analysts from Raymond James, Morningstar, and Bespoke Investment Group. Healthcare In the healthcare space, Gilead Sciences (GILD) has emerged at the forefront of response efforts thanks to a drug originally developed for Ebola but that has shown promising preliminary results in fighting COVID-19—all three firms recommend the stock, now worth $70 per share, that’s up almost 3% over the last month compared to the market’s widespread losses. Clorox (CLX), the maker of disinfectant wipes, has benefitte

Hello, These are unprecedented times and the future is very bleak and unpredictable. Most of the valuation models would have never incorporated such kind of a situation/parameter while predicting future returns. My recommendation would be to invest in stocks which have the capability and capacity to survive these difficult times. You can look at the below factors while you look for stocks to invest. Companies with limited debt (This puts less pressure on cashflows)Good management (Corporate Governance)Avoid sectors directly affected due to Covid19 (Travel &amp; Tourism)Companies with good cash reserv

Using the voice to text so please excuse any grammatical what nots, I'm not going back to correct them, it's a pain in the butt on the phone. I am but a simple working man not to say I'm simple far from that , and have nothing invested in the market but I've made a couple of good predictions over the years to my wealthy friends or let's just say associates because they're cheap bastards and never share anything, but I would invest in any type of delivery service, especially the grocery delivery services. I don't know how many of them have gone public but that is something that was taking off p 

Good Evening! Fundamental Analysis: Fundamental analysis is a thorough research of a company carried out with the intention of buying the shares for long-term investment. It involves studying the profitability of the operations, assets and liabilities position, cash flows, etc., as well as market conditions. Investors should ideally look at the fundamental analysis of the stocks if they intend to stay invested in a stock for several years. Traders, who look at booking short-term profits or intraday gains, typically follow the technical analysis of a stock. So, if you are investing in stocks for m 

 One of the best and most interesting assets to invest in during the COVID19 crisis is a new stock-like asset called Kor. Although Kor is not a stock in the strict sense, that is precisely one of the reasons that make it a good investment, because it’s an equity asset that is made to be traded within a secondary market, with the same level of liquidity as a public traded stock, but with no correlation to the stock markets themselves, and thus a lower level of volatility. Kor represents equities from a company called Konzortia Capital, which is developing a large scale financial technological fram 

The whole world will be having a different scenario as soon as we end the pandemic. We can definitely say that due to this Corona virus pandemic we may soon see financial crisis around the world. In Indian stocks market it has been seen that after every correction the market leaders changes. Before our market leaders were Banks, ITs and PSU’s. According to me next leaders will be from pharma sector, metal sector and Fmcg sector. These are the sectors which are least affected from Corona virus pandemic. According to me Investments in Pharma and fmcg for over next few years will give you good returns 

I want to start investing. Where should I begin? I'm 21.
That is an amazing age to start thinking of setting your self up for success (By the end of this post I will show you how you can make $4,000 per month with no start up capital of your own in 5 days). Have you ever heard the saying there are no bad investments only bad investors? BE-DO-HAVE The first and most important place to start is to build up yourself confidence and belief in yourself. There are alot of useful resources from Les Brown to Tony Robbins. Find one person that you vibe with and listen to them(This is the who do you have to BE part of investing. Who do you have to be to be able t 

Whether you’re saving for retirement or seeking wealth through the magic of compound growth, the “secret” is really just a simple three-step plan: Earn a decent living and live beneath your meansInvest that difference automatically, and increase the investment with each raiseInvest in a way that takes advantage of your tax situation and choose ultra-low-cost (0.20% per year or less), passively managed, widely diversified (across stocks and bonds and across domestic and international) index funds that are appropriately balanced for your age.The first thing you want to realize is that you do not  

Too many people gave life advice so I am going to focus specifically on investing your money and particularly in stocks. If you read carefully what I just said - “focus specifically on investing your money” - it should be apparent that the first step IS making money. Second is to invest that money. I will demonstrate an example from one of Warren Buffet's yearly meetings. If you do this you will get very rich before you are 30. I will give you two scenarios. The first is a very low-risk investment. The second a bit riskier and needs a bit of investment knowledge. For both, I will assume that you  

Good luck on the start of your journey to true financial freedom. I’ve been investing for a while now. I’ve made a ton of mistakes, and I have had a lot of success. I’ll share some things I’ve learned along the way. Read, read, read - You need to read and learn from a diverse group of resources. Some suggestions: Peter Thiel - “Zero to One”; Philip Fisher - “Common Stocks and Uncommon Profits”; Benjamin Graham - “The Intelligent Investor.” Don’t stop there. Read every book that you can get your hands on. Read every article. Follow the experts.Experiment and develop your own investing principles

You should consider investing in real estate! A lot of people shy away from real estate investing, but this is actually one of the best and safest ways to invest your money. Here’s why: Real Estate is Tangible They’re called real for a reason. Real estate properties are tangible assets, meaning they’re illiquid. Many take this feature as a disadvantage to real estate investing, but actually it’s the opposite. Why? Because tangible assets will always have value, unlike intangible one such as stocks which can dip down to zero and lose all their value! Property investors can check the rental propert 

You start by buying your first property as soon as you are able. You may even want to partner with a friend on your first property or two. If you start to purchase real estate now, while you are young, you will likely find yourself amazingly wealthy by the time you are 50. I know it seems like a lifetime away... believe me: it's not that far into your future. Buy, hold, and when you sell, use a 1031 exchange to get a nicer property, and you could find you are one of the wealthiest people that you know, before long at all. Don't just buy any property that you can afford. Create a plan. Focus on wh 

You can not get better advise anywhere then you do from these Quora members. Let me add just a few things to learn and keep in mind especially when it comes to investing. Don’t buy into the gloom and doomers - they want to sell you gold and guns. The purpose of investing as opposed to keeping your money under your mattress is to stay up with or to stay ahead of inflation and there is no better way than the stock market.The world economy will grow with periods of contraction which is when you want to stay the course. When the markets are tanking remember the smart money is doing the buying at ba

Hi! Firs of all I have to say this…. CONGRATULATIONS. The fact that at 21 you are showing an interest in the investing world means that you have a maturity level that is way above most people your age and most people in their 20s. Actually you are in the perfect moment to start investing! If you start investing at 21 compound interest will work wonders in your portfolio. There is something really important that you are going to need to do before, during and after investing, but before we get into that we need to find out one thing. There are many ways to invest and having so many options can be qui 

Wow 22 and thinking about the future! Listen if you do these five fundamental steps right you will retire by 41! Yes twenty years is all you need. most American graduates are in debt. If you are one of them focus by getting rid of your debt ASAP! Get the highest paying job with your education and stop buying crap like nice cars, expensive mortgage and luxury clothings.Start buying some stocks on the side. Stocks that will grow large by when you are 35. Stocks like FB, Apple, Amazon and plenty of index like snp500 and Dow Jones. Remember to get some India and China emerging. Hold them, don’t trad

If I was a 21 year ol' again, I would get a few basic rules embedded in my head before I think of investing my money: 1. Not trust anyone above the age of 30; not trust anyone of or below 30. 2. Train myself to observe the aam junta (the crowd, the Jack &amp;Jill, the average Joe) for he holds the key to success. Do just the opposite of what he does, and chances are high that if you lose you will lose very less, but if you win you will win disproportionately. 3. Each morning I will wake up, walk up to the mirror and see myself repeating- "I am 22 years old, and I have plenty of time in hand. No one g 

Why should I invest in stocks when the economy is slowing?
What is the best way to invest into stocks? And how can I do it?
Is now a good time to start investing in the stock market?
We’re currently facing an unprecedented event with the global pandemic caused by a novel coronavirus that began in March 2020. In a matter of weeks, we went from business as usual to almost no business at all.  Most companies have been forced to close their offices and move employees to remote, work-from-home positions and those were the lucky ones. Many others have been required to shut down and lay off their entire workforce. The shock to the economic system has been staggering, with unemployment claims jumping to record highs and consumer spending taking a sharp nosedive. And while the economy  

I guess, There might be a mix opinion on this some will say its a right time to invest some will say its not. But there is big correction is running in the global market. World’s all market are down and it’s great impact on economy. Here are the lists of that: New York Stock ExchangeNASDAQTokyo Stock ExchangeShanghai Stock ExchangeHonk Kong Stock ExchangeLondon Stock ExchangeEURONEXTShenzen Stock ExchangeToronto stock ExchangeBombay stock Exchange\Right now so many factors which are affecting the stock market of the world because of that only the economy is down which gives impact on the trades  

Blanket answer is of course yes. Even the U.S. government effort pushes us to do so, with a long term capital gains rate much lower than income tax rate. Let’s look into it more. It’s always a good idea to grow your money. Investing is a good way to do just that. But you have to be smart about it. First of all, there is no guarantee of returns. Secondly, you when you invest, you have to protect your money. The market has ups and downs, that’s the nature of the market. Thirdly, going it alone can be tricky. Nowadays, there are a lot of options for people who want to grow their savings using an o 

Stock market is not only about cherry picking individual stocks. I normally follow NIFTY index and than decide whether to enter or exit the market. The right time to enter and exit the stock market should be dependent upon these four data points: Price to earning ratio (P/E Ratio) of NIFTY -P/E = 24 Than I am paying 24 Rs. for every 1 Rs. earning of the company. There is a strong connection between P/E ratio of the nifty with the market movement. P/E &gt; 24 (Than the probability of downfall is very high (Sell &amp; Exit) 20 &lt; P/E &lt; 24 (Be cautious (Market may turn edgy or volatile) 16 &lt; P/E &lt; 20 (Buy cau 

"What I would own is as much emerging-market equity as your career or business risk can tolerate" - Jeremy Grantham Our new guy Fed chief Jerome Powell certainly did not have the warmest welcome either his first few days on the job. In less than 3 weeks since he started as Chairman of the Federal Reserve, the markets have delivered a sharp decline in equities, a huge uptick in volatility and a continually weak dollar.  “I got this guys…” Source: WSJ Call it beginner’s luck (in a bad way) if you like but a closer look tells us that our poor new guy just had bad timing. Powell joined the team at the 

Yes and No From the point of view of price earning ratio and the current Sino-US trade war it may not be the best time to invest in the stock market. The price earning ratio is currently 24.23. This is well above the average price earning ratio for the last 50 years. The average price earning ratio in this time was 15–20. Whenever the price earning ratio is particularly high as was the case with the Wall Street Crash in 1929, Kennedy slide of 62, the 1973 oil crisis, dot com bubble in 2000 and financial crisis in 2008, the stock market is due for a correction and especially a recession if accom 

Let’s look at the timeline of major events in last 38 years: 1982 - Worst recession in 40 years, debt crisis. 1983 - Market hits record - "Market too high". 1984 - Record U.S. Federal deficits. 1985 - Economic growth slows. 1986 - Dow nears 2000 - "Market too high" 1987 - The Crash -Black Monday. 1988 - Fear of Recession. 1989 - Junk Bond collapse. 1990 - Gulf War, worst market decline in 16 years. 1991 - Recession - "Market too high" 1992 - Elections, market flat. 1993 - Businesses continue restructuring. 1994 - Interest rates are going up. 1995 - The market is too high. 1996 - Fear of Inflation. 1997 - Irra 

To give you an answer that will not turn obsolete even if you're reading this 5 years from now or more, let me tweak your question a bit and answer: when is the right time to start investing in the stock market. When: It is always better to invest when the markets are down and the preferred stock of our choice is trading a bit low. There is a difference between buying a cheap stock and buying a good stock when it is cheap. What you have to do is the latter. What should you do? Begin with your research and pick out stocks that have a good growth trajectory, strong fundamentals, decent financials,  

I bet you’ve never heard of Pat Munroe. And unless you’re from the Florida Panhandle, I imagine you haven’t heard of Quincy, Florida, either. But the two can teach us a lot about investing. See, in the early 1920s, Munroe was a banker in Quincy. One thing Munroe noticed was no matter how hard the times, the people of his small town always seemed to have money to buy a Coca-Cola. So he started buying shares of the company. Not long after, he was telling everyone in town to buy shares of Coca-Cola. He’d even underwrite bank loans backed by Coca-Cola stock. When shares crashed 50% during a conflict with 

I think its not about the time, its everything about how enough knowledge and patience you have!! Source google:  Many people think , stock market is the place where we can earn huge money in short period but its completely wrong!! what ever you invest , hold them for long term to get decent profits! I believe the greatest investment opportunity in history is knocking on your door, you can open it or not….the choice is yours!! Before you invest , it will be a lot easier , more productive , and far less stressful if you first decide what you ultimate goals are and then figure out the best way to get 

Is investing in big tech companies stocks the best choice for a long-term investment?
Why is the stock market doing so well now while the economic is not good at all?
The problem you are referring to can be illustrated using the total stock market cap to GDP ratio (also called the “Buffett Indicator”).  Using that factor alone, the market can be classified as overvalued and is poised to produce a slightly negative return based on empirical studies of that indicator. However, if we dive further into the drivers of investment returns, it becomes difficult to predict the market’s trajectory just because the market has gotten ahead of the economy. The market is determined by the three factors: Dividend YieldThe dividend yield is rather easy to recognize since we kn

There are two basic answers - and people will argue about the mix of how much they versus anyone else thinks one versus the other matters; and how rational or sustainable that is. It’s maybe a bit clumsy; but you can boil this down to a “financial” narrative and an “economic” one. In the economic narrative, stockmarkets tanked into the COVID shock; and they’ve rallied into the decline in new cases/deaths. That’s perfectly normal. In a recession, stockmarkets normally trough close to the point where growth collapses the fastest; and then rally as the economy continues to contract (although not a 

First let’s differentiate between the stock market and the “economy”. The stock market is a financial economy in which ownership shares of corporations (“assets”) are bought and sold for money. The price of assets is determined by how much money a buyer will pay to a seller. If buyers have more money to spend buying assets, sellers can increase their ask price, and buyers will pay those inflated prices with their inflated supply of buy-money. So the stock market can soar when stock buyers have more money to spend. Most of the assets (more than 80%) are owned by the richest 10% of the population. 

The stock market is no longer a free marketplace where prices can move organically as dictated by buyers and sellers. For the past ~20 years (maybe longer) the stock market has been a thermometer that central planners and bankers pay attention to and try to manage. The stated dual mandate of the Federal Reserve is to maximize employment and to target inflation at ~2% per year. The unstated and now primary mandate seems to be to buoy stock prices at all costs. You’ll notice that monetary and fiscal stimulus always seems to come on the heels of stock market weakness, and always seem to precede sto 

Well, just because things look good on the outside doesn’t mean they are. After all, those who don’t know where to look, don’t tend to recognise an illness in the system until it’s too late. Remember that age-old saying — the only mistakes are the ones you don’t learn from? Well, most people aren’t paying attention to the events of 2007, or even before then… We’re suffering from severe overvaluation Essentially, stocks go up based on perceptions of the underlying economic health, not the reality. Sometimes those perceptions are more optimistic or pessimistic than reality — which is when you get st 

The twin rationales I hear most are 1) The markets are anticipating what it will be like when covid-19 is no longer a problem, about nnn months or years into the future, and 2) the government is pumping money into the economy. Normally, the markets are about as confident of the future as the latest earnings reports which have been, almost universally, casting doubt on future earnings when they care to estimate them at all. To suggest that the markets are anticipating what the US economy will look like 12 to 24 months into the future may be a great rationale, and even a good reason to participat 

The reason why the stock market, aka the major indexes, are so high right now when the economy is starting to contract is due to several factors. Corporations have been buying back their own shares of stock. This in itself is not unusual, but the amount of money being invested by corporations in buying back their own shares of stock IS a big deal. Last year the S&amp;P500 companies spent 830 billion dollars of their cash on hand or borrowed with short term bond debt to pay for this huge buyback, which historically has never been this high before. In 2019, an estimated 800 billion will be spent by S

Well in the US, Europe and globally, the economy isn’t doing that much differently to the last few years. Yes, the US grew by about 3% last year, and might only do 1.5%-2% this year, and Germany might be in a shallow recession. But the figures aren’t radically different, it isn’t like the US was growing at 5% a few years ago and -5% now. The US has been growing at about 2% on average for almost 10 years now:  Europe? Average growth has been about 1%, like Japan, for years now. Besides, remember that: Most top stocks on the Nasdaq and S&amp;P are linked to global growth. Amazon, Apple and others are more 

Good question. Is the stock market performance in general an indicator of a good economy? I dont know the answer to this, and I dont think anybody else does either. I do agree with your point of view that the economy isnt doing all that well, when looked at from a wide view, from an average citizen perspective. 78% Of Workers Live Paycheck To Paycheck $60,000 a year used to be alot of money not that long ago. Thats $ 1,200 a week, about $30.00 an hour. First, taxes- if you’re single, your effective tax rate is about 10%, married with kids, less that 1%. That leaves almost the whole 60grand to spe 

What leads you to believe the economy is not good? You can always find someone who will point to some metric, and say see…look, things are shitty or they are going to be shitty. Everyone loves to predict a market crash. Just look at the questions on Quora about stock market crashes and when is the next one, and how many people respond with answers, as if they know something you don’t. Trust me, they don’t know jack shit! Quit listening to the media who wants you to think a recession is around the corner and the market is going to crash because it’s up so high. Do you see more homes in your neigh 

How is the cryptocurrency market different from the stock market?
 The cryptocurrency popularity boom in late 2017, followed by the eventual self-correction of early 2018 is focused on a lot by cryptocurrency skeptics, as they believe that more radical jumps and falls like those will happen. Experts, however, believe that that is not the case, and that removing that period altogether yields a strong upwards trend for crypto that had been well on its way for over a year. Algorithmic quant trader and founding member of RoninAi, Peter Borovykh, believes that this period proved that crypto is a smart investment. “This was a crazy period for crypto. Even my taxi dr 

You know how cryptocurrencies are mostly valued based on their reputation? Well, that makes for a very volatile market with extreme highs and lows. Before i continue, Incase you are worried about what all these cryptocurrencies are heading to, DON'T GIVE UP!!! I almost gave up too but after much investigations to fine a legit platform where i can safely invest my portfolios, i came across Multicoinhodler Cryptocurrency Investment Platform (www .multicoinhodler .com where i get good returns of my invested cryptocurrency after 10 trading days. I also mine with them and most importantly store my b 

Even though both the cryptocurrency and stock market depends on the law of demand and supply, they are entirely different. Let us look at some of the significant differences between the two markets. Asset ownership Buying stocks of a particular company gives you an opportunity of becoming a part-owner of the company, depending on the number of shares you buy. However, in the case of cryptocurrencies, buying them does not necessarily make you a partial owner of the company or protocol that issued it. Market maturity Stock markets have been around for many centuries; and so every country has had the  

What are the differences of cryptocurrency and stock markets? To begin with, even when the value is based on the idea of the currency or the stock, in the stock market you actually invest in the company, in the cryptocurrency market you invest in the technology or the currency, however you want to see it, but you never really get to own any part of the company, even if the business of the company affects the price of the currency. This also affects the total evaluation of the cryptocurrency market, there is none. No one really knows what the total market capitalization for cryptocurrencies is. T 

Fundamentally, I believe the two will begin to look more and more similar in nature. However, given that crypto is still very nascent compared to the traditional stock market, a number of differences stand out: The 2017 crypto bull run was largely driven by price manipulation which was amplified by the media and investor reactions. Although this often happens in the stock market too (e.g. the Dot Com bubble or 2008 housing crash) the difference is that this time, the cryptocurrencies being invested in (primarily through ICOs) really did represent projects that hadn’t even begun to lift off the 

We should investigate a portion of the contrasts among Cryptocurrency and stocks. You can utilize this data to study Crypto, however it's not monetary exhortation and you ought to consider conversing with an expert guide of your decision prior to settling on significant monetary decisions like purchasing or selling Crypto. Distinction: What you own At the point when you purchase Crypto, you own a specific measure of that computerized cash. Sometime it could be conceivable to utilize Crypto in exchanges as effectively as different monetary standards, yet today it's fundamentally a store of signif 

To begin with, even when the value is based on the idea of the currency or the stock, the stock market you actually invest in the company, in the cryptocurrency market you invest in the technology or the currency, however you want to see it, but you never really get to own any part of the company, even if the business of the company affects the price of the currency. This also affects the total evaluation of the cryptocurrency market, there is none. No one really knows what the total market capitalization for cryptocurrencies is. The cryptocurrency market also acts ten times faster. This affec 

I do not see any difference, this is my pov. Why? Let us go back in time when stock market was created, there was one who was first registered. Then others followed and it grew and it grew and it grew and is so grown into society today that we find it normal. From stocks there is also a limit available. Same as crypto’s right? once all is mined its done and its only trading, just like with stocks. So Bitcoin was the one who set up the market / was the first ‘’registered’’ on the crypto market. And soon the rest follows. And what people do, just trade to make profit, small story but where is the di 

Hello guys, In basic terms, In the stock market, you are investing in a particular company and becoming its owner. But in the case of Cryptocurrency, You are investing in digital currencies like Bitcoin, ethereum and many more. only without bothering about the company. This is weird, But yeah it is true that In cryptocurrency the prices may affect the company but you are not investing in the country as also you can't even know the exact market capitalization of any crypto. But in the Stock Market, because you are becoming an owner, So you will have every little detail of the company and your inve 

There are many differences between Cryptocurrency and Stock Market as a Financial Instrument, out of which the most prime one is the investment stability and consumer protection.  For example, Celebrity Billionaire Elon Musk Tweeted about Dogecoin, a type of Cryptocurrency.  And the direct impact of it was a 2% rise in the price of Dogecoin in 1 day.  This led to spawning of discussions on the Internet about the relation of Dogecoin with Elon Musk, further enhancing the chances of Growth in its price.   Since the launch of Dogecoin in late January 2021, Elon Musk has been continuously boosting the Doge 

What are the shares that can give similar returns like Eicher and MRF in next 3 years?
I can’t assure you of similar returns but these shares can give some good returns in the next 3 years. Graphite India - Graphite India is the largest Indian producer of graphite electrodes and one of the largest globally, by total capacity. Its manufacturing capacity of approximately 98,000 MTPA is spread over four plants in India and Germany. The company accounts for ~6.5% of global electrode capacity.The company services its clients in over fifty countries. The financial trend seems to be outstanding.The company reported net sales of Rs.944.54 crores during the period ended December 31, 2017 a 

To get Eicher Motors and MRF kind of returns, that too in just 3 years, is a herculean task in the current market. The sentiments are already bullish, most of the stocks are trading at rich valuations. It is pertinent to note that Eicher motors, MRF and various other stocks multiplied in the recent past not only because of their excellent fundamentals, but also the transition of the market from bearish to bullish phase, which helped in P/E expansion. The companies that have been performing well financially are already identified by the market and rewarded adequately. So there are two options: eit 

Oh that is a piece of cake, it is really very easy to find such stocks. Read on to find the actual list of stock that could give similar or better returns than MRF or Eicher Motors stocks in next 3 years. Lets dig more about MRF and Eicher Motors share prices. Around 18 years ago price of MRF was around Rs2298 and as on 3rd March 2018, its price is Rs74499.00. This makes Compounded Annual Growth Rate(CAGR) of MRF at around 21.3% for last 18 years. The price of Eicher Motors around 18 years ago was Rs48.75 and as on 3rd March 2018, its price is Rs27734.85. This makes CAGR for this stock in 18 yea 

Let's keep it simple and see what the market makers are betting upon. In the past one year Mr Rakesh junjunwala has invested largely on two companies ( more than 1% holding) i.e Fortis healthcare and Tata motors. Let's look at Tata motors first  Source- business today. So fundamentally, Tata motors is doing good, they have completely redesigned their outlook on passenger automobile sector and it's reflecting in their sales , also Tata motors is bagging good number of orders to manufacture and supply electric vehicle to the government agencies. Technically the stock is still in downtrend  So one can w 

Not sure if anyone would be able to cherry pick stocks that will match returns of an Eicher or MRF. The reason being simple - nobody has a crystal ball! Rather than looking to discover the next Eicher / MRF, pick a set of stocks that are well diversified across the sectors and market cap. A business that has done well across various business cycles are generally perceived to be much more resilient to external shocks and deliver consistent earnings growth. Such stocks tend to be long term wealth creators. Also, these stocks don’t trade cheap. So whenever an investment opportunity arises, it shoul 

Highly Undervalued [[ 4,821 (current) VS 11,138 (future) ]] Vardhman Holdings imited:: CURRENT DISCOUNT = &gt; 50% Share price is ₹4821.25 vs Future cash flow value of ₹11138.02 9% Expected Diversified Financial industry annual growth in earnings.  PAST EARNINGS GROWTH ANALYSIS Vardhman Holdings's year on year earnings growth rate has been positive on average over the past 5 years.Vardhman Holdings's 1 year earnings growth exceeds its 5 year annual average (91.2% vs 38.2%)Vardhman Holdings's earnings growth has exceeded the IN Diversified Financial industry average in the past year (91.2% vs 21%). PERFORMA 

Hello Investor, Thanks for your question. I don’t give stock recommendations on social platforms however I like your question as you are willing to stay with a stock for 3 years. Imagine how many times an investor in MRF would have though of booking profit as the stock only goes up over a spread of a decade. There are few stories of similar type, bajaj finance is a good recent example. (Last 3 years) For any stock to keep outperforming, it needs to have a strong business model, it’s a combination of many things, it should be well driven, ethics should be in place, policies should be favourable etc. 

The belief that you can identify an Eicher or MRF BEFORE they do their big one is a complete myth. Just to convince you that its not sour grapes on my part, I have bought MRF at Rs 17 (yes you got that right) long long ago. The best you can do to pick one of those multi-baggers is to find companies with good management, great product and a strong market presence and buy them when not too many people are looking at them. Of the 10 such companies you buy, 2/3 will turn down and fail, 4/5 will continue to perform as usual, 1/2 will do well and perhaps 1 will encounter circumstances where they will  

If there was a possibility to know that Eicher &amp; MRF will be where they are now before they began the rally, would not have all the investors be invested in those stocks? If we go into such kind of search, the result will be total loss. Build a strategy and keep investing, among those investments, you will for sure find such gems. I bought Eicher in 2010 at 1180. This stock came up along with other stocks in our research, as the valuations went up, there was skepticism on whether it will give away all the gains made. If we believe in our strategy we will hold on or we will exit where our fear ov 

Hi, this is the question which we can expect from every investors. MRF and Eicher motors both these stocks have showed exponential rise which is the dream run of every investors. One can find out such stocks and it is not an impossible task however one should have disciplined approach for the same. We believe that Elliott wave theory is one of the forecasting techniques which can help to identify such multibagger stock. Along with this we also use concepts like hurst time cycles to time the market. These are the part of advanced technical analysis. You can learn the same here http://www.wavess 

Which is the best mutual fund to invest in 2019?
If I were you, I would stay away from both equity and debt mutual funds. Why? Well, stock markets are simply too expensive to justify investing in equity mutual funds right now (and we will come to this again at the end of the answer). Interest rate and credit scenario in India is not conducive for investing in debt mutual funds. AAA rated FMPs might be an exception. But you end up compromising on returns. So, the best option is to sit on cash (liquid or arbitrage funds) and wait for opportunities in the equity markets. Trust me, it will come. However, it is still important to identify the best equ 

Now, asking this question would be like going to a doctor and asking for medicines without a proper diagnosis. Now, a lot of factors are involved in choosing your investments as that varies from person to person. So, similarly the approach will also vary. First thing to consider is to know what you are investing for. Quantify your goals, know the goal target amount and define a time horizon to achieve the goal. Secondly, once you know what you are investing for then consider your risk appetite. Know how much risk you are willing to take to achieve the respective goal. Thirdly, analyse every invest 

 Got your attention? Great! I will try to explain this in the most non finance way as possible. Now the following questions on Quora have a combined total of around 2.2 million views and close to a 1000 followers. ———————————————————————————- Which is the best mutual fund to invest and why? What are the best mutual funds to invest in India? What is the best mutual fund on SIP? Which mutual fund is best? What are the best mutual funds in India with consistently high returns (8% and more) and a low management fee? What are some good mutual funds to invest in at the moment? Which is the best mutual fund to  

Here we are giving our list of top mutual funds for investment in 2019. We have incorporated almost all the important category schemes in making it. But, before you invest in them it is important to know some things. First, you should choose mutual funds only after looking at financial goals, investment duration and risk profile. If your goals are to be completed in less than five years, then debt mutual funds can invest in schemes. Hybrid or equity schemes can be considered for investment over a period of five years or more. The thing to note about choosing a debt mutual fund scheme is that it 

Which is the best mutual fund to invest in 2019? Hi, there are so many best funds out there… But you have to find out your requirement and your goals, so that you can then choose the fund you can invest in. As a Researcher before investing in any funds kindly go through the Every details Selecting the top mutual funds is a worth considering. As you must be aware, if you invest in diversified equity funds, they can multiply your wealth over the long-term. So which mutual fund category looks promising for 2019? If you are expecting a one-word straightforward answer, you are perhaps missing the bigger  

“There are no right answers to wrong questions.” The reason we are starting with the answer with this quote is that nobody who is looking to invest in mutual funds should be asking this question. But unfortunately, this is the most asked question. The correct question that should be asked is – what is the right mutual fund for me. After all, we invest for different reasons. So how do you find the right fund for yourself? It is a fairly simple process and involves asking two basic questions - 1. For how long I want to invest – This is the first and the most critical part. You need to ask yourself a 

Hello, Best Mutual Funds is a very broad statement. Mutual Funds should be based on your risk profile, investment horizon, and financial goals. However, I have summarized a couple of funds in my below answer which look like a good bet to invest. Before making any investment one should consult their financial advisor and make sure your fund selection is in line with your financial goals. Feel free to reach out to us at Tarrakki[dot]com if you have any questions. Here are a few fund recommendations based on fund classification. Always keep in mind if you are a long term investor, investing in a dire 

Why would you ever invest in a mutual fund? As I explained in my post Investing as a Millenial, mutual funds which are the most common funds charge you a fee of 0.5-2% a year. This means that if your return for that year was 5%, you’re only receiving 3-4.5% return before taxes. The truth is that 96% of actively managed mutual funds do not beat the market over a 15-year span. Active managers are trying to beat the market by being a great stock picker. And the 4% that does beat the market is changing all the time, so betting on a jockey that won the last race does not mean that he will win again. 

I know that many mutual fund investors start their investment journey by typing the 'best mutual funds' in a search engine. Even if the search throws up some results, most investors don't proceed further. This is because they are still unsure about the dependability of the list. That is why I thought about compiling a list of Top investment schemes that have been productive for investors so far. If your goals need to be met within a year, you may consider investing in the cryptocurrency market with www.cryptoassetsbay.tech with a guaranteed expectation of 25%, 50% or 70% yield in dividends, abo 

Mutual Funds are a great investment option if you wish to grow your money over time. Whether you are an investor looking for capital gains or seeking regular income, you can choose to invest in a wide range of mutual funds. Among mutual funds, small and mid-cap mutual funds have given some of the highest returns, but these funds come with a higher degree of risk as compared to other categories such as large-cap equity funds or hybrid or debt funds. Best Mid-Cap Mutual Fund Schemes To Invest In 2019 L&amp;T Midcap FundHDFC Midcap Opportunities FundDSP Midcap FundInvesco India Midcap FundAxis Midcap Fu

How many years have you invested in mutual funds and what is your average return in those years?
Which is better for long term wealth creation in mutual funds, SIP or a lump sum?
What should be the best mutual funds buying strategy moving into year 2019?
What is the best way to make the most of SIP investments?
Systematic Investment plans or SIP is a way to invest in mutual funds. It is not an investment avenue by itself. SIP is a way to invest in mutual funds in a staggered manner. It does not in any way guarantee returns. However, if you carefully choose the right mutual fund to invest in, it has the potential to give you inflation-beating returns over the long term. Coming to our question, SIP investments depend upon the person investing. What may be the best for someone else, may not work for you. It is not equivalent for everyone. So, your goal should be to find the best SIP plan that works for  

Mutual Funds invest in market linked securities, and therefore there is no guarantee of returns or assured returns. Past performance of the fund does not guarantee future returns. Mutual funds today are the only category of investment products that a retail consumer can use to effectively beat inflation while growing his wealth. Investment into Mutual Fund can be done either through Lump Sum (One-time-investment) or Systematic Investment Plan (SIP) with Daily/ Monthly/ Quarterly frequency. An SIP or a Systematic Investment Plan allows an investor to invest a fixed amount regularly in a mutual fun 

To make money work hard for you, you must work on it first. Throwing money in an asset and expecting it to grow by itself is like throwing seeds in a field and expecting to get a good harvest without any hard work. It just does not work that way, you have to nurture it protect it and be patient, giving it time to grow. SIP has been the best way to invest in stocks till date. It does not require huge capital to start, it takes advantage of cost averaging, and is a great method of automated saving growing at a higher than average compounding rate. Coming to your question, What is the best way to m 

SIP Brings in Financial Discipline It greatly increases the chances of excelling in the stock market with reduced risk.Don’t hold back on new investments in any market conditions.Don’t require the skill of picking up the right stocks that will add value to the portfolio.As SIP requires to invest only nominal amount every month, it automatically inculcates the habit of saving regularly.Do’s while investing through SIP Give enough time for your money to growTo create wealth, do have a long term investment time horizonAlign your SIP investments with your financial goals. Identify your goal – How to

Choose a variety of funds and invest regularly with long term view. Stock markets have given excellent returns of 14–18% in long term despite all the crashes. SIPs cancel out the volatility in short term. Here are some good performers. Study these and other funds well and invest in a variety of funds. Diversified equity Funds ——-6 month --1 year --3 year annual return L&amp;T Emerging Businesses Fund —35.77% -47.16 - 25.60 L&amp;T Midcap fund ———————-29.77 - 39.61 - 25.16 Reliance Small Cap Fund-2 ——28.41 —39.51- 24.91 Birla Sun Life Equity Fund (G) ——-- 18 ---29---16 Birla SL India GenNext (G)- — ------- 22 

Well yes, SIP is the best way to invest in Mutual funds. It is defined as a Systematic Investment Plan, that allows the investors to start investing in mutual funds with a mere amount of Rs 500 or 1000 on a regular basis, be it monthly quarterly or yearly. SIP has many more benefits that are listed below: · Rupee Cost Averaging – SIP lets you invest in both the bear and bull market conditions. During the high time, the SIP amount buys you fewer units and during low, the same amount buys you higher units. This ultimately helps in reducing the per-unit cost of purchasing. · Power of Compounding – S 

Choice of Mutual Fund for SIP should depend on the goals of the investment. Most of the time, the goal is to build wealth. In that case, one should look for long term investments. Some people also invest with a definitive time frame – it could be for buying a house or going on an international vacation. In that case, one should go for medium risk good returns mutual funds. Here are the best funds for doing SIP for different requirements. The analysis included historical data and track record of Fund. Long Term High Growth Funds For the long term if you are looking for high growth opportunities,  

SIP investment is the best way to invest your money in today’s world. As an Experienced individual i know very well how difficult it is to choose the right place/Fund to invest. Well today we will discuss about this term that how someone can find the right SIP Mutual fund to invest in.  1 year back i am also struggling and contacting every person (whoever in my contact) to suggest me the right and well organized fund. But frankly its a Childish Question! An ordinary person will let you know the fund where he is investing but it doesn’t mean that it also works for you. Then what is the solution: The  

While applying for SIP, register for a longer period, you can cancel SIP anytime, but as there is no extending of SIP only starting a fresh SIP is possible, you can have more than 1 SIP in a fund, not that there is any advantage I have seen, some people feelit gets then another advantage if NAV is lower in any 1 of the days they have picked. Not saying that applying for SIP is a tedious process, just a personal opinion. I’ve haven’t yet found the best date for SIP, anyway don’t be bothered about the date, pick a date which is nearer to the date funds will be available in your registered bank acc 

SIP is best for a person who is earning periodically like salaries guys, who get money at a regular interval. SIP helps them automate this money into funds. If someone has lump sum, he can invest that also. Various studies have been done and it cannot be concluded that SIP returns are better than lump sum. If someone has the money right away he can also take benefits of SIP by using STPs. It depends on when you have invested. For eg someone who invested lumpsum during 2008 lows will have more returns than person investing in 2009 to 2019. But not everyone can time 2008 crash. Hence instead of si 

In my portfolio, many of the mutual funds are performing better. Should I invest extra money in them (it will average up and may bring net worth down) or research again in buying new MF?
Which way is better to invest in mutual funds, Zerodha or Groww or directly in AMC?
Which is better for a new investor with limited funds; ETFs or mutual funds?
Is it wise to invest in a mutual fund?
 Is it wise to invest in a mutual fund? Mutual funds have gained popularity in India especially after demonetization in 2016. Also, “Mutual Funds Sahi Hai”, the marketing campaign run by AMFI, has further added to the popularity. The industry has doubled in the last five years from 11.86 trn in April 2015 to 24 trn as of April 2020.* There are 43 AMC with a total of 1868* schemes among them. But before investing in any financial instrument like mutual funds, we must first understand what they are and what are its Pros &amp; Cons. Only then you should consider whether it is wise to invest or not! So wh 

One of the biggest difference between the wealthy and the less wealthy is that wealthy people earn interest and less wealthy people pays interest. To reach true financial independence ,you need to have your money begin to work for you. Basically “you shouldn't work for money ,money should work for you “ . There are many ways where you can make your money to work for you. Compounding money is one of the tool which will help your money to work for you . There are various way to compound your money and one can compound her money by putting it in fixed deposit in any bank without taking any risk at 

“Mutual Funds are subject to market risks.” Most people understand it but do not follow it. Mutual funds consists of Equity MFs, Debt MFs (including liquid and money market) and Hybrid MFs etc. with each having a different risk. FDs, Savings and certain other deposit instruments offer fixed rate of returns, irrespective of market movements.Liquid funds are the safest mutual funds; return tends to be close to that of FD and better than savings bank interest, and has no exit load.Fixed Maturity Plans (FMPs) can offer you indexation benefit and better yields than FDs.Diversified Equity mutual funds

Let me try to explain, why I think they are scams. It’s not straight forward, so bear with me. It’s a combination of factors just like any other thing in economics. Banks try to do their best to make sure people take loans (They call them assets (It’s true)), sometimes without even making you realize it. Offering credit cards, EMIs and mutual funds to name a few. The strategy is simple, extract as much money you can from a person, so they fall for loans. Rule: The lessor cash you have in hand, the more vulnerable you will be towards unavoidable expenses. How they do it: Loans:They give you a very he

There are three friends Mr. Rohit, Mr, Shikhar and Mr. Virat. Each of them are of 25 Years.All have just passed out of college and have started earning well.They decided to save and invest some money.Rohit is conservative investor and doesn't like to risk his money and consider Fixed deposits/Saving accounts/PPF/EPF as the best option for investment.Shikhar and virat decided to analyse the market a bit and found that in last two decades despite of 2002 slowdown, recession in 2008, terrorist attack on parliament, Plane hijacking in 1999, Elections every 5 years and many such other events, Index

Should you invest in Mutual fund? Question 1: What if people like Mukesh Ambani, Birla, Ratan TATA, Narayanmurthi, or Azim Premji comes to you to propose a partnership with them, and invest in their company. would you partner with them? Question 2: What if an unknown gambler asks you to lend him money. Tells you, that he will go to Las Vegas and gamble with your money because he knows Las Vegas well, and knows where to gamble. After 7 to 10 years, he will return your money along with interest (which is little more than the bank interest) and that too, if at all, he wins. And yes, the expenses for f 

Don't invest in Mutual Fund it's if you really don't want to waste your money. As there is entry in the funds but not exit as most of the time you need money MF's will be down. I started investing in Mutual Funds in 2009 when I started working and did SIP in Icici Bluechip, icici value discovery, icici tax saving, sbi mid cap dividend, absl top100, hdfc small cap. But while calculating most of the funds are giving way less return as I did investment in SIP so when Nifty was 12000, 11000 and now when I needed money all of them are giving very less returns. And it's not only with me ask anyone who h 

It is the wisest decision you can make. First of all, we’ll identify all frequent investment mistakes and then explain how an index fund is the cure you’re looking for. All frequent investment mistakes #1 Buying high and Selling low a) Fidelity made a study on their Magellan fund by Peter Lynch from 1977 to 1990. His average annual return was 29% which is one of the best returns ever over a long term fund. Therefore, you would expect that the investors in his fund made substantial returns. However, what was found in the study was tragic 1. The average investor in the fund lost money. How is that eve 

Let me share a conversation between me and my dad:- Me: Dad, what do you think has been the greatest companies of your generation? Dad: HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank, SBI, Infosys, TCS, MRF tyres, Reliance have all been great companies. Me: Why do you think that they are great companies? Dad: They have contributed immensely to the growth of our country and look how much employment they have created in the last 3 decades. Me: Do you think that these companies would last for another 3 decades and keep on growing due to the growth in GDP of our county. Dad: Of course yes, they have got very good management and 

 Mutual funds offer many benefits that can make your investing program easier and safer. Here are 20 of their major advantages. Advantage #1: Mutual funds can reduce the anxiety of investing. Most investors constantly live with a certain amount of anxiety and fear about their investments because they feel they lack one or more of the following essentials: (1) market knowledge, (2) investing experience, (3) self-discipline, (4) a proven game plan, or (5) time. As a result, they often invest on impulse or emotion. Because of their inherent design that taps professional expertise and spreads risk, m 

Will Saudi Arabia become a very poor country like Somalia or Africa if oil runs out? Can they become just economically well just like Western Europe, Canada, or the United States if their petroleum run out?
Economically? Sure. Financially? Maybe. I find people don’t understand the problem the Gulf States have so I’ll explain using Poland and Saudi Arabia. Poland has a population of 38 million and is widely considered a wealthy country in the European Union, compared to Saudi Arabia’s population of 30 million. It has a GDP of $524 billion and a GDP per capita of $16,000.  Warsaw , Poland Its government has a revenue of $109 billion Polish government touts deficit cut ahead of election Saudi Arabia, which has a smaller population than Poland, has a revenue of $209 billion and even that’s not enough as its 

“Will Saudi Arabia become a very poor country like Somalia or Africa if oil runs out? Can they become just economically well just like Western Europe, Canada, or the United States if their petroleum run out?” Check you question for proper wording or phrasing. Africa is not a country. There are more than 50 countries over here, and not all of them are what you'll call poor. There are more poor people living in Asia than Africa. For instance, India alone has more poor people than all of Africa combined. And to answer your question directly, the mindsets of the population within each geographical lo 

You have the question slightly wrong. It’s not when the KSA runs out of oil, it’s when they run out of SURPLUS oil. Their oil supply won’t run out, but their consumption of oil is on the increase while their oil reserves are fixed. Around 6 years ago the leadership ran the math and the projection was scary. The problem is that the Kingdom uses oil for power generation. That power generation is used to desalinate water - which require massive power. They also sell oil for dirt cheap prices to the population. Citizens get a one time housing allowance (it was around $75,000, not sure how much it i 

Saudi Arabia is heading towards the blink of extinction .  They mainly depend on crude for their dependence .Most of the gdp constitute s from sale of crude and religious tourism .As crude is saturated and in near days no more a resource , it is surely going to feel the pain .The present ruler has been abducted with jhamal khasoggi case .Most of Asian community is heading back to the home country and rules and visa have been tighten .Even the business community from the Asian are being sent back and troubled in business .Saudi Arabia is not having a positive relations with usa and europe .Saudi 

In the moment they are used to have most work done by poor workers from Pakistan, Nepal, Philippines etc. And their wealth is paid by oil export and Mekka tourism. But they are also investing in future technologies like King Fahd University, have stakes in foreign companies and own nice real estate in the UK, Spain and USA. If oil demand runs out and Saudi Arabia is in economic stress, they may soon change their traditional attitudes. They may learn how to do all the things that were done by foreign workers. They can mobilize additional workforce by allowing women to work. They may change from  

Fat chance Only low oil prices will not make it poor. It have huge sovereign investments and is investing in developing different revenue streams. Remember that Saudi’s oil is cheapest to produce. It can easily sustain while others oil producers will collapse. It will boost oil prices - benefit Saudi. BUT The reality will manifest if low prices lead to civil unrest as a result of cut in social expenditure / subsidies and stoppage of infra development projects leading to unemployment even among the local youth. The cheap oil sources then may fall in hands of Taliban or ISIS like people with no benef 

Africa is very rich in resources. So if Saudi Arabia loses it’s oil resources, then yes it might become poor, but not necessarily. I hear they have great economic plans to curb this and shift more to service and tourism. Now back to the question it will not get poor like Africa or Somalia perse, because countries in Africa have instability either because of war or political instability with rival factions. But African countries even Somalia is very rich in resources some would say they even have equivalent amount of oil deposits as Saudi Arabia or even more and even other resources. So if they ru 

Noooooooo Saudi’s law makers are far ahead. The de facto ruler of Saudi Arabia Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman took the leadership in the restructuring the country’s economy, introducing “Vision 2030”, the country's strategic orientation for the next 15 years. Vision 2030 plans to reform Saudi's economy towards a more diversified and privetised structure. It details goals and measures in various fields, from developing non-oil revenues and privatization of the economy to e-government and sustainable development. lo and behold, Neom  A $500 billion economic zone to cover an area of 26,000 square k 

“The stone age didn’t end because the world ran out of stones” Some Saudi guy Technically he’s wrong, the stone age did end when we ran out of useful stone, weapons grade flint mined in cornwall in the UK has been found all across Europe and the middle east in massive quantities, and bronze only became popular when flint ran out. But Saudi Arabias concern is the world will stop wanting oil long before Saudi Arabia stops being able to supply it. See Electric Cars, Solar Panels, grid level battery backup. Can they make a change, anything is possible, but we aren’t talking a quarter % tax change here, 

Western Europe, Canada or the US have an economy purely based on skilled labor. Those countries innovate a lot, have the best universities on this planet and export goods and services the world needs. All these things came because of centuries of hard work and knowledge accumulated from generation to generation. In the case of Saudis, they just extract everything and sell. They don’t even refine the oil. The society lacks value in education and hard work. The country is built by poorly paid migrants. There is plenty of crude oil, we won’t run out of it. After a few decades, we will mostly use be 

Trump supporters say the US economy by GDP was the most impressive ever until the pandemic. Others say Trump’s economy was just riding Obama’s coat-tails. Why the disparity?
The economy under Trump was largely a continuation of the Obama economy, but with significantly bigger fiscal deficits. Prior to the virus. GDP Before the Virus Obama, after getting us out of the Great Recession, had GDP growth mostly in the 2–3% range. Trump had the same GDP growth range. Trump’s expected GDP growth however, prior to the virus, was only estimated to be 1–2% going forward. Again, before the virus, so things were already projected to get worse, not better. Below is a chart of GDP under Obama from 2014 forward, during Trump, and a projection of future GDP out to 2024. This chart wa 

I cant believe the horsesh** being passed off in some of these answers. One idiot says that Bush (43) had a 1.3 trillion dollar surplus when he took office and ran up 15 trillion in debt. The same “bozo” credits Obama with only adding only 3 trillion in debt during his whole administration and GDP growth of between 2 and 3%. (understand I would address these lies directly but the coward disabled comments) Now for the facts: Bush 43 inherited about 5 trillion in debt. He left office with 10.9 trillion. Obama left office with just under 21 trillion in debt. The average GDP growth under Obama was 1.7 

Trump supporters are these people: Twitt(perfect name) is the most spot-on example of the typical "tolerant right"🙄&amp; "God-fearing",🙄 "Christian"🙄, Evangelical Trump supporter! 👇🙄 pic.twitter.com/K9SnCts8Em— 🌊MasksSaveLives😷 (@mammaTam55) July 4, 2020
  This people:  And these people:  Just look at the math skill and the grammar, not the best out there, right? And mostly are either paid through his foj, dod, fusion center agencies and infragard sponsored ““Organized community stalking program”(paid with tax payers money and masquerading as community policing), or through add gigs like this:  The organized community stalking program you have to look it up, an illegal and mostly hid program mostly employing trump supporters, evangelicals and other less than too educated people to ha 

I don’t see any disparity. Both statements are correct. The US economy experienced one record after the other since 2017. You will surely find measures where other periods were more impressive, but we saw stock market highs, record earnings, and historically low unemployment. It’s fair to say it was in many ways the most impressive economy ever. However, it’s also true that this was just a continuation of the boom since 2009. There was nothing Trump had to do to significantly improve the economy. In fact, his attempt to jump-boost an economy already at risk of overheating did achieve very little 

Ahh, economics, where with just a touch of bias you can come to any conclusion you want. On the Trump supporter side, they see a good economy, Trump is doing things they believe causes good economies, so there is no need to look further. If at first glance the evidence supports conclusions you like, stop examining the evidence. Basic confirmation bias, it’s rare for people not to do this, and especially rare among Trump supporters. Trump’s detractors on the other hand don’t want to give Trump credit, so they look for other explanations. The easiest one is just to point to the graphs that show t 

The answer to this is that Trump’s supporters look at what happened in absolute terms, where as the ‘others’ look at the relative changes since Trump came to power. Obama got the unemployment levels down to 4.7%. Trump reduced them to 3.5%.[1] That 3.5% may have included some record lows, but it was a drop of 1.2 percentage points over 3 years. That’s not a particularly impressive performance, particularly given all Trump’s supposed ‘pro-growth’ policies. A similar picture appears in manufacturing. Sure, nearly half a million manufacturing jobs returned under Trump, but that’s out of five million 

The answer to “why the disparity” is very simple and obvious. There is a stunning amount of economic ignorance in the United States. Many of our citizens believe in the economic nonsense such as “free markets” and Trickle Down economic policies, that are the cause of our cyclical economic “boom/bust” record over the last 40 years or so. What happens is when we elect a Republican president, and when Republicans dominate in Congress, the nation is sold on the preposterous idea that granting tax cuts to the rich, will result in economic growth that is sufficient to not only replace the tax revenue 

Well I look at the numbers and the information available. Obama had better GDP numbers than Trump BEFORE the pandemic. Obama had better job creation numbers BEFORE the pandemic Obama had better stock market growth BEFORE the pandemic Better balance of trade under Obama Farmers were not going bankrupt at record levels under Obama, they have been under Trump BEFORE the pandemic, since then it has gotten much worse. US manufacturing was in recession BEFORE the pandemic. Companies have been offshoring at record rates since Trump got the job. But then he offshores every job he can so to be expected. Whe 

It is very easy for anyone today to get factual, accurate, unbiased graphs of measures of economic performance for the USA that cover the years before Obama up until the present day, and the change in the economic performance that went with Obama taking over from Bush shows a significant improvement; the change from Obama to Trump shows little variation until a little while before the pandemic hit (started going wrong about Aug-Oct last year, months before the virus)… of course the huge budget blowout was not a “little” variation in that economic measure, but even if your opinion is that balan 

The disparity is one of viewpoint: Democrats can’t force themselves to see a single good thing in Trump’s Presidency, since by doing so they validate his accomplishments. Trump derangement syndrome has become a reality and it affects everything Democrat leadership does; even causing Democrats to flip 180 degrees on every ideal Trump champions merely because it came from him. Obama’s economy was growing extremely slowly, and while Democrats may disagree with his methods, Trump’s tax breaks and incentive programs paired with the removal of nearly all of the Obama regulations and penalties had an  

How do you think China has recovered from COVID-19 so quickly while the rest of the world is struggling?
How do you think China has recovered from Covid 19 so quickly while the rest of the world is struggling? The whole western world was busy condemning China for their ‘going early, going hard’ strategy, so when they faced the same problem, they couldn’t just replicate it. Ideological differences caused the western world to freeze in their tracks. Even now on Quora, some people are still happily condemning China to justify their political aspirations. This war against COVID-19 has nothing to do with politics, it is one thing, and one thing only: Survival. And China simply used everything at its dispo 

I’m Chinese. I’m here on Quora because I want to know what is really going on in the rest of the world and what do other people really think. During my whole school life I was taught to think critically and consider without any bias. I just want to share my personal experience two months ago and this might help you understand why China can recover from the Covid 19 so quickly. I live in Kunming, which is 1, 558 kilometers away from Wuhan. In January, the official number of people infected in Kunming was around 50 (not very serious right?) I live with my parents, and my grandparents live in the s 

Q:How do you think China has recovered from Covid 19 so quickly while the rest of the world is struggling? 1 Answer: China has recovered from COVID-19 quickly while the rest of the world is struggling because China had already experienced and defeated the SARS virus in 2003 and had only mothballed the SARS hospitals and brought these back into operation to defeat COVID-19. See George Tait Edwards's answer to How much was China's economy hit in the aftermath of the 2003 SARS outbreak? Do you expect a similar situation in the afterlife of the COVID-19 outbreak? and thank you Frank Seward for that 

As a Chinese citizen/ US resident here is what I think. short answer: The reason why China can recover from the COVID-19 so quickly can be concluded into three keywords: Trust, Family, Cooperate. longer version answer: let through away those xxxshting propaganda, and stereotype of CCP for now. We Chinese people generally trust our central government from bottom of our heart, even the government screwed up with their credibility because of the tragedy of Mr. Li (Wenliang) , but people still deciding to trust the government.Because we had the experienced SARS pandemic back to 2003, we know it is the

China is a river civilization, and European and North American countries are marine civilizations. River civilization is good at dealing with extreme disasters, while ocean civilization is good at exploiting and expanding. River civilization is based on farming, and river-taming is a major challenge in preventing floods and saving arable lands. River-taming calls for uniting the masses, so the core of river civilization is collectivism, and individual freedom has to submit to the collective interest. After all, if an individual's act of freedom sabotaged the public's entire effort against floods, 

Most of the answers focus on the policies taken by the Chinese government, such as the mask, the health code, the strict isolation and so on, which help China recover from the pandemic. I want to share some “incidents”, which accelerated the procedure. Some of them are strengths, and others are drawbacks. First, the isolation policy was published during the Spring Festival, the most important holiday in China, when everyone was supposed to leave work and go back home for a couple of days. It is easier for people to accept the situation of “enjoying a longer holiday”, instead of “being pulled aw 

China’s alleged recovery from Covid raises a lot of questions that the main stream media is unwilling to ask, largely because it does not fit their social agenda and might add to the public’s support of the current White House Administration. The first and most obvious observation that is being ignored is the fact that if this pandemic were in reality a biological attack, aimed at destabilizing the structure of the American and European economies it would have to be considered the the most wildly successful attack on America (and Europe) in the history of our nation. In fact this virus has had  

Shutting down Wuhan, a 11 million city, which also happens to be a major infrastructure and economic hub in China, without a blink. Implementing low level measures everywhere else in China with its ~1.4 billion people. Moving 10% of entire China’s medical personnel to Wuhan to help. Tripling medical personnel’s salary. Mobilizing all state resources and commandeering private resources as necessary. The amazing feat of building a 1000 bed hospital in 10 days. With 5G of course.  Free tests and treatment for everyone. Using big data and technology to track contagion. Replacing majority of the Wuhan regio 

First of all, it’s not the “rest of the world” that is struggling with COVID-19. Those who are currently struggling with the virus are those who refused to lockdown their cities and prepare their medical systems when China and WHO told the whole world that a pandemic was coming. Countries (such as South Korean, Japan, Vietnam, New Zealand, etc) that locked down their cities and asked their citizens to strictly follow quarantine rules are doing fine right now and are slowly opening up again. Lastly, it might still just be a theory, but I highly suspect that it was because the origin of the Cov 

 BEIJING: The Chinese follow the adage, “actions speak louder than words.” They believe it’s necessary to take actions first and communicate about it afterwards. Admittedly, this can lead to confusion at times but there’s a strategy behind it. I am often contacted to provide advice amid a crisis to decision-makers and if something requires immediate attention, I suggest they take actions first and explain later. Any delays to respond could make matters much worse. We live in an imperfect with imperfect people so to expect perfect solutions at all times would be nonsense. It’s been my experience th 

What did China do right during the trade war with America?
How did China manage to construct a quality infrastructure despite having a per capita GDP similar to third-world countries?
This is a very good question. The 2 points in the question makes perfect sense so I’ll address both of them. How did China manage to construct a vastly superior infrastructure at such a speed? This partly thanks to the hard working Chinese construction workers at Robin Daverman has mentioned in his answer. But most important it’s because of the the advance of technology in the architecture / construction. Chinese build skyscraper in just 15 days  When I was a child I always believed the US is the leader in science and technology. In the last 10~20 years China has  

I’ll play the Devil’s Advocate on this one and offer an opposing view that I believe has some hard factual elements, but may not be the one everyone wants to hear. The authoritarian government structure has undoubtedly been the foundation of the system that has allowed so many projects to exist in China in recent years. Organizations can be assembled quickly, environmental assessments can be skipped, villages can be bulldozed overnight, but there are other aspects as well. What China has that third-world countries don’t have, GDP per capita aside, is an gigantic army of cheap labor. Labor is an 

Others have already talked about the government support and the financial capital. I want to mention one more thing - the Chinese construction engineers and workers are some serious maniacs! In most developed countries, construction starts with people driving heavy equipment, clear out the land, build the road, dig the ditches, etc. In China, a lot of those are built by people doing rock-climbing/wire-walking. Like this.     You see, the Chinese has a history of asking the impossible from their construction engineers, like this photo which was taken back in 1970.  The guy with the flag was saying, yo 

Interesting and thought provoking answers by all, but an abundance of "cheap labor" and daring skilled laborers does not explain the explosion and continued growth of the prime movers and shakers in the Chinese economy: China's burgeoning and continuously expanding Middle Class. This Middle Class is something that Third World countries do not have, but China has in spades.  While having an army of cheap labor is certainly advantageous, it is no longer China's ace in the hole as other countries, e.g., Vietnam, are now outpacing China with even cheaper wages.  What Vietnam doesn't have yet, though 

Here's where I will answer differently from everyone. As people often say, dont judge a book by its cover. In my opinion, the infrastructures are not vastly more superior than first world countries. As others have mentioned, the buildings and infrastructures are built quickly. Some are built very impressively to the naked eye. The build at all cost is amazing and can't compare with any other country. Which is all true but detail is where its at! The lack of detail or attention to detail is a big issue. When China built their first High Speed Rail - within months of their launch, there was already  

One of interesting CULTURAL differences between China and rest of the world is that through out history of China, Chinese people EXPECT the government to get involved in big infrastructure projects. When I say “through out history,” I literally means the beginning of Chinese civilization. One of more accepted theory about how China become a highly centralized State so early is because big government emerged as an organizational necessity to tame the Yellow River, which flooded often. The Great Wall, DuJiangYan, various canals and irrigation network, roads, were all completed by the very first c 

Because GPD per capita does not matter China has a population of 1,3 billion. Out of these around 10% of people live on a standard of the Western world. But the 90% are very poor. If you would count only the 10% their GDP per capita would be the same as e.g. in Germany, France or USA. But since the are only 10% of them and the rest has nothing then you must divide the GPD per capita by 10. And that’s why China has a GPD per capita as a third world country. It’s a simplification but the basic is true. But as I have said GDP per capita does not matter in construction and infrastructure. Especially 

It has mostly been overlooked by most of the authors here who extol the virtues of hard work and sacrifice by the Chinese population, which has some basis in fact but is over done a bit. What needs to be brought out is that China today (or even in the 80s) exists in a developed world. They do not have to deal with maintaining a legacy infrastructure. They can look across the world and choose to build roads like Germany, trains like Japan, and buildings like Paris or London. They do not have to evolve thru trial and error but take mature technologies and bring them to China. The bullet trains in 

Basic economics: investments are funded by surplus in savings. Although per-capita wise China is still relatively poor, but we have one of the highest saving rate in world (around 50%) and the largest GDP in terms of purchasing power. Not only there are plenty money to fund the national investments also in recent years China has become an net exporter in capitals. You must have heard the news Chinese investors buying up landmark buildings in NY or some Chinese conglomerates never heard of are shopping Fortune 500 companies like they are on Christmas sales or something. Now the demand side: Chin 

GDP per capita is a great tool to view the world through, mostly nominal GDP per capita. However, due to the Pareto principle, wealth looks very different in bigger countries, even if the average person is not doing that great. For example, China’s GDP per capita distribution looks like this:  You can see in some regions the wealth is about $4,7k USD, while in others like Shanghai and Beijing is closer to $20k-$21k. Now there might be $20–21k gdp in those two regions, but they’re also very populous, meaning that 20k per person multiplied by the 27 million people, it creates about half a trillion  

Why does Shanghai look so developed even with a GDP per capita that is half of Western Europe?
What's the best way to skyrocket the Russian GDP per capita so it would be ahead of Japan, or Germany, in terms of total GDP?
How do you think China has recovered from COVID-19 so quickly while the rest of the world is struggling?
What do economists think of capitalism?
Can capitalism benefit an entire population (all socioeconomic classes) or just the ones on top?
Why are China's neighbors so afraid of her?
There are quite a few reasons for this. First, historically speaking, China is very expansionist. In fact, many of today independent countries have, at one point or another, been invaded, annexed, or forced to pay tribute. And this has gone on for a few thousands years (since Classical time). As such, it is ingrained for most neighbors to be extremely wary of whatever China is up to. Second, China is culturally quite arrogant. I am not saying that the individual Chinese is arrogant. No, each of them can be very modest. However, as a culture, China more or less look down on everyone else. As an e 

There are plenty of neighbors so I'll try give a Chinese perspective. I shouldn't be the right person to answer this question but this really attempting, so let me start by listing all the neighbors clockwise, starting from 12 clock. 1. MongoliaI'm not sure they are afraid of China. They have been both ruled by China and ruled China in the past, but barely any bloody history happened in that direction. I grew up in Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, and Mongolians I met are definitely not afraid of China.  2. RussiaI'm not sure if they are afraid of any country on the earth. They might have con 

I’m not so sure regarding the other Asian countries’ reason why they’re afraid of China, but I could give you some glimpse on the Philippines’ side Back in the South China Sea crisis (before the rise of our new president), China claimed the entire area is theirs, now, we Filipinos know that we have no land border disputes nor do we share a land area with another country, we have complete knowledge on our maritime border to who our neighbors are But suddenly, China said that they own the Eastern maritime area of the Philippines, we Filipinos were caught off guard, talks such as “What the fuck? We 

I have to limit the range of the neighbors you said to several countries because most countries bordering on China have a good relationship with China. 1.Japan Japan fears China as China grows too fast and now becomes a power even though it was only a poor weak country 40 years ago. Japan has been a big power since the meji restoration and it defeated China,the traditional overlord of east Asia,in 1895 and replaced the latter. During that period Japan was the only power who could be on a par with Western countries in Asia. Now with the development of China Japan has to face the truth that China is 

Japan and Germany lost for many reasons. One reason was because they challenged the existing order and there was sufficient power to oppose them. Had they expanded but stopped they could have consolidated their holdings and then gone for another push - that might have been wiser. The PRC has learn that lesson, she did terribly when she tried to challenge the existing order but also when she was just trying to survive within it when she got carved up like a steak. The missing link was power. Now she has power she might not challenge it in such a clumsy manner but she can certainly poke and prod  

Thank you for A2A. Not an easy question, and there should be plenty of factors that are specific to individual countries. You also need to understand that any country has some percentage of paranoid people who would be afraid of anything, and many have fear-mongers who use fear of something else for their benefit. With that in mind, some factors:  China is strong, and her strength grows day by day, both militarily and economically. That should look especially threatening when  contrasted with the problems other countries have internally - so the fears of own country's troubles are expressed as

To address ’Why are China's neighbors so afraid of her?’, I would first discuss whether China is a threat to her neighboring countries. By discussing the later question, we could easily draw the conclusion/or the answer to the first one. Let’s start with China’s capabilities and China’s intentions (Logic is I assume that you won’t see someone as a threat if he/she is capable of doing nothing and you won’t see someone as a threat if he or she does not intend to harm you). Capabilities of China: In terms of economy: China is the second largest single economy entity(if we don’t count EU as one singl 

Who is afraid of China? That question is one everybody including the Chinese are scrabbling to answer. Personally I believe the Chinese have been caught a little unaware and surprised at there new found place in the world. It’s easy for countries like Russia and Iran who regionally have military power but are economic basket cases and can really do little more than sabre rattle. They know that their actions are not going to really frighten the neighbours so are little more than a nonsense that the so called enemies tolerate because the arms industry want an excuse to sell weapons and anyway eve 

East Asian countries are all military monsters. Let’s look at their military budgets. Then compare it with other regions. The military forces of neighboring countries obtain weapons funds by promoting Chinese threats, which are largely a business. Who do you buy weapons from? United States. This excessive military budget takes up funds for development and has spawned more corruption. If the total of neighboring countries can't exceed China's budget, why not give up unrealistic strategies? The ratio of China's military budget to GDP is very low.(lower than most European countries.) Even lower than 

Look at the Pacific Ocean in the area bordering China. How many countries share it? Guess which country claims it owns all of it? China. Guess who agrees with them? No one. Guess which country has the largest military forces of all of them? China. Guess which country has the largest economy and the most money of all of them? China. Guess which country all the other countries are economically dependent on? China. Guess which country has the largest population and thus can afford to lose the greatest number in any dispute? China. Guess which of them has a history of claiming it is the center of  

Could an independent Hong Kong surpass Singapore as a major technological and financial hub in Asia?
Within the context of a resilient Han civilization, an Independent Hong Kong has the potential to become a major technological and financial hub in Asia, but it cannot surpass Singapore. Similarly, Hong Kong’s potential advancement cannot surpass Taiwan. In many ways, the potential development would mirror Taiwan rather than Singapore in terms of geographic proximity to the mainland and history; For these reasons, the rise of Hong Kong would be capped by China because: 1. Taiwan relies heavily on its economic relation with China, so would Hong Kong. 2. China’s ongoing attempts to isolate Taiwan d 

With great difficulty. Singapore has been an independent nation for 55 years now (2020) and has some of the trappings of a country (e.g. its own Army, Air Force, Navy, flag, passport and currency). Hong Kong is a Special Administrative Region (One Country, Two Systems) with a Mini-Constitution and Basic Law… that is somehow getting gradually superceded by the Chinese Constitution. You… see where I’m going with this, right? The Government of Hong Kong doesn’t have a culture or value-system that is anywhere remote to Singapore’s where it develops the tech-savvy and tech-levels of its people. Instea 

No. And the reason for that are due to the chaotic mix of politics, business and government policies that are in place. Singapore is a country. The government operates in an autocratic manner, yes, but it is voted by its citizens. They don’t have to compromise when it comes to decisions that affect the nation or its people. Transportation hub? sure, let's do it! Increased budget for the military? Done! Public Housing at the cost of higher national debt (because it is paid using the citizen’s money)? Great! HK is not a country, it’s an autonomous territory that is allowed to have certain freedoms 

Let me put it this way. Even if we imagine a perfect political situation for Hong Kong, such as peaceful independence, strong leadership backed by mandate, and a united populace on fire with rabid nationalism, Hong Kong faces many intractable problems. First, how do you solve the real estate problem? It now takes more than 20 years wages to buy an apartment in the private market, an unsustainable condition. Sky high prices is strangling the lifeblood out of the city because too much capital is stuck in illiquid real estate. What makes it worse is the government recognizing land sales as revenue. 

When the British Empire left Hong Kong it left behind 99 years of humiliation - but that was not all. Worsely it left behind a network of trained ‘critters’ that had adopted the British epistemology and would act at the Empires bidding. If U took a serious look at the population inhabiting the Island of great Britain, while I do not want to degrade them, but rather say they have degraded themselves by subjecting themselves not as citizens of a nation but as subjects of the System of Royalty. While it is true that thru great self fortitude some individuals have done some exceptional discoveries, 

No. Because Singapore does not have the problems of racist hatred which drive HK. Because Singapore is not tied to a stronger neighbour who can turn off water, electricity and food without mutually hurting each other. Because Singapore ndoes perhaps not depend on its functionality as a mainland access indicate drive it is economic climate. Imagine if HK actually became independent. Could it survive by itself like Singapore does without getting determined by either the usa or UK help it get food, water and electricity from China. Would HK manage to pay the actual market prices set by China for the  

Technology, no, and singapore also cannot be the tech hub in Asia too. As technology burns money often without profits for years, or even lose market very quick as technology changes so fast; And technology needs applying, needs factory, needs datas, needs market, both SG and HK don't have these advantage; Further, will face strong competition from Shenzhen where already is a tech center in China and with much better conditions for starters. Finance, 50% chance, as HKG has been a financial hub for many years, and capital are free to in and out, but no matter how free it is, the reason for capit 

Let’s put it in perspective. One. “Technology” usually refers to manufacturing, the techniques used in the production process, such as robotics, or the products, such as autonomous vehicles. In this respect, there is no question of “surpass”. Hong Kong gave up manufacturing a long time ago. True, financial activities make use of a lot of technology, but they are the application of the technologies developed elsewhere, such as the use of AI in mortgage lending, and digital banking. I think this is not what is envisaged in the question about “technological hub”. Two. Hong Kong and Singapore are bo 

Certainly but this is a very theoretical question. First there is no way that China will allow HK to be independent. The chance of that occurring is like 5%. The only scenario I see where HK can be independent is where the US is at war with China and the US uses its immense military power to bring China to its knees and forces China to free HK. Can this happen? In life anything is possible. It could come about if US/China relations continue to deteriorate and the US decides to launch a preemptive strike on China to prevent it from becoming too powerful and becoming a bigger threat to it. HK has 

No, and mostly likely HK will be doomed in both aspects. In term of technological hub, HK is lacking the industry and market to support a technological hub, and more importantly, the supplies (brains, capital, etc). Yes it got some of the top universities in Asia, but when I went to some of the job fairs on their campus, most of the recruiters are from banks, insurance company and brokers. People with most the capital there have no incentive to breed another silicon valley. It make sense, because when you have enough capital and freedom to hoard empty lands and pop up property price, and when y 

How come millennials have it hard, if the economy has had a real growth of about 2% on average the past decades?
Why does the Communist Party of China encourage economic success while knowing full well it's destroying China's environment?
Like Feifei Wang said, if you come from a western country, then you have no moral high ground to ask this question. Not only have western countries been polluting the entire earth since the last couple of centuries, much of China's pollution today actually comes from foreign companies moving their most polluted factories into China to conform to western environmental regulations. Much of what China manufactures gets consumed by the west, too. Essentially, Chinese workers get paid low wages AND suffered the majority of the world's pollutions for westerners to enjoy their "green" lifestyle at a  

Let’s begin with another story that illustrates completely different thing: When an Indonesian businessman tried to open a new paper mill business in China, they rejected it. Because the government is actually closing down half of their paper mills. China paper mill closures to over 4 million tonnes Why? Because we are tree-hugging commies baby! That’s why! https://gbtimes.com/china-now-has-the-largest-amount-of-planted-forest-in-the-world What the heck? Aren’t you guys the one who invented paper? Why are you abandoning paper? The Cashless Society Has Arrived— Only It’s in China Yeah, we invented it,  

I do not think China has a choice. With 1.3 billion people, economic progress is not a choice but a necessity for the Chinese government. As a person who has been traveling across the length and breadth of China, I can confidently say that what westerners see as China is mostly Beijing, Shanghai, perhaps even Shenzhen and the 3 gorges dam. Most westerners have not even heard of the large Chinese cities like Chengdu (成都市) and Xiamen (厦门) - forget about smaller towns and the country side. The latter reveal a different picture of China that most westerners have not seen. Also, the question should r 

It had no choice. This is how the globalized capitalism works, and if you do not shut yourself from the world trade, if you choose to open up, if you wish to get some benefits from the capitalist dominated world economic system, you have to trade your environment with foreign money, knowledge and technology. What did China have 40 years ago in exchange for western money and technology? Nothing except for cheap labor force, vast land and natural resources. China did not excel in technology, so it was impossible for her to sell high value products and get enough money to feed her population. All  

Your answer hit home with me. I live in Shanghai and I'm from the United Kingdom. I went home during spring festival and I was telling my grandfather about the state of the air in November (we must have had 50m visibility at best). His answer, without it seeming like he even had to think, was "well, its just like here back when I was a kid". He then went on to tell me about the state of the air in Reading, my hometown, and all of the factories we had. Some of it was a complete shock to me - Burberry had a factory less than 100 meters from the house I grew up in. It was probably way worse than B 

I agree with a number of these posts that economic development In poor countries is one of the highest priorities, but disagree on two points. First, as a country gets wealthier,  it has a higher obligation to clean up the environment. Many studies have been done that show when per capita income hits about $5000 governments start to take pollution cleanup more seriously. China has already exceeded this mark and has an increasing national and global obligation to clean its environment, perhaps not to the standards of Norway but beyond the standards of Bangladesh.  To say China has no obligation  

Here are some interesting pictures:   That was London during the Industrial Revolution. Maybe people didn't understand the seriousness of pollution back then? Well, how about something more recent and closer to home?   (That's LA, not Beijing.) Air pollution is a global issue, not just a Chinese issue. Every country destroys its environment during development. Didn't America, Great Britain, and all developed countries encourage their own economic growth (and some still are) without a thought about the environment? Remember who hunted bison to near-extinction? Not the Chinese. In fact, China currently  

I found it interesting that many Chinese tried their best to justify the environmental disaster in China, even though they themselves are the victims. They defend the CPC against any criticism with every excuse, as if they were the agents of the CPC and any criticism toward the CPC is offensive to them.  The most common excuse for the environmental problems in China is it's just the cost of developing economy that developed countries have paid in the past. It is not correct because in many cases environmental pollution in China happened not because Chinese or Chinese government were not aware o 

OKAY~ LET’S TALK ABOUT GOVERNMENT AND ENVIRONMENT ! On April 22, 2016; Earth Day. The Communist Party of China signed the Paris Agreement, the world’s first comprehensive climate agreement. China’s 21st century unequal treaty……   Before I get in to that, let’s first take a look how bad pollution is in China: World’s top 30 most polluted cites.  No cities in China are in the top 30 most polluted cities. Hard to believe? One more:  List of most polluted cities in the world by particulate matter concentration Top 40 most polluted cities in the world: No. 36 - China, Lanzhou.  Back to the topic. The 2015 Pari 

I'll bite.  The air pollution, at least in Beijing, makes a lot of Shanxi and Inner Mongolian coal barons very rich.  It also makes steel magnates in Hebei very rich as well.  These industries A) have lots of workers attached to them who would be unemployed and very angry if they were completely shut down, though this is a bit of an extreme solution and B) have lots of clout within the diffuse political machine that is the Communist Party and the government of China. To a lesser extent, on emmision standards on large vehicles are unenforced, which is noticeable in major cities by having a co 

Why are wealthy Chinese fleeing China?
I wouldn't use the word "flee". "Transfer their wealth overseas" is a better description. Unlike rich people in most countries these days, wealthy people in China are expected to fulfill their social responsibilities, by lifting everyone else out of poverty. This is what Premier Deng Xiaoping meant when he said “let some people get rich first” (讓一部分人先富起來), in his attempt to transform China from a communist economy to a capitalist one. How does anyone become ultra-rich? By working hard? Hell no. People become rich by exploiting their fellow man, by having their workers work extremely long hours f 

I would argue they are not. Confusing capital flight and people flight is a conflagrationary argument used against China PRC in the the tedious rounds of ill informed China bashing. There is a lot wrong with politics in China PRC right now and I am no fan of the change of direction that has occurred over the last 5 years but that said. The Party, the Govt and the Leader remain hugely popular in China. Wealthy Chinese are exportinh capital globally and Xi and his regeim is trying and being pretty successful at clamping down on this. Why are they doing this? China is as one party state there are ve 

Since the implementation of reform and opening up more than 30 years ago, China's rich have gradually increased. The Chinese also gradually passed the period of being ashamed of talking about money, and gradually entered the stage of saying money. It is a good thing that there are more and more wealthy people, but the wave of immigration of wealthy people in recent years is quite interesting. We generally refer to the organization that delivers talent for an industry as the Huangpu Military Academy in this industry. For example, the business school is the Huangpu Military Academy of business ow 

Well it isn’t a new thing. It has been happening now for a long-time. Each person has their different reasons for wanting to leave. The main reasons are: China is becoming more authoritarian since Xi Jingping came to power and the CCP are targeting some business people.The pollution, food security and other issues remain.It is getting harder to move money out of ChinaSome people have personal, social (marriage) or political reasons for leaving.For the very wealthy Chinese, they can keep making money from the Chinese market, whilst breathing in better air by going overseas. Especially in this day

Im simply going to repost an answer I wrote to a question that claimed that 40% of wealthy Chinese were fleeing China. Let me save you reading the answer and tell you there is no basis in reality for your claim. Just more anti-China rhetoric. ……… I've not seen any data or surveys that maje the claim you do - 40% of wealthy Chinese move out of China - be they formal or informal that support the statement in your question pertaining to intent to migrate. Please do provide a reference if you have any. In the meantime I can offer some anecdotal comments and reference points from my own engagement with 

Because they can see the house of cards for what it is.  No, your eyes are not deceiving you, that debt really is at 270% of the GDP. It's pretty bad  Keep in mind, China has an economy half the size of the US. There is no possible way to pay this debt. Which means that the Chinese government is either going to default on its loans or try and inflate it's debt away. The second might feasibly work… if you had a population expansion to match the inflation.  Yeah, the One Child Policy is a gift that keeps on giving. Which means those fat bank accounts that the wealthy Chinese have are going to suddenly be 

There are many reasons. On the one hand, you know, China is different from other capitalist countries, the rich don't have much political rights, if you want a lot of political freedom, going abroad may be a good choice. On the other hand, as China is a late developing country, its social environment, social security and quality of life are far less than those of some developed countries. Since some people are rich, it is understandable that they want to leave. After all, it is human instinct to pursue a happy life. Chinese society is under great pressure and the competition is very fierce. Th 

Wealthy Chinese are fleeing China? no those wealthy Chinese who made their ill gotten gains fearing a bullet flee China. Australia and the US along with the UK happily give them sanctuary. In Australia they are so well feted, they have corrupted ASIO (The Australian Security Intelligence Organization) buying through sexual seduction and money people like Roger Uren (who inspite of having been charged still has top level clearance) and former Deputy Prime MInister Julie Bishop (whose election campaign they funded to the tune of more than $500,000). The list goes on. Former Australian intelligence 

Few wealthy Chinese leave China, and none flee. In fact, the most popular city for billionaires to live is …..Beijing!  Beijing has more billionaires than even New York:  2.8K views · View upvotes355Dang Yu'angAnswered 2 years ago · Author has 606 answers and 720K answer views

A problem with a hostile atmosphere. If you answer "because the Chinese government prefers civilians more than the rich, some countries take excessive care of the rich." The questioner will feel uncomfortable. However, Quora should not be a battlefield because there are actually few people who care about what you asked and what you answered. The real answer is that this number is not high, but any small percentage multiplied by 1.4 billion people is a huge number. Why don't you care about some more interesting questions, why are there so many rich people in China while there are more cheaper worke 

How did China manage to construct a quality infrastructure despite having a per capita GDP similar to third-world countries?
This is a very good question. The 2 points in the question makes perfect sense so I’ll address both of them. How did China manage to construct a vastly superior infrastructure at such a speed? This partly thanks to the hard working Chinese construction workers at Robin Daverman has mentioned in his answer. But most important it’s because of the the advance of technology in the architecture / construction. Chinese build skyscraper in just 15 days  When I was a child I always believed the US is the leader in science and technology. In the last 10~20 years China has  

I’ll play the Devil’s Advocate on this one and offer an opposing view that I believe has some hard factual elements, but may not be the one everyone wants to hear. The authoritarian government structure has undoubtedly been the foundation of the system that has allowed so many projects to exist in China in recent years. Organizations can be assembled quickly, environmental assessments can be skipped, villages can be bulldozed overnight, but there are other aspects as well. What China has that third-world countries don’t have, GDP per capita aside, is an gigantic army of cheap labor. Labor is an 

Others have already talked about the government support and the financial capital. I want to mention one more thing - the Chinese construction engineers and workers are some serious maniacs! In most developed countries, construction starts with people driving heavy equipment, clear out the land, build the road, dig the ditches, etc. In China, a lot of those are built by people doing rock-climbing/wire-walking. Like this.     You see, the Chinese has a history of asking the impossible from their construction engineers, like this photo which was taken back in 1970.  The guy with the flag was saying, yo 

Interesting and thought provoking answers by all, but an abundance of "cheap labor" and daring skilled laborers does not explain the explosion and continued growth of the prime movers and shakers in the Chinese economy: China's burgeoning and continuously expanding Middle Class. This Middle Class is something that Third World countries do not have, but China has in spades.  While having an army of cheap labor is certainly advantageous, it is no longer China's ace in the hole as other countries, e.g., Vietnam, are now outpacing China with even cheaper wages.  What Vietnam doesn't have yet, though 

Here's where I will answer differently from everyone. As people often say, dont judge a book by its cover. In my opinion, the infrastructures are not vastly more superior than first world countries. As others have mentioned, the buildings and infrastructures are built quickly. Some are built very impressively to the naked eye. The build at all cost is amazing and can't compare with any other country. Which is all true but detail is where its at! The lack of detail or attention to detail is a big issue. When China built their first High Speed Rail - within months of their launch, there was already  

One of interesting CULTURAL differences between China and rest of the world is that through out history of China, Chinese people EXPECT the government to get involved in big infrastructure projects. When I say “through out history,” I literally means the beginning of Chinese civilization. One of more accepted theory about how China become a highly centralized State so early is because big government emerged as an organizational necessity to tame the Yellow River, which flooded often. The Great Wall, DuJiangYan, various canals and irrigation network, roads, were all completed by the very first c 

Because GPD per capita does not matter China has a population of 1,3 billion. Out of these around 10% of people live on a standard of the Western world. But the 90% are very poor. If you would count only the 10% their GDP per capita would be the same as e.g. in Germany, France or USA. But since the are only 10% of them and the rest has nothing then you must divide the GPD per capita by 10. And that’s why China has a GPD per capita as a third world country. It’s a simplification but the basic is true. But as I have said GDP per capita does not matter in construction and infrastructure. Especially 

It has mostly been overlooked by most of the authors here who extol the virtues of hard work and sacrifice by the Chinese population, which has some basis in fact but is over done a bit. What needs to be brought out is that China today (or even in the 80s) exists in a developed world. They do not have to deal with maintaining a legacy infrastructure. They can look across the world and choose to build roads like Germany, trains like Japan, and buildings like Paris or London. They do not have to evolve thru trial and error but take mature technologies and bring them to China. The bullet trains in 

Basic economics: investments are funded by surplus in savings. Although per-capita wise China is still relatively poor, but we have one of the highest saving rate in world (around 50%) and the largest GDP in terms of purchasing power. Not only there are plenty money to fund the national investments also in recent years China has become an net exporter in capitals. You must have heard the news Chinese investors buying up landmark buildings in NY or some Chinese conglomerates never heard of are shopping Fortune 500 companies like they are on Christmas sales or something. Now the demand side: Chin 

GDP per capita is a great tool to view the world through, mostly nominal GDP per capita. However, due to the Pareto principle, wealth looks very different in bigger countries, even if the average person is not doing that great. For example, China’s GDP per capita distribution looks like this:  You can see in some regions the wealth is about $4,7k USD, while in others like Shanghai and Beijing is closer to $20k-$21k. Now there might be $20–21k gdp in those two regions, but they’re also very populous, meaning that 20k per person multiplied by the 27 million people, it creates about half a trillion  

When will China's economy surpass that of the US?
Based on my personal research and analysis, I do not think that China will overtake the United States in real GDP. The 2 economies may converge at some point, but it doesn't seem likely to happen anytime soon. First of all, China’s current GDP and growth figures are unlikely to be true [1]. There is a lot of evidence to support that the People’s Republic of China’s government statistics agencies are fudging economic data. I highly doubt that their real GDP was $12.24T in 2017 and they are consistently growing at a 6.7% rate 3 quarters in a row [2]. Many people discuss China’s PPP figure, which i 

By Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) measures, it already has. China's GDP ranks in around $18 trillion while America's is about $1 trillion less. PPP attempts to control for differences in price levels and exchanges across economies. For instance a famous example is the Big Mac. In America it might cost $3 (I actually don't know what a Big Mac really costs so forgive me here) whereas in China it might cost 12 Yuan. Now the exchange rate is about 6:1 dollar so if the price levels across the economies were equal we would expect the Big Mac price in China to be 18 rather than 12. This implies that t 

2030 or 2040. CHINA overtook Germany, then Japan, and then USA in 2015 to 2018 depending on whose data you used, based on PPP.  On absolute GDP we can see various data from consulting houses and IMF, etc. China could bypass USA as the largest economy as early as 2030 or by 2040. For China to achieve this, its plans to transform its economy must go well. Getting more citizens’s involvement, less savings and driving up more consumerism, economic shifting more towards services and finance, and less reliance on manufacturing and infrastructure. Also its urbanisation strategy will continue as planned  

From what I hear currently… it is debated if it already has. I think most open minded people and those who have visited the two will say China is now the biggest, but it happened a long time ago. So… You will also find some who point out, using facts this is not the case. There are others out there too that say the opposite. Honestly, I think you can find evidences showing either side lacking in somethings but really surpassing the other in a few areas. So it is more like disputed now. Also people need to lose the attitude China is lacking too far behind the US or won't ever succeed surpassing us 

Chinese economy is already larger than the US economy. Now we only need to make it official. As Martin Andrews pointed out, GDP measured as Purchasing Power Parity (that is, what goods and services you can buy in the country they are produced) is already larger.  Nominal GDP wise it will be harder, because the USD is still the World Reserve currency, but this is unlikely to continue indefinetely if the USA stops being the main trading partner of many other countries:  The only inidicator where the US is clearly keeping or increasing its edge is Market Capitalization:  https://seekingalpha.com/articl 

The real questions are really sooner or later, and by what means. China has a couple of advantages (and a few challenges that can the delay the point where the graphs of the two economies meet): Many people have pointed out the Chinese economy’s growth rate. Even if the growth rate is halved, the Chinese economy will still grow faster than the US economy (though there will be problems cropping up due to the slower growth.)The household consumption of China as part of the GDP is still low compared to equivalent economies. As the Chinese middle class is now the world’s largest, consumption will g

The current global system is western, and China is not ideologically on board. The 4 biggest US corporations rival China in monetary resources, and they have lobbyists in Washington that own both sides of the aisle, plus they have CEOs and high level administrators that move in and out of the Whitehouse as directors of every presidential administration, left and right. The US tax base is massive, and the debt production in the population there is unprecedented. But the system of western banking owns huge interests other countries and they are all indebted to western banks. China is in debt to t 

Possible but I would say rather unlikely. The thing is, no matter how much we may fear China in the US (or despise, have a grudging respect for, the court of public opinion is yet to hand down a ruling) they aren’t a superpower yet. They are a regional power certainly, and one on the cusp of superpower. But they face a few significant drawbacks, mostly the lack of ability to project power to anywhere on the planet. The US has had that since WWII and the Soviet Union for almost as long (at their peak, Russia no longer has that ability). China is at least a generation from that. But in economic t 

China already has over taken over the US as the largest Economy in the world as of December 2012. However, the US came roaring back in 2013. The US is #1 in GDP and China is #2 according to the IMF and World Bank. #3 Japan, #4 Germany #5 Great Britain and #6 India. However, based on Purchasing Power, China is #1. FASTEST GROWING ECONOMIES Southern Africa Regions 7.5% GDP Rate, India 7.2% Rate, China 6.6% Rate and US at 2.3% rate. CHINA and CAPITALISM China is embracing capitalism. Proof is the city on Hong Kong. Though there is discention from the old party it is moving in this trading capitalist  

I do not think so and I will give 3 reasons to back my point up. History - This is because we have seen a china before (it was called the USSR) and the prediction was that the USSR would overtake the west by 2012. Both countries have the same structure politically and economically and we all know how that ended, don’t we?Societal structure - If China does not change it political structure then they will never overtake the USA. The strength of the USA is her freedom and unbridled capitalism, this means that an American can invest, study, and make progress in any and every sector of life you can 

Why couldn't Russia grow its economy as fast as China does?
How bad is corruption in present-day Russia?
What’s wrong with the Scandinavian model of economics?
The climate. Scandinavia is located between the 55th and 71st degrees North. It means we have winter five to seven months each year, short growth season for crops, Atlantic comes down from sky each spring and autumn, and oh, did I mention the rasputitsa? In short: failing in economy means death. I mean, literally, because poor people tended to freeze to death every Autumn. Tulis talvi ja tappais köyhät (Wish the winter would come and kill the poor!) is an age-old malediction in Finland. The direct consequence is everyone attempts to avoid failure and ensuing bankruptcy at any cost and not take a 

Ever lived in a Scandinavian country for an extended period of time?Ever lived in a country around the equator, this being:- by the ocean, hot and humid- high altitude, cold year round- inland, all jungle- desertetc. etc. Each region has a different economical system. Lets move from climate to food. What is wrong with a meat diet in the arctic circle?What is wrong with a vegetarian diet in “plant paradise” areas?What is wrong with a milk/meat diet in Mongolia?etc. etc. Now something to stir up emotions:What was wrong to use human labor when there was no mechanization?Ever picket cotton, 

It is a pay as you go system, where one`s individual rights in the future, is totally dependent on the future willingness and ability to fund these rights and claims, i.e you government pensions, healthcare and benefits. The rights and claims we have on the welfare state can be changed over night- our security is not governed and protected by treaty and legal agreements, but by political whim.The vast cradle to grave welfare state taking care of an increasing part of our big and small problems and an increasing number of non- problems and political nice to haves, undermine the individuals inte

It is not wrong, but we should not blindly believe that it is the best. We know that they are most stable economies, and have the happiest people, but they are not even close to socialists, as Bernie Sanders say. I wrote an article few days ago regarding the Scandinavian economy and it's dark side. Read this: Debunking the Scandinavian myth Some highlights of the post - Socialist? Not at all.Capitalist? Well, they started off as capitalists and now also, they aren't social. It's a myth.Debt and taxes? High!The most “What the heck” thing is their Jante Law which forces them to treat everyone as equ

A Danish entrepreneur recently described what he called “the BMW-syndrome.” (1) What he meant that for most Danish start-ups, the point at which the owner could buy a BMW was the point at which they stopped growing. The owner had reached the limit of luxury for Denmark, and any additional money earned would mostly go to the government in the form of taxes. Why do more? This isn’t just an entrepreneurial problem. A recent survey showed that Danish employees are among the least ambitious in Europe. Why move up the corporate ladder when it will just mean more time away from your family and when the 

Nothing at all. The system has been designed for people to enjoy their high standards of living on equality and time with your family! Outstanding education that is free and health care that compers to private health care in likes of UK! People aren't living on streets or verge of poverty like in US or having to be in debt when wanting to study or need medical attention! They don't need 3 jobs like vast majority of Americans but yet still earn more from one job! Obviously this ain't good environment for some greedy international companies or extreme individualist! Which like in every coutry is un 

There aren’t any bad side effects of the “Scandinavian Model”. There are a lot of unsupported assumptions concerning “growth” of the business sector being the definition of “good” that are being used to attack the model. Some of us believe that limiting the growth of big business is key to the survival of our human species. To us the power of big business (large corporations or super wealthy individuals and tribes) is a form of feudalism in which one group overpowers another for the advantage of the overpowering group and to the detriment of the overpowered. To believe that greed and a lust fo 

It is very interesting the fact that aging of European population is not accounted either for economics as well as for social features. The BMW-syndrome can be explained also by the little ambition of old people, and such old may be 40, when the hormones of the jungle start to decrease in blood, or the madness of youth that has driven ambition is ceased. Old people perspective is obviously shortened and efforts shrink to fulfill such vision of future. Further, whenever you get a small number of young people, the average ambition and the madness of youth within a population are also decreased a 

Perhaps the Scandinavian economic model is a result of the overall manner in which these particular societies function. There is a consistent higher ranking of contentment and quality of life in these countries than in other European and North American societies. The greater good ranks as more important than the individual because the result is better for most citizens most of the time. This will not make those obsessed with personal freedom and economic growth happy, but they are also not as happy or content either. So, overall, there isn’t anything particularly wrong with Scandinavian econom 

I don’t think there may be anything wrong with the Nordic model, unless you enjoy screwing over the elderly, young or infirm (one would have to go to the U.S. for that). Scandinavian countries are among the happiest in the world, according to Forbes. As someone from the U.S., their economic model looks very attractive and much healthier for all stages of the life cycle. FinlandDenmarkSwitzerlandIcelandNorwayNetherlandsSwedenRanked: The 20 Happiest Countries In The World85 viewsSheila PettingAnswered 7 months ago

The whole population of Vietnam is excited to hear that revised Vietnam GDP per capita will finally surpass Philippines GDP per capita in 2020. When will Vietnam GDP per capita surpass Italia and South Korea?
Trump supporters say the US economy by GDP was the most impressive ever until the pandemic. Others say Trump’s economy was just riding Obama’s coat-tails. Why the disparity?
The economy under Trump was largely a continuation of the Obama economy, but with significantly bigger fiscal deficits. Prior to the virus. GDP Before the Virus Obama, after getting us out of the Great Recession, had GDP growth mostly in the 2–3% range. Trump had the same GDP growth range. Trump’s expected GDP growth however, prior to the virus, was only estimated to be 1–2% going forward. Again, before the virus, so things were already projected to get worse, not better. Below is a chart of GDP under Obama from 2014 forward, during Trump, and a projection of future GDP out to 2024. This chart wa 

I cant believe the horsesh** being passed off in some of these answers. One idiot says that Bush (43) had a 1.3 trillion dollar surplus when he took office and ran up 15 trillion in debt. The same “bozo” credits Obama with only adding only 3 trillion in debt during his whole administration and GDP growth of between 2 and 3%. (understand I would address these lies directly but the coward disabled comments) Now for the facts: Bush 43 inherited about 5 trillion in debt. He left office with 10.9 trillion. Obama left office with just under 21 trillion in debt. The average GDP growth under Obama was 1.7 

Trump supporters are these people: Twitt(perfect name) is the most spot-on example of the typical "tolerant right"🙄&amp; "God-fearing",🙄 "Christian"🙄, Evangelical Trump supporter! 👇🙄 pic.twitter.com/K9SnCts8Em— 🌊MasksSaveLives😷 (@mammaTam55) July 4, 2020
  This people:  And these people:  Just look at the math skill and the grammar, not the best out there, right? And mostly are either paid through his foj, dod, fusion center agencies and infragard sponsored ““Organized community stalking program”(paid with tax payers money and masquerading as community policing), or through add gigs like this:  The organized community stalking program you have to look it up, an illegal and mostly hid program mostly employing trump supporters, evangelicals and other less than too educated people to ha 

I don’t see any disparity. Both statements are correct. The US economy experienced one record after the other since 2017. You will surely find measures where other periods were more impressive, but we saw stock market highs, record earnings, and historically low unemployment. It’s fair to say it was in many ways the most impressive economy ever. However, it’s also true that this was just a continuation of the boom since 2009. There was nothing Trump had to do to significantly improve the economy. In fact, his attempt to jump-boost an economy already at risk of overheating did achieve very little 

Ahh, economics, where with just a touch of bias you can come to any conclusion you want. On the Trump supporter side, they see a good economy, Trump is doing things they believe causes good economies, so there is no need to look further. If at first glance the evidence supports conclusions you like, stop examining the evidence. Basic confirmation bias, it’s rare for people not to do this, and especially rare among Trump supporters. Trump’s detractors on the other hand don’t want to give Trump credit, so they look for other explanations. The easiest one is just to point to the graphs that show t 

The answer to this is that Trump’s supporters look at what happened in absolute terms, where as the ‘others’ look at the relative changes since Trump came to power. Obama got the unemployment levels down to 4.7%. Trump reduced them to 3.5%.[1] That 3.5% may have included some record lows, but it was a drop of 1.2 percentage points over 3 years. That’s not a particularly impressive performance, particularly given all Trump’s supposed ‘pro-growth’ policies. A similar picture appears in manufacturing. Sure, nearly half a million manufacturing jobs returned under Trump, but that’s out of five million 

The answer to “why the disparity” is very simple and obvious. There is a stunning amount of economic ignorance in the United States. Many of our citizens believe in the economic nonsense such as “free markets” and Trickle Down economic policies, that are the cause of our cyclical economic “boom/bust” record over the last 40 years or so. What happens is when we elect a Republican president, and when Republicans dominate in Congress, the nation is sold on the preposterous idea that granting tax cuts to the rich, will result in economic growth that is sufficient to not only replace the tax revenue 

Well I look at the numbers and the information available. Obama had better GDP numbers than Trump BEFORE the pandemic. Obama had better job creation numbers BEFORE the pandemic Obama had better stock market growth BEFORE the pandemic Better balance of trade under Obama Farmers were not going bankrupt at record levels under Obama, they have been under Trump BEFORE the pandemic, since then it has gotten much worse. US manufacturing was in recession BEFORE the pandemic. Companies have been offshoring at record rates since Trump got the job. But then he offshores every job he can so to be expected. Whe 

It is very easy for anyone today to get factual, accurate, unbiased graphs of measures of economic performance for the USA that cover the years before Obama up until the present day, and the change in the economic performance that went with Obama taking over from Bush shows a significant improvement; the change from Obama to Trump shows little variation until a little while before the pandemic hit (started going wrong about Aug-Oct last year, months before the virus)… of course the huge budget blowout was not a “little” variation in that economic measure, but even if your opinion is that balan 

The disparity is one of viewpoint: Democrats can’t force themselves to see a single good thing in Trump’s Presidency, since by doing so they validate his accomplishments. Trump derangement syndrome has become a reality and it affects everything Democrat leadership does; even causing Democrats to flip 180 degrees on every ideal Trump champions merely because it came from him. Obama’s economy was growing extremely slowly, and while Democrats may disagree with his methods, Trump’s tax breaks and incentive programs paired with the removal of nearly all of the Obama regulations and penalties had an  

How did China manage to construct a quality infrastructure despite having a per capita GDP similar to third-world countries?
This is a very good question. The 2 points in the question makes perfect sense so I’ll address both of them. How did China manage to construct a vastly superior infrastructure at such a speed? This partly thanks to the hard working Chinese construction workers at Robin Daverman has mentioned in his answer. But most important it’s because of the the advance of technology in the architecture / construction. Chinese build skyscraper in just 15 days  When I was a child I always believed the US is the leader in science and technology. In the last 10~20 years China has  

I’ll play the Devil’s Advocate on this one and offer an opposing view that I believe has some hard factual elements, but may not be the one everyone wants to hear. The authoritarian government structure has undoubtedly been the foundation of the system that has allowed so many projects to exist in China in recent years. Organizations can be assembled quickly, environmental assessments can be skipped, villages can be bulldozed overnight, but there are other aspects as well. What China has that third-world countries don’t have, GDP per capita aside, is an gigantic army of cheap labor. Labor is an 

Others have already talked about the government support and the financial capital. I want to mention one more thing - the Chinese construction engineers and workers are some serious maniacs! In most developed countries, construction starts with people driving heavy equipment, clear out the land, build the road, dig the ditches, etc. In China, a lot of those are built by people doing rock-climbing/wire-walking. Like this.     You see, the Chinese has a history of asking the impossible from their construction engineers, like this photo which was taken back in 1970.  The guy with the flag was saying, yo 

Interesting and thought provoking answers by all, but an abundance of "cheap labor" and daring skilled laborers does not explain the explosion and continued growth of the prime movers and shakers in the Chinese economy: China's burgeoning and continuously expanding Middle Class. This Middle Class is something that Third World countries do not have, but China has in spades.  While having an army of cheap labor is certainly advantageous, it is no longer China's ace in the hole as other countries, e.g., Vietnam, are now outpacing China with even cheaper wages.  What Vietnam doesn't have yet, though 

Here's where I will answer differently from everyone. As people often say, dont judge a book by its cover. In my opinion, the infrastructures are not vastly more superior than first world countries. As others have mentioned, the buildings and infrastructures are built quickly. Some are built very impressively to the naked eye. The build at all cost is amazing and can't compare with any other country. Which is all true but detail is where its at! The lack of detail or attention to detail is a big issue. When China built their first High Speed Rail - within months of their launch, there was already  

One of interesting CULTURAL differences between China and rest of the world is that through out history of China, Chinese people EXPECT the government to get involved in big infrastructure projects. When I say “through out history,” I literally means the beginning of Chinese civilization. One of more accepted theory about how China become a highly centralized State so early is because big government emerged as an organizational necessity to tame the Yellow River, which flooded often. The Great Wall, DuJiangYan, various canals and irrigation network, roads, were all completed by the very first c 

Because GPD per capita does not matter China has a population of 1,3 billion. Out of these around 10% of people live on a standard of the Western world. But the 90% are very poor. If you would count only the 10% their GDP per capita would be the same as e.g. in Germany, France or USA. But since the are only 10% of them and the rest has nothing then you must divide the GPD per capita by 10. And that’s why China has a GPD per capita as a third world country. It’s a simplification but the basic is true. But as I have said GDP per capita does not matter in construction and infrastructure. Especially 

It has mostly been overlooked by most of the authors here who extol the virtues of hard work and sacrifice by the Chinese population, which has some basis in fact but is over done a bit. What needs to be brought out is that China today (or even in the 80s) exists in a developed world. They do not have to deal with maintaining a legacy infrastructure. They can look across the world and choose to build roads like Germany, trains like Japan, and buildings like Paris or London. They do not have to evolve thru trial and error but take mature technologies and bring them to China. The bullet trains in 

Basic economics: investments are funded by surplus in savings. Although per-capita wise China is still relatively poor, but we have one of the highest saving rate in world (around 50%) and the largest GDP in terms of purchasing power. Not only there are plenty money to fund the national investments also in recent years China has become an net exporter in capitals. You must have heard the news Chinese investors buying up landmark buildings in NY or some Chinese conglomerates never heard of are shopping Fortune 500 companies like they are on Christmas sales or something. Now the demand side: Chin 

GDP per capita is a great tool to view the world through, mostly nominal GDP per capita. However, due to the Pareto principle, wealth looks very different in bigger countries, even if the average person is not doing that great. For example, China’s GDP per capita distribution looks like this:  You can see in some regions the wealth is about $4,7k USD, while in others like Shanghai and Beijing is closer to $20k-$21k. Now there might be $20–21k gdp in those two regions, but they’re also very populous, meaning that 20k per person multiplied by the 27 million people, it creates about half a trillion  

How did the Netherlands become a rich country?
Why does Shanghai look so developed even with a GDP per capita that is half of Western Europe?
What's the best way to skyrocket the Russian GDP per capita so it would be ahead of Japan, or Germany, in terms of total GDP?
How is it possible that Russia's per capita GDP is so low, compared to Western Europe? I have been to Moscow for three days and it looked like quite a wealthy place. Is the rest of Russia that much poorer?
Russia is a totalitarian, extractive state governed through absolute, autocratic power. In no way is the showcase capital remotely representative of the Real Russia, which is better described as a decrepit wasteland teetering on the brink of oblivion than anything resembling the “great power” Tsar Putin and his sheepish minions boast about. The reason why Moscow, St. Petersburg, and a few other cities glimmer with opulence is because Russia, as with all despotic systems, operates on a hyper-centralized socio-economic paradigm of exploitation and plunder. Think of the Spanish and British colonia 

Moscow is very wealthy. What you have seen there is typical of big country/big city wealth. You’d see the same in Paris and London (and, like Moscow, their peripheral regions). If you spend three days in central Paris, or central London, you will see plenty of evidence of stratospheric wealth and enormous affluence. But go to a small town in Limousin or Yorkshire and things are very different. It’s the same in Russia. Moscow, London and Paris are all huge and Russia, UK and France are very dependent on these mega-cities. You’ll notice that countries such as Germany are more equalised and sprea 

Per capita GDP does not show you anything of any importance. It is just the gross GDP divided by the population. That certainly does not say who got more money than the next guy. What you need to look at as far as GDP is concerned is NGDP ppp that is the nominal gross domestic product as compared to purchasing power parity. Simply put that means how much a given currency can buy with the same currency compared to another economy. In Europe it may cost 15 Euros for a kilo of beef but in Russia it might cost 5 Euros for a kilo of beef. That mean the people in Russia can live on 33% of what people i 

Data on the gross domestic product of any country is largely an illusion. In order to see the real situation, we must look at least two things: the gross domestic product and the purchasing power parity. The purchasing power parity gives an opportunity to estimate the real volume of the economy without reference to the dollar exchange rate, as well as the real standard of living in the country. A knowledge of the structure of the country's gross domestic product allows us to distinguish the volume of the real sector, i.e. the actual product produced in various industries: mining and processing 

Well, yes. I would say you’re absolutely right that Moscow is the richest city in Russia, moreover its has been recently refurbished by the Moscow City mayor, especially Moscow’s central part. But if you drive a hundred miles away from Moscow, you will see a different picture. Moscow and St. Petersburg are the richest cities in Russia, with both of them being constituent entities of the Russian Federation along with “oblasts”, “krays”, and republics within the Russian Federation. In other words, Moscow is a city and a constituent entity like the Republic of Tatarstan, Kaliningradskaya Oblast ( 

Half the comments above are naive cheerleading. They claim that Russia is prospering under the leadership of Vladimir Putin and it will take time for Russia to break off the economic manacles the West imposed on Russia in the 1990s through shock doctrine and the Washington consensus. In reality, Moscow is a 'Potemkin village.' This is a Russian concept that has made its way into the English lexicon. A Potemkin village is a place built to deceive others into thinking things are better than they really are. This is not a new concept. Saint Petersburg was built to deceive the West into thinking Ru 

The single most important reason Russia has an economy smaller than, for example, a country like Canada (with 100 million less people, less people per km2, and an as inhospitable environment) is that Russia, in the last 250 years, has only had authoritarian governments more interested in maintaining power than improving the country. All rich modern countries all have one thing in common - diversified, relatively open free market societies and economies with clear limits on political and military power. If you look at traditional leading Western countries from the late 19th Century - the UK, Fra 

One reason that seems to have been omitted is international trade sanctions imposed on Russia by the US and EU. Since the introduction of sanctions Russian GDP has fallen significantly and entered a recession immediately following their imposition. Though it is claimed that these sanctions are to punish the leaders of a regime, the ones who suffer are the lowest classes who cannot protect themselves like the elites can. International trade sanctions directly impoverish those whom are already poor right around the globe, often enough to the point of starvation that they should be considered high 

Russia has always been well-blessed and badly cursed. It is blessed with intelligent, talented, and likable people, and abundant natural resources. It is cursed by geography and no cultural foundation for representative democracy and good government, as are, for example Britain, the USA and Canada, most of Western Europe, and the rest of the English speaking world. Geographically Russia suffers from having very little coastline, which has always made the country one of the poorest in Europe due to the high cost to transport bulk goods. Railroads and modern technology should have begun to remedy 

Easy answer - highly centralised developing country. Moscow and St. Petersburg are only places that could be compared with Western/Central Europe in main economical/social metrics.  Even Russians often say that these two cities are not “Russian” or don't represent real Russia.  Your question could represent fundamental problem about understanding of term developed/wealth country because your opinion Is based on the capital. Even relatively poor countries in Asia/Africa/south America have quite wealthy/developed capitals/big cities.  Russian export On the other hand developed countries have to comply  

How can Mainland China think it's doing great when their per capita GDP is by far the lowest out of all the Chinese speaking world?
Trump supporters say the US economy by GDP was the most impressive ever until the pandemic. Others say Trump’s economy was just riding Obama’s coat-tails. Why the disparity?
The economy under Trump was largely a continuation of the Obama economy, but with significantly bigger fiscal deficits. Prior to the virus. GDP Before the Virus Obama, after getting us out of the Great Recession, had GDP growth mostly in the 2–3% range. Trump had the same GDP growth range. Trump’s expected GDP growth however, prior to the virus, was only estimated to be 1–2% going forward. Again, before the virus, so things were already projected to get worse, not better. Below is a chart of GDP under Obama from 2014 forward, during Trump, and a projection of future GDP out to 2024. This chart wa 

I cant believe the horsesh** being passed off in some of these answers. One idiot says that Bush (43) had a 1.3 trillion dollar surplus when he took office and ran up 15 trillion in debt. The same “bozo” credits Obama with only adding only 3 trillion in debt during his whole administration and GDP growth of between 2 and 3%. (understand I would address these lies directly but the coward disabled comments) Now for the facts: Bush 43 inherited about 5 trillion in debt. He left office with 10.9 trillion. Obama left office with just under 21 trillion in debt. The average GDP growth under Obama was 1.7 

Trump supporters are these people: Twitt(perfect name) is the most spot-on example of the typical "tolerant right"🙄&amp; "God-fearing",🙄 "Christian"🙄, Evangelical Trump supporter! 👇🙄 pic.twitter.com/K9SnCts8Em— 🌊MasksSaveLives😷 (@mammaTam55) July 4, 2020
  This people:  And these people:  Just look at the math skill and the grammar, not the best out there, right? And mostly are either paid through his foj, dod, fusion center agencies and infragard sponsored ““Organized community stalking program”(paid with tax payers money and masquerading as community policing), or through add gigs like this:  The organized community stalking program you have to look it up, an illegal and mostly hid program mostly employing trump supporters, evangelicals and other less than too educated people to ha 

I don’t see any disparity. Both statements are correct. The US economy experienced one record after the other since 2017. You will surely find measures where other periods were more impressive, but we saw stock market highs, record earnings, and historically low unemployment. It’s fair to say it was in many ways the most impressive economy ever. However, it’s also true that this was just a continuation of the boom since 2009. There was nothing Trump had to do to significantly improve the economy. In fact, his attempt to jump-boost an economy already at risk of overheating did achieve very little 

Ahh, economics, where with just a touch of bias you can come to any conclusion you want. On the Trump supporter side, they see a good economy, Trump is doing things they believe causes good economies, so there is no need to look further. If at first glance the evidence supports conclusions you like, stop examining the evidence. Basic confirmation bias, it’s rare for people not to do this, and especially rare among Trump supporters. Trump’s detractors on the other hand don’t want to give Trump credit, so they look for other explanations. The easiest one is just to point to the graphs that show t 

The answer to this is that Trump’s supporters look at what happened in absolute terms, where as the ‘others’ look at the relative changes since Trump came to power. Obama got the unemployment levels down to 4.7%. Trump reduced them to 3.5%.[1] That 3.5% may have included some record lows, but it was a drop of 1.2 percentage points over 3 years. That’s not a particularly impressive performance, particularly given all Trump’s supposed ‘pro-growth’ policies. A similar picture appears in manufacturing. Sure, nearly half a million manufacturing jobs returned under Trump, but that’s out of five million 

The answer to “why the disparity” is very simple and obvious. There is a stunning amount of economic ignorance in the United States. Many of our citizens believe in the economic nonsense such as “free markets” and Trickle Down economic policies, that are the cause of our cyclical economic “boom/bust” record over the last 40 years or so. What happens is when we elect a Republican president, and when Republicans dominate in Congress, the nation is sold on the preposterous idea that granting tax cuts to the rich, will result in economic growth that is sufficient to not only replace the tax revenue 

Well I look at the numbers and the information available. Obama had better GDP numbers than Trump BEFORE the pandemic. Obama had better job creation numbers BEFORE the pandemic Obama had better stock market growth BEFORE the pandemic Better balance of trade under Obama Farmers were not going bankrupt at record levels under Obama, they have been under Trump BEFORE the pandemic, since then it has gotten much worse. US manufacturing was in recession BEFORE the pandemic. Companies have been offshoring at record rates since Trump got the job. But then he offshores every job he can so to be expected. Whe 

It is very easy for anyone today to get factual, accurate, unbiased graphs of measures of economic performance for the USA that cover the years before Obama up until the present day, and the change in the economic performance that went with Obama taking over from Bush shows a significant improvement; the change from Obama to Trump shows little variation until a little while before the pandemic hit (started going wrong about Aug-Oct last year, months before the virus)… of course the huge budget blowout was not a “little” variation in that economic measure, but even if your opinion is that balan 

The disparity is one of viewpoint: Democrats can’t force themselves to see a single good thing in Trump’s Presidency, since by doing so they validate his accomplishments. Trump derangement syndrome has become a reality and it affects everything Democrat leadership does; even causing Democrats to flip 180 degrees on every ideal Trump champions merely because it came from him. Obama’s economy was growing extremely slowly, and while Democrats may disagree with his methods, Trump’s tax breaks and incentive programs paired with the removal of nearly all of the Obama regulations and penalties had an  

Why has Vietnam still been poorer in terms of the GDP capital than most of the African countries?
How come millennials have it hard, if the economy has had a real growth of about 2% on average the past decades?
Why does the Communist Party of China encourage economic success while knowing full well it's destroying China's environment?
Like Feifei Wang said, if you come from a western country, then you have no moral high ground to ask this question. Not only have western countries been polluting the entire earth since the last couple of centuries, much of China's pollution today actually comes from foreign companies moving their most polluted factories into China to conform to western environmental regulations. Much of what China manufactures gets consumed by the west, too. Essentially, Chinese workers get paid low wages AND suffered the majority of the world's pollutions for westerners to enjoy their "green" lifestyle at a  

Let’s begin with another story that illustrates completely different thing: When an Indonesian businessman tried to open a new paper mill business in China, they rejected it. Because the government is actually closing down half of their paper mills. China paper mill closures to over 4 million tonnes Why? Because we are tree-hugging commies baby! That’s why! https://gbtimes.com/china-now-has-the-largest-amount-of-planted-forest-in-the-world What the heck? Aren’t you guys the one who invented paper? Why are you abandoning paper? The Cashless Society Has Arrived— Only It’s in China Yeah, we invented it,  

I do not think China has a choice. With 1.3 billion people, economic progress is not a choice but a necessity for the Chinese government. As a person who has been traveling across the length and breadth of China, I can confidently say that what westerners see as China is mostly Beijing, Shanghai, perhaps even Shenzhen and the 3 gorges dam. Most westerners have not even heard of the large Chinese cities like Chengdu (成都市) and Xiamen (厦门) - forget about smaller towns and the country side. The latter reveal a different picture of China that most westerners have not seen. Also, the question should r 

It had no choice. This is how the globalized capitalism works, and if you do not shut yourself from the world trade, if you choose to open up, if you wish to get some benefits from the capitalist dominated world economic system, you have to trade your environment with foreign money, knowledge and technology. What did China have 40 years ago in exchange for western money and technology? Nothing except for cheap labor force, vast land and natural resources. China did not excel in technology, so it was impossible for her to sell high value products and get enough money to feed her population. All  

Your answer hit home with me. I live in Shanghai and I'm from the United Kingdom. I went home during spring festival and I was telling my grandfather about the state of the air in November (we must have had 50m visibility at best). His answer, without it seeming like he even had to think, was "well, its just like here back when I was a kid". He then went on to tell me about the state of the air in Reading, my hometown, and all of the factories we had. Some of it was a complete shock to me - Burberry had a factory less than 100 meters from the house I grew up in. It was probably way worse than B 

I agree with a number of these posts that economic development In poor countries is one of the highest priorities, but disagree on two points. First, as a country gets wealthier,  it has a higher obligation to clean up the environment. Many studies have been done that show when per capita income hits about $5000 governments start to take pollution cleanup more seriously. China has already exceeded this mark and has an increasing national and global obligation to clean its environment, perhaps not to the standards of Norway but beyond the standards of Bangladesh.  To say China has no obligation  

Here are some interesting pictures:   That was London during the Industrial Revolution. Maybe people didn't understand the seriousness of pollution back then? Well, how about something more recent and closer to home?   (That's LA, not Beijing.) Air pollution is a global issue, not just a Chinese issue. Every country destroys its environment during development. Didn't America, Great Britain, and all developed countries encourage their own economic growth (and some still are) without a thought about the environment? Remember who hunted bison to near-extinction? Not the Chinese. In fact, China currently  

I found it interesting that many Chinese tried their best to justify the environmental disaster in China, even though they themselves are the victims. They defend the CPC against any criticism with every excuse, as if they were the agents of the CPC and any criticism toward the CPC is offensive to them.  The most common excuse for the environmental problems in China is it's just the cost of developing economy that developed countries have paid in the past. It is not correct because in many cases environmental pollution in China happened not because Chinese or Chinese government were not aware o 

OKAY~ LET’S TALK ABOUT GOVERNMENT AND ENVIRONMENT ! On April 22, 2016; Earth Day. The Communist Party of China signed the Paris Agreement, the world’s first comprehensive climate agreement. China’s 21st century unequal treaty……   Before I get in to that, let’s first take a look how bad pollution is in China: World’s top 30 most polluted cites.  No cities in China are in the top 30 most polluted cities. Hard to believe? One more:  List of most polluted cities in the world by particulate matter concentration Top 40 most polluted cities in the world: No. 36 - China, Lanzhou.  Back to the topic. The 2015 Pari 

I'll bite.  The air pollution, at least in Beijing, makes a lot of Shanxi and Inner Mongolian coal barons very rich.  It also makes steel magnates in Hebei very rich as well.  These industries A) have lots of workers attached to them who would be unemployed and very angry if they were completely shut down, though this is a bit of an extreme solution and B) have lots of clout within the diffuse political machine that is the Communist Party and the government of China. To a lesser extent, on emmision standards on large vehicles are unenforced, which is noticeable in major cities by having a co 

Why is it that out of all the continents in the world, Africa seems unable to convincingly get its foot on the economic ladder?
If Reaganomics is viewed by conservatives as the best way to encourage economic growth, then what plan do liberals have for economic growth that would work?
First-off, let’s not use the word “liberal” because it’s confusing. Its meaning in Europe is quite different from its meaning in the US. In fact, Reagan and Thatcher are said to have brought the neoliberal revolution to the US and Europe. So, let’s use the denominations that economists use: Right-wing, economically liberal, Hayekian economics are known as fresh water economics (a pun on the fact that its biggest proponents are in the School of Chicago, by the Great Lakes) the left-wing, social democratic, Keynesian economics are known as salt water economics, after the West Coast and East Coast 

The opposite of Reaganomics. Let’s look at both options: Reagan’s “trickle down” and the left’s “trickle up”, starting with the left’s plan. You put more cash in the hands of people who are cash-poor, whether that is food stamps, welfare, or by increasing their disposable income by lowering medical bills or student loans, or by guaranteeing them a living wage.People who would spend more money if they had more money will spend more money because they have more money. This money is spent on things like groceries, clothing, fast food, electronics, etc. This means more profit for business owners.As

Flash: This just in-Trickle Down economics does not work The economy was great during the Reagan years because he dumped a huge amount of money in the weapons industry and ran up a big deficit in the federal budget. He also cut federal aid to states so services like mental hospitals were forced to close which dumped patients on the street, To illustrate this, once back around 1982 my employer - CBS sent me out to a training course in Silicon Valley for a piece of equipment. Here I am in Santa Clara or San Jose driving by the parking lot near my hotel where some empty truck trailers were stored 

You come to the understanding that the technology age has made a significant change in the way money behaves. It does not trickle down, it rises like hot air. Today it must be introduced at the bottom - continually - or society will crash. It starts drying up from the bottom and that dry area keeps growing as the money migrates upward. This is a function of BIG. If you start a small business at the bottom, virtually every dollar you pay out that isn’t payroll is going to the shareholders of a giant corporation - not your neighbor as it did before the Tech-Mech age. The ladies who used to be the 

Socialists love to denigrate capitalism, claiming that it only benefits the wealthy. That is certainly true for crony capitalism, which is created by the influence that wealthy donors and corporations obtain via political contributions to politicians. But free-market capitalism has pulled more people out of poverty than any other mechanism, idea or agenda. Even leftist Bono has admitted this. Bono praises capitalism for rescuing millions from poverty – but says it must be 'tamed' to tackle rise of populism 2019 He is also aware of the dangers of crony capitalism. Liberals also love to criticize  

First of all, Reagan was 40 years ago, in a very different world. And if you put his economy up against Bill Clinton’s, it actually doesn’t look that great anyway. But, what would a reasonable Democratic plan look like? (The world Liberal means too many things to too many people, and both Joe Biden and I are moderates anyway). Keynesian economics — borrow in bad times to stimulate the economy and save in good times by paying down debtSpend aggressively on scientific research, emphasizing things that address Climate Change and its effectsRevenue neutral or moderately revenue positive Carbon Tax, 

We don't have to really guess because just about anything they proposed would have a 50/50 chance of working better than “Reaganomics” aka “Trickle Down Economics” aka “Supply Side" economics. This theory of economics doesn't work. It never did. The key concept of this mythological theory is that when most of the liquid capital in a free market system is concentrated upwards among big corporations and the economic elite, their use of said capital stimulates the economy and capital trickles down to the lower classes. The main criticism is that supply side economics rests it's assumptions on false 

The two sides in the U.S., by whatever name you desire to call them, have opposing views, if not outright “plans,” for economic growth. One is known as supply-side, or “Reaganomics,” as it’s popularly called, and the other is demand-side. Supply-side holds that by having a greater supply of wealth among the public, the economy can…grow. By lowering taxes on the wealthy, you foster their ability to pay their employees better, invest in future ventures, and so on. And they do, a little, while they also beef up their offshore accounts. At the same time, as the Kansas disaster under Brownback prov 

Investment in “human capital.” Japan, a country 1/2 the population of the US, heavily invest in “human capital” and for several decades was the 2nd largest capital. China is doing the same. In 1958, the “National Defense Education Act” poured money into education. I was in 2nd grade then. My education was subsidies by that money and allowed me to graduate from college with no debt. In the 40’s there was “GI Bill” which educated my Uncle in EE. Regan stop such education programs as being unnecessary as the US had “won the Cold War”. The investment in education of the 40’s, 50’s, 60’s, and 70’s, cre 

Reagan cut taxes, cut regulations, and restricted the money supply. It's a pretty classical liberal plan, if you ask me. I assume you mean the progressive plan, in which case, we got a perfect example with FDR and the New Deal. Which is: Destroy crops while people are starving. Be sure to pay the farmers not to farm while you're at it.  I will say again. People were starving. Fix the price of gold… to a number you deem lucky.  Thought I was joking? Nah, fam, we just getting started. High unemployment? Let's just raise the minimum wage, that always adds more jobs.  Widespread poverty? Do I hear price contr 

What does the economic development of a country depend the most on?
Can America stop China's progress?
Tl;dr, America needs to sign trade deals with other nations and become more essential to the world economy than China while also increasing our presence on the national stage (e.g. not leaving the WHO and, instead, increasing funding) Before I begin, we’re going to make some assumptions, #1 China is immensely competent, they know what they’re doing and have not sown their demise already, as some other answers have posited, and #2 that the American people will go along with all of this. That second one is a bit far fetched, but otherwise (assuming the first is true) the US is screwed. Oh, also t 

To stop China’s growth? That’s not a healthy state of mind. The best way to hamper China’s growth is by doing your job better and outpacing China’s development rate, as the US did 200 years ago. To achieve this, you’ve got to take the following steps. 1, Stop burning your money for endless wars. Don’t spend the money on killing, spend on saving. Invest more budget into the medical system. The burden of health care for USA citizens are already raised to an unbelievable level, what a shame to the most developed country on this planet. 2, Stop creating conflicts and turmoils between domestic races, u 

What should America do to stop China’s growth? America should do nothing but structural reforms in the USA. China will still be striding forward to a stronger manufacturing power on its own independently by all means. The US economic sanctions have the following characteristics and problems: One is that economic sanctions target individuals and companies. The United States orders the freezing of their overseas assets or prohibits transactions, and requires all countries that have trade relations with the United States to strictly abide by and monitor them in real time. In today's globalization,  

The issue is not stopping China’s growth, the issue is reclaiming our economy from China’s influence and indirect control. China’s long term goal is to control the world’s economy. It is doing that by essentially subsuming the economies of other nations into it’s own sphere of control. For example, they are taking over ports of the world and other shipping and transit hubs and infrastructure. They are influencing the products produced around the world to conform to their own demands. For example, they are exercising influence in things like movies to conform to their propaganda agendas (ie. em 

It's a question of how China obtains their growth. Xi plans on reinventing the silk road project, but he's doing so by loaning very small poor countries massive amount of money funding projects that are critical to China's silk road project when he knows good and well these companies will never be able to repay these loans to China, and if they default, China owns the project. Whether it be a massive shipping port, a huge railroad complex, or whatever. Research the loans that China is giving these very poor, but critically placed, countries. Then it start to become more clear what China's, or  

Before this question, should we ask a question like this: Why should the US do something to stop China’s growth? Just because China is a socialist country that does not obey the ideology in the US? Or just because China is a country that is not founded and ruled by Anglo-Saxon people? In any way, every country has its right to develop itself and make itself strong enough to afford the people’s need to live in a better place. The people who want the US to stop China’s growth, I guess his aim is based on the old-fashioned western custom, that is, the western people have the right to live better and 

China’s rise is already well underway, to deny it, is to deny reality. China has risen so far, and is only rising more and more. Indeed this is a threat to a lot of countries in the world, you never want one country to become super powerful. Most readily it’s a threat to the Taiwanese, Japanese, Koreans, Vietnamese and Filipino (who all see a bleak future if China was to become unchecked). Here is the thing, China has a giant population, and a pretty large country. Therefore China already has a big advantage. Let’s just say if the Chinese can achieve a GDP per capita of just half of Japan, that wo 

Economically, no, China's economy will continue to rise exponentially cause US companies like Apple, Boeing, Tesla, and others prefers to do business in China due to low manufacturing costs and fast paced production. It is a ubiquitous fact that all of the people in the world, Chinese people included, loves to buy American branded products and we want it at the lowest price possible. If these companies moved thier production elsewhere then, companies might lose money and also the price would rise resulting in less profit which is bad business for companies. So, China's economic rise will be co 

The answers posted here simply are one side is pro and the other anti the proposition of the question and their main arguments are about if it should be done or not. Since this is how this question is being answered, then in my opinion the US should do everything in its power/capability to prevent China from expanding. Why you ask because the answer comes from China itself. China intends to claim areas like Taiwan and the surrounding areas including places like Vietnam simply because they say it is part of ancient China and should be again. China intends to dominate the world and its actio 

What should America do to stop China’s growth? Simpliify the question to make it easier to understand and thus solve. What Should America do to stop “######” growth.  American is actually using their classic game plan. Would recommend another plan after presenting their classic game plan. For those whom have not being noticing the world around them ie  How America disrupted Iraq’s growth? 2003 invasion of Iraq Disrupted Afghanistan development? United States invasion of Afghanistan
Delayed Vietnam growth by decades. Vietnam War The list is fairly extensive List of wars involving the United States And t 

How come millennials have it hard, if the economy has had a real growth of about 2% on average the past decades?
Why does the Communist Party of China encourage economic success while knowing full well it's destroying China's environment?
Why has Vietnam still been poorer in terms of the GDP capital than most of the African countries?
What will happen if China's economic growth slows to 3%?
Did Ronald Reagan's tax cuts permanently affect the U.S. economy?
Why does the Communist Party of China encourage economic success while knowing full well it's destroying China's environment?
Like Feifei Wang said, if you come from a western country, then you have no moral high ground to ask this question. Not only have western countries been polluting the entire earth since the last couple of centuries, much of China's pollution today actually comes from foreign companies moving their most polluted factories into China to conform to western environmental regulations. Much of what China manufactures gets consumed by the west, too. Essentially, Chinese workers get paid low wages AND suffered the majority of the world's pollutions for westerners to enjoy their "green" lifestyle at a  

Let’s begin with another story that illustrates completely different thing: When an Indonesian businessman tried to open a new paper mill business in China, they rejected it. Because the government is actually closing down half of their paper mills. China paper mill closures to over 4 million tonnes Why? Because we are tree-hugging commies baby! That’s why! https://gbtimes.com/china-now-has-the-largest-amount-of-planted-forest-in-the-world What the heck? Aren’t you guys the one who invented paper? Why are you abandoning paper? The Cashless Society Has Arrived— Only It’s in China Yeah, we invented it,  

I do not think China has a choice. With 1.3 billion people, economic progress is not a choice but a necessity for the Chinese government. As a person who has been traveling across the length and breadth of China, I can confidently say that what westerners see as China is mostly Beijing, Shanghai, perhaps even Shenzhen and the 3 gorges dam. Most westerners have not even heard of the large Chinese cities like Chengdu (成都市) and Xiamen (厦门) - forget about smaller towns and the country side. The latter reveal a different picture of China that most westerners have not seen. Also, the question should r 

It had no choice. This is how the globalized capitalism works, and if you do not shut yourself from the world trade, if you choose to open up, if you wish to get some benefits from the capitalist dominated world economic system, you have to trade your environment with foreign money, knowledge and technology. What did China have 40 years ago in exchange for western money and technology? Nothing except for cheap labor force, vast land and natural resources. China did not excel in technology, so it was impossible for her to sell high value products and get enough money to feed her population. All  

Your answer hit home with me. I live in Shanghai and I'm from the United Kingdom. I went home during spring festival and I was telling my grandfather about the state of the air in November (we must have had 50m visibility at best). His answer, without it seeming like he even had to think, was "well, its just like here back when I was a kid". He then went on to tell me about the state of the air in Reading, my hometown, and all of the factories we had. Some of it was a complete shock to me - Burberry had a factory less than 100 meters from the house I grew up in. It was probably way worse than B 

I agree with a number of these posts that economic development In poor countries is one of the highest priorities, but disagree on two points. First, as a country gets wealthier,  it has a higher obligation to clean up the environment. Many studies have been done that show when per capita income hits about $5000 governments start to take pollution cleanup more seriously. China has already exceeded this mark and has an increasing national and global obligation to clean its environment, perhaps not to the standards of Norway but beyond the standards of Bangladesh.  To say China has no obligation  

Here are some interesting pictures:   That was London during the Industrial Revolution. Maybe people didn't understand the seriousness of pollution back then? Well, how about something more recent and closer to home?   (That's LA, not Beijing.) Air pollution is a global issue, not just a Chinese issue. Every country destroys its environment during development. Didn't America, Great Britain, and all developed countries encourage their own economic growth (and some still are) without a thought about the environment? Remember who hunted bison to near-extinction? Not the Chinese. In fact, China currently  

I found it interesting that many Chinese tried their best to justify the environmental disaster in China, even though they themselves are the victims. They defend the CPC against any criticism with every excuse, as if they were the agents of the CPC and any criticism toward the CPC is offensive to them.  The most common excuse for the environmental problems in China is it's just the cost of developing economy that developed countries have paid in the past. It is not correct because in many cases environmental pollution in China happened not because Chinese or Chinese government were not aware o 

OKAY~ LET’S TALK ABOUT GOVERNMENT AND ENVIRONMENT ! On April 22, 2016; Earth Day. The Communist Party of China signed the Paris Agreement, the world’s first comprehensive climate agreement. China’s 21st century unequal treaty……   Before I get in to that, let’s first take a look how bad pollution is in China: World’s top 30 most polluted cites.  No cities in China are in the top 30 most polluted cities. Hard to believe? One more:  List of most polluted cities in the world by particulate matter concentration Top 40 most polluted cities in the world: No. 36 - China, Lanzhou.  Back to the topic. The 2015 Pari 

I'll bite.  The air pollution, at least in Beijing, makes a lot of Shanxi and Inner Mongolian coal barons very rich.  It also makes steel magnates in Hebei very rich as well.  These industries A) have lots of workers attached to them who would be unemployed and very angry if they were completely shut down, though this is a bit of an extreme solution and B) have lots of clout within the diffuse political machine that is the Communist Party and the government of China. To a lesser extent, on emmision standards on large vehicles are unenforced, which is noticeable in major cities by having a co 

What would the world be like if our government was made up of middle-class economics professors and scientists as opposed to wealthy politicians?
The closest example I know is Switzerland. Name any President of Switzerland. No one can, because it’s a middle class job, generally held by small businesspeople or professionals with ordinary resumes. Here’s the last one, waiting for the commuter tram to go to work. No bodyguards, no press, no entourage, no limousine. He is better dressed than the other commuters.  91% of the Swiss Federal Assembly members take public transportation to work. Either as cause or result, Switzerland has the best public transportation in the world. Switzerland has a great record of avoiding wars, and is very well ru 

Actually most folks want ‘a leader’. Seriously… they want a king, or a dictator or a Fuhrer. A benevolent dictator of some sort is all the rage these days, or at least some kind of right wing guy that can point to both an inside and an outside enemy that’s coming for your daughters. Joe and Jane Working Class, God bless ’em are not particularly well educated, terribly and purposely misinformed and blessed with a hundred IQ points… more or less and mostly less. What has kept our country running is the occasional leader who understands that even our dopey ‘working class’ has needs and that class  

I don’t think there is a particular advantage to having economics “professors” and scientists in charge of our government. I am convinced that economics is largely just common sense, and those may professor types promoting variations on economic thinking ultimately have to disregard common sense to get their theories to look appealing. I see no value in that. Scientists tend to focus on a specific field. this is useful in understanding the world around us and developing our knowledge, but I don’t think it would have a demonstrable positive effect on the way we govern ourselves, if they were put 

More middle-class professors and scientists would become wealthy politicians. Being a politician in modern times is a career all in its own. Just because someone spent 8–10 years studying something other than law won’t make a huge outcome in what kind of politician they become. This is a big reason why politicians, even if they initially had noble goals, don’t really make life better for the average Joe - they don’t know anything about their lives. Academics are only marginally more in touch with the average American than politicians, especially if they’ve never worked in the private sector. Onl 

Strictly speaking, the German chancellor Angela Merkel is both those things. She has a PhD in Physics (with magna cum laude) and grew up in the DDR, where we all know, nobody was wealthy. While Putin has a luxury watch collection and Hillary Clinton wears a Rolex, Merkel wears a sturdy 89€ watch. Many German politicians are in fact not very wealthy but tend to be academics. PhDs are incredibly valued in Germany. Of course I'm not saying that all politicians are middle class or scientist, but you get the idea. 2.7K views · View upvotes1289Sponsored by Whole Tomato SoftwareWant to get more out of Visual Studio?Check out Visual Assist by Whole Tomato!Free TrialHenri Lesage, lives in Saskatoon, SK (2014-present)Answered 1 year ago · Author has 1.2K answers and 574.6K answer views

Fascism. None of these guys except for a few know how to organize efficiency (my father is a scientist they aren’t as is efficient as you think) so the few that do are very important and become leaders of the scientists and the same for the economics the like minded individuals of these elite organizers fight until a dominant ideology is formed whilst the ones who disagree are killed, silent, or everything they have done is discredited now as the economics fight each other. between both groups will be made a until we get a dominant one Economic policy and a Scientific based sociology policies. 

Profs exist in a vertical hierarchy where they are well-fed, don't interact with a broad swath of America. and can get through a life without effecting any real change or good. Such CV's would qualify them better to run a prison than the US. We simply fail to study and understand nations that actually work: the five Scandinavian countries, because Anybody—even Trump The Big Fat Idiot— can try to be policeman for the world, and fail badly at the job. All modern presidents have failed. You can have a life, a family, a job, a career and not put your heart and soul into The Mess. Live in the open, 

Competent springs to mind. However politics doesn’t appeal to economists and and scientists because being a politician is more about deal making, backhanders and all round shady business that does not appeal to most. Further, the average salary for an MP in the UK is just under £82,000, not insignificant but still not nearly what a well respected economist or scientist can earn privately. Someone previously talked about Switzerland and how fantastic their government is. Very true, but Swiss politicians are paid between £110,000-£115,000. Much more desirable. If we want experts running the country, 

Note: I do not understand why economic profs in the question. There is nothing special about economists when it comes to administration. &gt; our government was made up of Totally depends on how you will achieve it. If you achieve it through some law where you force any candidate to be middle-class economics professor in order to fight election you will still get the same ass-hole politicians who will now pose as middle-class and economics profs. On the other hand If you make politics so boring that only middle class folks trying to get some job manage to become politicians it would be an excellent o 

in the UK that is the general case with most polititions coming from a total mix of former union leads to lawers. Also the Uk pay rate for MPs is actually like the military low in comparision to what people can earn outside. but the perks of the officer and pensions are good. UK scandles over money when they happen can be as low as £10 through to a couple of thousadnd at best. compare that to the US 94 views1Zsolt PamukiAnswered 3 years ago · Author has 648 answers and 349.7K answer views

What did China do right during the trade war with America?
Do you agree that Donald Trump had a good economic plan but a bad attitude/morality?
Cutting taxes to corporations like he did is a recipe for the bankruptcy of the Federal Treasury. He kept confusing the “stock market” for “the economy”, and 80% of Americans have no holdings in or dependence on the market. It’s all about shoring up good paying MANUFACTURING jobs, which we have let corporations outsource to China and India, and allowing them tax deductions to do it. The SMART ploy is a targeted tariffs on materials and goods the US can and should make for itself. Trump propped up the failing oil and gas sectors that have been the WORST performing industry for the past 2 years  

I have to answer this one, because so many have been fooled so easily for so long. Donald Trump told everyone that would listen that he created the greatest economy ever, because the Stock Market grew while he was president. Trump had little to do with the market increase, although his erratic behavior did create a number of the largest drops in history. But I am not going to go there now; I’ve already addressed that in separate articles you can read here and here. As anyone with the slightest idea of how the economy works will tell you, the Stock Market is NOT the economy: it is a place where we 

I agree with the latter part of your statement. As for an economic plan, there has been none for the last four years. A tax cut for the rich is not an economic plan; in fact it produced at best a temporary bump in the gdp, while increasing the national debt by 1.5 trillion annually. Trump has no understanding of economics. For instance, he thinks that a tariff on Chinese goods is paid for by China. He believes that a negative trade balance is stealing from the US. His tariffs have in fact increased the trade impalance and cost jobs. On coal, his policy has been a disaster for the environment wi 

Nope, he had nothing and gave nothing to Americans. His lies and bullying have still got all the stupid ones fooled. He said the election was stolen and the fools believe it. He said it was going to be stolen a year before the election and he did nothing if it was about to be stolen. Tramp was full of cow manure and still is but the fools believe everything that falls off the lower lip of his face. If you were ki power and was able to put people on the highest court in the country you’d think he could fix a little election Fraud. He couldn’t find it, it wasn’t there and so he couldn’t fix it. I g 

No. He had no economic plan. 3.6K views · View upvotes82724Sponsored by Capital Com SV Investments LimitedLooking for a trading platform recognised by investors?AI-powered analysis of trading performance. No transaction fees and secure deposits. Join Capital.com!Sign UpDaniel PoissantAnswered February 11, 2021 · Author has 9.5K answers and 3.5M answer views

No I don’t. There is this trend of Trump supporters who seem desperate to be told that the problems people had with him was one of form and not substance. He made the deficit explode with big tax cut for the wealthy and corporations, entered in trade wars that contrary to what he claimed were neither good nor easy to win and thus alienated trade partners. His supporter don’t support him for his good policies and despite his bad attitude. What they love is the bad attitude they think is the mark of a strong man instead of the overcompensating of the weak man he is. 53 views · View upvotes5Marcus Kwan, lives in Dallas, TXAnswered February 11, 2021 · Author has 2.3K answers and 2.6M answer views

‘Exploit everything now, don’t leave any dry powder’ isn’t really an economic plan so much as a recipe for eventual disaster. He wanted to run up the numbers for four years, then not worry about the eventual adjustment after he was re-elected. 59 views · View upvotes3Bruce DoranAnswered February 11, 2021 · Author has 8.4K answers and 1M answer views

Sure. The only problem was that Trump’s good economic plan was to steal as much of America for himself and his friends as he could before the country wised up and fired him. 82 views · View upvotes126Saul Harmon Gritz, Chief Psychologist at The Bald Eagle Political Party (1998-present)Answered February 16, 2021 · Author has 2.9K answers and 248.8K answer views

He has a set of values that have a degree of merit, the problem is that he is not qualified by personality to promote or carry it out; he is a pathological liar, and completely immoral, in my judgment. 17 views · View upvotes3Connie Wilson, M.S.  English, Education, JournalismAnswered February 11, 2021 · Author has 6.3K answers and 3.7M answer views

No. He had a bad attitude, bad morality and bad plans for everything, including all of us. 57 views · View upvotes5Bill Leaver, former Everything From Bank Johnny to Small Business OwneAnswered February 17, 2021 · Author has 647 answers and 90K answer views

How does communism discourage innovation?
I read the most upvoted answer to this question with a lot of amusement and found it ironic that the list of examples that the author cited were drawn from one specific decade. A common feature across most self-proclaimed socialists and communists is their inability to look a level deeper than the top surface, that is look for second and third order effects of their proposed policies. They are always interested in feel good solutions to all of mankind’s problems, but never think through the consequences of those solutions. One only needs to go just a little deeper to see how their solutions (e. 

It does not in theory, but in practice, there were multiple ways in which communistic systems discouraged innovations. Too much focus on production rates and plans. This at times leads to obsolete, or obsolescent products being manufactured because it's easier to rack up production number producing the same old proven designs rather than risk delays and potential fuckups inherent to introducing new models Having only a single company or factory producing certain products. You can only afford to produce an obsolete or otherwise inferior product if there is no one to take advantage of that and dri 

Communism does not discourage innovation. Communism, or more precisely the planned economy which is necessary to implement real communism (not what they have in China) cannot apply innovation on a mass scale and therefore cannot reap the benefits of it. Any innovation (technical, organizational, etc) is something never seen before. As such, there is no guarantee that just because it is new and seems to work, it will also actually work when deployed at scale. This fundamental property of any type of innovation of being risky (= having unknown outcomes when tested against actual needs and against  

Communsim (or common management practices of the socialist countries) has a different priorities. Innovation is not invitation, it is mostly about introduction this into practice. And the question is not about invitations (millions of them were made in Socialist or Capitalist countries), but what is used in practice, how often, easy it is introduced. Sorry, but in the race of fast innovations, immediate introduction into practices, flexible production of goods Soviet State and other Socialist states are non-competative. But on the field of science, research, military, space and possibly some as 

It doesn't. Our biased respondees here (one a CEO, no less- who since has removed his answer) would have you forget the Soviet space program, which beat the USA program over every major hurdle (though the USA put a man on the moon, “winning” the space race despite losing in every other metric).  Or how about the “innovation” of giving everyone, including women, access to free top-notch education, which produces more doctors, scientists, and other such citizens who could have the wherewithal to make innovation possible. In Cuba for example, scientists have created a lung cancer vaccine (CimaVax)  

The strict answer: “Nobody knows, and that’s begging the question.” We don’t know if a stateless, moneyless global society based on the common ownership and democratic control of the means of production discourages innovation, because such a society has never existed and it’s arguable to say the least as to whether it ever will. If we don’t know if it does, neither can we know how, though many may speculate. What the questioner no doubt really meant to ask was: “How might a dictatorial, totalitarian regime operating a state owned, centrally planned economy within a single country which claims to 

Short answer: because Marx, Marxists and Communists don’t understand innovation, as in, at all. And especially not any of its consequences. Second, because communism assumes that, after achieving communism, that everyone will be equal in everything and live in the same and equal socio-economic context. The reason of this complete non-understanding of innovation is very simple: they equate technology with innovation. One only has to look at some of the answers on this question for proof of this. This is highly short-sighted within innovation practices since technology is only 1/3 of an innovation. 

Communism doesn’t actually discourage innovation… what it discourages is the incentive to diversify and expand an economy. One can say it indirectly discourages the propulsion of innovation. Innovation needs a creative brain and not just capital but capital can give an economic incentive and accelerate the innovation. That drive to improve human life or curiosity to stretch our horizons of perception in turn drives innovation. Capitalism increases avenues in research because there is an economic freedom to unleash ideas while under communism it is all regulated by one governing body which can ea 

In a Communist (command) economy, Entrepreneurs aren't personally rewarded for their ideas, implementation, or success.Very true and pretty much the foundation of the question. Let us take the ubiquitous microwave oven as example on why communism inherently discourages innovations. The microwave oven basically uses electromagnetic (EM) radiation to excite molecules which then produces heat. Scientific purists may grit their teeth at such a simplistic explanation but for the non-scientific readers, that simple explanation will suffice. The microwave oven is designed with insulators to contain the  

I think a better way to look at this is How does Communism encourage innovation? The answer is that it doesn't. In a Communist (command) economy, Entrepreneurs aren't personally rewarded for their ideas, implementation, or success.Being productive can be a bad thing. Imagine two people, Person A and B. Person A works hard. B slacks off, skips days, and chats at the water fountain. To no one's surprise, A is much more productive than B. As a result, A is given more work, since A can finish the work faster. Since they both receive the same compensation regardless of their work, A ends up getting 

What’s wrong with the Scandinavian model of economics?
The climate. Scandinavia is located between the 55th and 71st degrees North. It means we have winter five to seven months each year, short growth season for crops, Atlantic comes down from sky each spring and autumn, and oh, did I mention the rasputitsa? In short: failing in economy means death. I mean, literally, because poor people tended to freeze to death every Autumn. Tulis talvi ja tappais köyhät (Wish the winter would come and kill the poor!) is an age-old malediction in Finland. The direct consequence is everyone attempts to avoid failure and ensuing bankruptcy at any cost and not take a 

Ever lived in a Scandinavian country for an extended period of time?Ever lived in a country around the equator, this being:- by the ocean, hot and humid- high altitude, cold year round- inland, all jungle- desertetc. etc. Each region has a different economical system. Lets move from climate to food. What is wrong with a meat diet in the arctic circle?What is wrong with a vegetarian diet in “plant paradise” areas?What is wrong with a milk/meat diet in Mongolia?etc. etc. Now something to stir up emotions:What was wrong to use human labor when there was no mechanization?Ever picket cotton, 

It is a pay as you go system, where one`s individual rights in the future, is totally dependent on the future willingness and ability to fund these rights and claims, i.e you government pensions, healthcare and benefits. The rights and claims we have on the welfare state can be changed over night- our security is not governed and protected by treaty and legal agreements, but by political whim.The vast cradle to grave welfare state taking care of an increasing part of our big and small problems and an increasing number of non- problems and political nice to haves, undermine the individuals inte

It is not wrong, but we should not blindly believe that it is the best. We know that they are most stable economies, and have the happiest people, but they are not even close to socialists, as Bernie Sanders say. I wrote an article few days ago regarding the Scandinavian economy and it's dark side. Read this: Debunking the Scandinavian myth Some highlights of the post - Socialist? Not at all.Capitalist? Well, they started off as capitalists and now also, they aren't social. It's a myth.Debt and taxes? High!The most “What the heck” thing is their Jante Law which forces them to treat everyone as equ

A Danish entrepreneur recently described what he called “the BMW-syndrome.” (1) What he meant that for most Danish start-ups, the point at which the owner could buy a BMW was the point at which they stopped growing. The owner had reached the limit of luxury for Denmark, and any additional money earned would mostly go to the government in the form of taxes. Why do more? This isn’t just an entrepreneurial problem. A recent survey showed that Danish employees are among the least ambitious in Europe. Why move up the corporate ladder when it will just mean more time away from your family and when the 

Nothing at all. The system has been designed for people to enjoy their high standards of living on equality and time with your family! Outstanding education that is free and health care that compers to private health care in likes of UK! People aren't living on streets or verge of poverty like in US or having to be in debt when wanting to study or need medical attention! They don't need 3 jobs like vast majority of Americans but yet still earn more from one job! Obviously this ain't good environment for some greedy international companies or extreme individualist! Which like in every coutry is un 

There aren’t any bad side effects of the “Scandinavian Model”. There are a lot of unsupported assumptions concerning “growth” of the business sector being the definition of “good” that are being used to attack the model. Some of us believe that limiting the growth of big business is key to the survival of our human species. To us the power of big business (large corporations or super wealthy individuals and tribes) is a form of feudalism in which one group overpowers another for the advantage of the overpowering group and to the detriment of the overpowered. To believe that greed and a lust fo 

It is very interesting the fact that aging of European population is not accounted either for economics as well as for social features. The BMW-syndrome can be explained also by the little ambition of old people, and such old may be 40, when the hormones of the jungle start to decrease in blood, or the madness of youth that has driven ambition is ceased. Old people perspective is obviously shortened and efforts shrink to fulfill such vision of future. Further, whenever you get a small number of young people, the average ambition and the madness of youth within a population are also decreased a 

Perhaps the Scandinavian economic model is a result of the overall manner in which these particular societies function. There is a consistent higher ranking of contentment and quality of life in these countries than in other European and North American societies. The greater good ranks as more important than the individual because the result is better for most citizens most of the time. This will not make those obsessed with personal freedom and economic growth happy, but they are also not as happy or content either. So, overall, there isn’t anything particularly wrong with Scandinavian econom 

I don’t think there may be anything wrong with the Nordic model, unless you enjoy screwing over the elderly, young or infirm (one would have to go to the U.S. for that). Scandinavian countries are among the happiest in the world, according to Forbes. As someone from the U.S., their economic model looks very attractive and much healthier for all stages of the life cycle. FinlandDenmarkSwitzerlandIcelandNorwayNetherlandsSwedenRanked: The 20 Happiest Countries In The World85 viewsSheila PettingAnswered 7 months ago

Is modern conservatism harsh on poor and disadvantaged people?
I know conservative people who are giving, compassionate and empathetic. But the conservative economic policies that have dominated the last few decades are not. One of the lynchpins of these policies is that they will help people who help themselves. The tools for success will be available to everyone, all you have to do is use them. And if you fail it’s on you. Not only is failure your fault, but any assistance given to you is simply rewarding failure. I get this. I know people who work their asses off just to barely get by and the idea that someone, anyone, taking it on the dole is infuriat 

Modern conservatives believe in social mobility - that there are tiers of wealth, authority, success and that just being at one tier one day doesn't mean that you will be there tomorrow. Things get better, things get worse. The categories remain but their populations change generationally. Just as you have people who live according to multi-generational poverty, you have others who live with multigenerational wealth. Both have blessings and curses, but a person doesn't have to stay where they are. Modern progressives believe the tiered system our society is built on is fixed - the game is rigged. 

I love this question because it gets straight to the heart of what compassion really means in politics.   I feel that this is one of the cases where comparison between the two extremes better communicates the values of Conservatives, so allow me to try to first communicate my views of modern progressivism’s methods for dealing with the poor before explaining why I think that the Conservative approach is actually the more compassionate of the two. To begin, let’s talk about equality. Everyone believes equality is a fundamental right, however when Conservatives and Progressives say the word, they ac 

Most people don’t understand how radically different Raygun conservatism was compared to the conservatism of the 1950’s and 60’s. Barry Goldwater, a staunch conservative himself, called Raygun and his minions wing nuts, and what bothered him was the stinking fundamentalist Christian base Raygun catered to. This base has acted as a well of poison in public discourse ever since The Prosperity Gospel sect illustrates how idolatrous they have become in regards to money. Many of the ‘liberal’ policies they disparage are actually Catholic. These include welfare, multiculturalism, and internationalis 

As Charlie Fortin points out, the dialectic is between Liberalism and Progressivism. Conservatism is a distraction: there is nothing conservative about rightwing radicalism. The advancement of the human race is a collective achievement but some people want to pretend it is the work of just a few. Those few are then deemed deserving of a greater share of the “wealth” of the society. Those few are then accorded the right to choose if others are allowed to contribute and to dictate how they contribute to the achievements of the society, and that contribution is steered towards the further enrichment 

You ask a either or question, ignoring the reality. Liberalism and Progressivism First of all, Conservatives are protective of our very liberal heritage. John Locke, U.S. Constitution , The Bill of Rights (US) and Declaration of Independence of the United States Progressives believe that nothing is being done with re-distribution, despite these programs in America. WelfareUnemployment paymentsHousing assistanceFood stampsFuel assistanceFree cell phonesSubsidized municipal transportation systemsSocial securityMedicareACASenior discountsDiscounts for childrenDiscounts for YMCAYMCA, United Fund, Red 

I would have responded to Jon Davis, but he blocked me. I don’t remember why, but I think it had something to do with an exchange on Russia from a couple months ago. Jon, I’m over the Russia thing, I don’t even remember what it was, so you can unblock me. Now to the question, there comes a point where I prefer not even to introduce subjective &amp; emotional terms like “harsh.” The term I prefer to use is whether or not a policy is prudent. It does a community no good to let its poverty fester. For example, if my neighbor goes bankrupt due to a health crisis, he is going to either short sell his hou 

Today's American conservatism is a direct descendant of Baptist Minister Russell Conwell's "prosperity theology", which is itself an iteration of the Puritanism that landed here four centuries ago. Modern American conservatism is based on a harsh ideological belief that the poor and disadvantaged are in their position because…God. Puritans believed in predestination, believed that God had already chosen who would go to heaven or hell and that you should do good deeds to ensure you remained in the "going to heaven" group, redeeming yourself through pious acts toward other Puritains. Puritans als 

Generalizing: Modern conservatism would insist that able-bodied unemployed people look for work to get unemployment payments or welfare payments in some cases and would expect this to be a temporary lifeline until the person finds work. To help the working poor who are at or under the poverty line, we have the Earned Income Credit and I haven’t heard any conservatives saying we need to get rid of this. Conservatives want to replace failed public schools (protected by unions) by allowing parents to choose private schools paid for with vouchers. Conservatives would like to consolidate and whittl 

No, many libertarians are just indifferent to them. And the same goes for libertarian/classical liberalism/conservatism as principles. As you say correctly, individuals can be as kind and compassionate as they want. The phrasing of the question is a very classic progressive rhetorical tactic: branding neutral people as “harsh” or trying to guilt trip. Most progressives (I loathe to call them liberals) have a very hard time understanding the concept of indifference. In their simplistic binary worldview, unless you love someone, you must be hating him. If you do not give away your money to the poo 

Why should wealthy people pay more taxes?
TL; DR Math/reality I am going to answer this question without references to morality, fairness, or even opinion. I also realize that questions are tricky. Without enough details, it is easy to answer a somewhat different question. With too much detail, you leave out the possibility for interesting or useful answers. So, let’s start with the easy question and then move to the next. First we need to address the focus a bit. Wealth vs income. Wealth is not taxed. If you earned a billion dollars a couple years ago and paid your taxes on it already, what remains is not taxed one iota. Any interest t 

“Why should wealthy people pay more taxes?” Maybe because wealthy people keep saying you get what you pay for, and they get more of it? We have, roughly speaking, four types of wealthy people: Inherited wealth. Their family gave them lots of assets.Investment/C-level wealth. They have invested in companies and led companiesHigh-skills/high-talent wealth. These people have talent that draws a big audience or skills that provide essential backbone for a business.Long-term accumulated wealth. Generally these are middle class people from the 1950s-1970s who saved and reasonably invested their spare s

I am not 100% sure they should. For the following reasons: Most are self-made these daysThe days of inherited wealth dominating the rich list are goneIn 1989, most of the Times Rich List in the UK was inherited wealth, and the Queen was number 1. These days, things have changedAnd actually, most inherited money eventually gets lost - Where are the 120,000+ billionaires? 2. Wealth and income aren’t the same thing Not until you get inside the top 0.1% or 0.00001%.If somebody wants to argue that billionaire should pay more tax, that is one thing. But the `merely millionaires` often got wealthy from 

I’ve seen a lot of interesting and some good answers as to why the wealthy should pay more taxes. Here’s another take. Think of income taxes as user fees on the infrastructure that creates wealth. Who uses more of that infrastructure, a wealthy person or a poor person? Here are a few more questions to help you understand how to answer the last one: For anyone to build true wealth they have to have an educated workforce. Without quality workers, you can’t build wealth, because nobody can do that totally on their own. So, how many schools did the wealthy person build? How many teachers did they pe 

Wealthy people absolutely should pay more taxes, and not just for moralistic reasons but for objective reasons too. I am going to lay out the sheer scale of wealth inequality in the US and why the wealthy should pay more taxes (part one), why the wealthy have no right not to pay more taxes (part two), and even why income tax could be completely scrapped altogether (part three). Part One- Moral reason why the wealthy should pay more taxes If all money was equal, then the wealthy would have no obligation to pay more tax than poor people- it would just be a matter of ‘well they can afford it so they 

As the old adage goes, “Nothing is certain except death and taxes.” Taxes are a price for living in a civilised society. A society functions on the basic premise of cooperation and coordination among all it's members with the objective of general well being and common growth. The rich should pay higher taxes (part of progressive taxation) because of the following- It's the simplest and morally right way of paying for common good.Taxing everybody equally would result in poor becoming poorer and rich becoming richer. There is only up to a certain extent that it can go on. After that, it is going to

One of the reasons is because wealthy people’s marginal utility to money is generally lesser than the poor people. In other words, rationally a Dollar bill is more valuable for poor than to a wealthy person. When you have something in abundance, generally it's valued start decreasing, be it money or any goods for that sake. It's a basic idea of Diminishing Marginal utility proposed by Adam Smith.One more thing we can say is, if a man is wealthy he's because he has more resources in comparison to the poor. In a way or other it means that a man get's resources by acquiring them, resources can be

On any scale, I am wealthy. I was born into a supportive family. I was given a good education in an excellent public system. I grew up without fear of war, violence, guns, food insecurity, or domestic turmoil. I was raised to be self sufficient, being modeled basic life skills as well as being taught how to hunt, fish, and garden. I was born into a country that values me as a person instead of just seeing ‘female’ and dismissing me. I am a physician, married to another physician. Although this creates a scheduling nightmare most times, (especially for childcare), it is also financially and socially  

Taxation, by and large, discourages the act, behavior, or object that is subject to its toll. For example, when the “rich” in England were taxed on the number of windows in their house — after all, if you’re “rich” you have more windows, right? — they chose to brick up windows rather than pay the window tax.  This is an example of what the English economist Alfred Marshall called the “deadweight loss of taxation”. Deadweight loss measures the harm caused to society in reduced economic efficiency and production resulting from a tax. Even though economists may disagree on the degree to which deadw 

Well, I would like to add an argument that probably has not been made in this way on this very complicated issue. Of course when you ask if wealthy people should pay ‘more’, ‘more’ can be understood in absolute and in relative terms, and taxation can be on income or on net worth. But to keep the answer simple and to be blunt, in any case my arguement says: Yes, wealthy people should pay more taxes! And here is (one of the reasons) why: We like to think of ourselfs as independet people. Especially when it comes to our achievements, what we ‘earn’, we like to think we did it all on our own. But in 

Joe Biden's new economic plan includes increasing the federal minimum wage to $15 per hour. What are your thoughts on that?
Let us say that minimum wage is raised…..and corporations respond….. Raising minimum wage is an irrelevant thing….if you have no cap on maximum wage and continue to rely on interest and inflation to fix the system as the rich exploit it too much. You can exploit our system…but too much destablizes it…and the rich have been very naughty. A complex society needs checks and balances. Raising the minimum wage to above relative poverty…..would make a lot of rich people less excessively rich….and make poor people have enough to afford basic needs….priced by the rich people….for a small amount of time… 

I understand the temptation but it really is a bad plan, for following reasons: As many have said, there are many employers, usually of the small-medium size range, who won’t be able to keep up with the wage spike. There are costs for each employee…even though they say $15 per hour, the real costs for employer is close to $30 per hour, for the other taxes/costs they need to pay. Employers have to budget and plan things many months/year(s) ahead, and a wage spike will throw out a lot of things, especially since the income stream isn’t always guaranteed. So, it’s highly likely (almost certain) th

If I were totally committed to increasing the disparity in income and wealth between whites and blacks, I’d be all in for increasing the minimum wage to $15. The supporters of this initiative point out, with no irony, that a majority of minimum wage workers are minorities, predominantly black. (I don’t know if this statistic is correct. I just know it is being used by proponents of the $15 law.) Supporters also acknowledge—albeit with significant prodding from the CBO report on this matter—that a significant percentage of current minimum wage workers will end up unemployed. In other words, a re 

Every part along the way is stupid. There is nothing positive to be gained by a federal 15$ minimum wage. That would be almost triple the current minimum wage in some states, how is people’s work suddenly 3x more valuable overnight? Minimum wages should exist to some capacity, that is a positive. And it should relate to the cost of living wherever it is. People in dense cities need to make more to afford living there, people in smaller places can live quite happily with less. This seems like a good tradeoff, considering busy cities have more people, thus you need more work done and you have mor 

The “issue” of raising the minimum wage or not should not be an “issue”. It’s a no-brainer: the minimum wage should go up as the standard of living goes up. Currently, the federal minimum wage rests at $7.25 an hour. This is the minimum wage in question— many states have their minimum wages set above this federal requirement. In January 2021, the average cost of living was reported to be $67,690 per year across the entire US. While you definitely cannot standardise the cost of living for the whole country, this is the average. 67,690/12=5,640.83" role="presentation" style="position: relative;">67,690/12=5,640.8367,690/12=5,640.8367,690 / 12 = 5,640.83 $5,640.83 a month. 5,640.3/4=1,410.21" role="presentation" style="position: relative;">5,640.3/4=1,410.215,640.3/4=1,410.215,640.3 / 4 = 1,410.21 $1,410.2 

It could put me out of a job. I’ve mentioned in other answers that I work at a small town pizza place. There, I get paid well above the local minimum wage of 8.02, but well below a proposed $15 minimum wage. If the minimum wage were unilaterally raised to $15/hour, one of two things would happen. The wage of every high school employee at this restraunt would go up to $15/hourSome of the high school employees would be fired, and the ramaining two or three would get paid $15/hour, but would also have many more responsibilities.(In actuality, there is a third possibility-getting paid ‘under the tabl 

I think it might be a little high, I would personally start it at maybe $10 or $11, but I also think that most businesses that are paying minimum wage are owned by greedy POS corporations that don’t give a shit about the people that work for them and POS small business owners that only care about themselves. Companies and corporations take advantage of people that don’t have that many options in life and pay them poverty wages. The federal wage of $7.25 an hour is a joke. Most people wouldn’t even get out of bed in the morning for that. Many people think it is more dignified to accept welfare, 

I hope that Joe Manchin and Kyrsten Sinema stand their ground. Kyrsten Sinema Joins Joe Manchin in Rebuking $15 Minimum Wage Being Put in Stimulus, Dashing Progressives' Hopes A mandatory national $15/hr minimum wage is insanity and would destroy the economy in parts of the country where the cost of living, and therefore salaries, are lower than they are in the major metro areas that are Democratic strongholds. Those 1.4 million lost jobs that Congress’ own study said would happen? Most of them would be in red states. Progressives don’t care about Republican voters—except to the extent that it w 

There are already speculations that President Joes plan to increase the federal minimum wage to $15 per hour will lead to some millions job loss. This is also logical for the fact that if corporation cannot pay the imposed minimum wage, they will have to cancel some positions and let some other people work for the minimum wage but by forcing the employees to take more responsibilities. The major advantage of a minimum wage is that greater equity will be achieved, and the distribution of income between the high paid and the low pay may be narrowed. Poverty may be reduced as the low paid gain more 

It is true that Joe Biden intends to raise the minimum wage to $15 per hour. However, this is not an isolated issue. He also plans to do quite a few other things. Biden has already increased regulations on business. Biden intends to increase taxes on business. He intends to raise the top income tax rates. He intends to increase payroll taxes. He has already caused a small increase in gasoline prices, and wants more. He intends to increase electricity prices. All of these come on top of a pandemic induced recession in an economy that is carrying intense debt loads. My reaction to this is that we a 

[Bose vs. Bang &amp; Olufsen] They both sell ridiculously expensive (overpriced?) products. However, in terms of price to sound quality and build quality ratio, which one does it better? Which brand produces better headphones and speakers overall?
Different companies sell products to different markets and, as a result, they consider different things to be important. Bose products generally feature excellent commercial design. They tend to do what they’re intended to do, consistently and reliably, but their main goal is most certainly not to deliver the ultimate in sound quality. In contrast, B&amp;O products have always stressed “the coolness factor”. For example, there is no technical benefit to a CD player that holds a half dozen discs, and can be mounted vertically on a wall…. but it sure looks futuristic, saves floor space in your tiny bu 

Buying audio equipment is an exercise in determining where your personal point of diminishing returns kicks in. When I was sales counselor at Circuit City back in the day, Bose was at the top of our price points, although to my ears Polk Audio and DCM sounded better for substantially less. Interestingly there was a rival audio chain called “Sound Advice” right across the street from us that specialized in “high end” brands such as B&amp;O, and B&amp;W. Basically their price points started just above where our Bose line ended. The real problem is figuring out how to compare different brands at different 

This will not be an opinion. It will be the facts. i’m in industry vet and familiar with both products. At the outset, one needs to understand that the Bose product would be the equivalent of cubic zirconia jewelry while the B&amp;O would be genuine diamonds. But it’s not quite that simple. First, the companies do not compete with each other except in headphones. Bose makes nothing that’s truly expensive. That’s not their market. Their goal, which they have handsomely achieved, was to put nice background music in more homes than any other brand in the history of the planet. They cannot, nor are they 

If you are interested in sound quality, you shouldn’t be looking at either of those brands. Bose Bose are cute looking speakers that a good job of filling a room with really bad sound. Among audiophiles, Bose is the most derided and sneered about brand. You can buy speakers costing $200 or $300 dollars a pair that sound better than Bose speakers costing $1000 a pair. I know of a speaker designer that took apart some Bose speakers costing over $1000 and found only $100 worth of parts. Quite frankly, I wouldn’t want Bose speakers if they were free. The marketing staff must be full of geniuses. Who  

Hmmmm. This is an interesting question. At the Dawn of its Existence, Bose introduced the 901 speaker line. They were cool, futuristic, and worked by pointing speakers at the wall to produce that “Wall of Sound” vibe so beloved by Phil Spector, currently serving a life sentence for killing his girlfriend and his extremely Bad Hair. They cost like, I dunno, $600 bucks in in the early 70s? Late 60s? Serious coin. Everyone thought they sounded great. A few years ago, I bought some Bose 901s Series Six just to enjoy that retro vibe. Then there were the Dynaco A25s. Also built by a Danish company a l 

Let me put perspective of car audio. Both Bose and B&amp;O offer products and I had considerable exposure to them as consumer. Low end B&amp;O There are quite a few cars offering their speakers as an option for as little as £400-£600. They are appaling, sound is flat, no highs, no lows, they are not sharp, have no punch, I really couldn’t believe they have B&amp;O logo on them. Low class Bose They are slightly, just ever so slightly better than low end B&amp;O. Overall poor quality sound, flat, uninspiring, FM radio quality as I call it. Not worth the money. Middle class Bose Bose sounds really nice but sound quali 

Bose company, and partially B&amp;O too, have put a tremendous efforts in what is called “psycoacoustic research”. They sell very stylish and moderately overpriced products, that sounds TERRIFIC to occasional user, because they can squeeze so powerful and pleasent sound from so tiny speakers, using some sort of adaptive psycoacoustic response. This is able to overcome speaker intrinsic limitations and “simulate” a much more broad sound spectrum, despite the overall manufacturing of their products are on the “cheap” side. This is not “cheating” in my humble opinion, both BOSE and B&amp;O have achieved t 

The price of something is determined by how much somebody is willing to pay for it. If they doubled their price, fewer people would buy it, and they’d either have to lower the price or go out of business. There is a third option: make their products much much better than anyone else.Unfortunately, what something is worth to a consumer is usually decided more by advertising than by listening. B&amp;O - what a marvelous brand name! Has to be good…. Then there’s the matter of listening being subjective. What sounds good to one person may sound bad to another. A good example of this is digital vs anal 

Ridiculously expensive is relative. It’s not just price or “quality” — whatever that is — but how one’s favorite music sounds in the room where one listens to music…assuming that quaint exercise is of interest in a world of portable music. In between Bose and B&amp;O is a wide variety of speakers that are more than satisfactory — if the room itself is conducive to music reproduction. Hard and soft surfaces, speaker locations relative to listening position, use of an equalizer and listening volumes all determine the end result. That said, speakers are absolutely the most important part of any music 

It depends. B&amp;O is better built, higher quality and can be viewed as art. Bose just can’t be viewed that way. To my ears some B&amp;O stuff sounds reasonably good, some things don’t sound great. But even the good stuff can easily be bested for the same money. My wife owns Bose QC35 noise canceling headphones and I own B&amp;O H9i headphones. The B&amp;O’s sound better are vastly better built and use higher quality components and have a replaceable battery. The Bose are slightly more comfortable and have slightly better noise cancelling…so whatever is important to you I suppose. To answer the original ques 

What was the slickest thing you have done or seen when negotiating a car price?
In late 1977, I had to find a cheap vehicle fast after my daily driver developed engine problems. I had just relocated to a boom town in East Texas where all used vehicle prices were high so went out into the sticks to see if any bargains existed in the tiny rural towns. There were several at different lots but all had too many problems when taken out for a test drive. One quit running a few miles away from the lot so my buddy and I hitched a ride back to tell the lot operator where it was at while handing over the keys. He got agitated at first then calmed down some after telling him that it  

It was 2010. I moved to Billings Montana for work, leaving my life (and what became my wife) behind in Missoula. 340 miles apart. The mileage wasn’t all that bad because I was a part of a large geographic territory including Montana, Wyoming, and North Dakota. Although I wasn’t the top of the heap in this organization, my position allowed me some autonomy. Often, if there was a “problem market” I’d take the task of diving on the grenade and saddle up for a road trip. My Nissan Armada was already getting on in the years, but I was still infatuated with the vehicle. I went to the Nissan dealer in Bi 

.Took my fiancee to a Honda dealership in WPB because she was shopping for a Civic at a dealership 75 miles South and had picked a car she liked for $20k plus $900+/- dealer fees. The WPB dealership had an almost identical deal for $1000 more. We checked out the car &amp; told the salesman about the other deal for $1000 less. She was getting a check from her CU but not for 5 days. Salesman played the “I'll need to run it by my manager” ploy. Left us sitting in his office. I had warned her that they might evesdrop so to play along with me whatever I say. We discussed the 2 deals and expressed preferen 

I sold cars for a while, after my real career ended. Our used car manager was a real old school type, but had one slick, computer-age trick. A customer would come in, looking to upgrade to a newer used car. After the test drive and some negotiation, I’d have the used car manager appraise their trade in. When I’d show the customer the appraisal, they’d become indignant… “KBB says my car is worth $600 more than that!” That was when the magic happened - I’d call my manager over and let the customer vent on him for a while. After hearing the complaint, the manager would turn to me and say “You’re the 

This is going to be a novelette you may find amusing. Several things happened around this little transaction. First, the background. This happened in 2012. I had an ‘88 MBZ 560SL for my daily driver. I loved this little car! It reached just over 200,000mi &amp; started missing out. My husband likes wrenching on old cars. He especially likes American iron from the late 60’s - early 70’s. Unfortunately, he had a bad habit of buying too many projects, tinkering with them for a little bit, &amp; then leaving them parked &amp; doing nothing with them. Fine if you have acreage for storage. Our house was in the su 

Everyone advises you to “walk away” but it’s not until you actually genuinely go to do it, that you realise how powerful it is. At the start of this story I must point out, the Dealership were EXCELLENT. I’d fully recommend buying a used Porsche as a Porsche Approved car from a genuine dealer. I was negotiating the price on a used Porsche from a Porsche Dealer. I went in with print outs from online of other Porsche of the same specification I was interested in looking at, for sale by other people. I’d already test driven the main car in question the week prior. I’d just been on a test run of anothe 

Not sure that this is very slick, but I always appreciate using the “walk away” tactic. Don’t fall in love with a car. Even if you live in a remote part of the country with few dealers in your area, there are tons of online and other resources to get a car. If you are asking for a reasonable price and you’re not getting it, walk away. Sometimes they’ll run after you, sometimes not—but you’re making two statements to their salespeople and management, either way: Your product is not so “in demand” and I have the dollars you want. The most devious tactic that car dealers can use to make an unsuspec 

🤣🤣🤣 funny question. I had level one or GM emoloyee discount paperwork. Walked into a buick dealership, looking at the new Buick Regal, Two Door just like Tiger Wood had back in the 90's. Beautiful Glazed black, Chrome, gray leather interior, fully loaded, sun roof, on star, 18 inch wheels I sat down at the salesman's desk and said I want that car right out there that you have sitting displayed in front. The reps says oh wow great, I can get you a deal on that car. I said ok great. And the rep takes down my information. He says he has to talk to the sales manager and finance manager, so all th 

I found a Honda Civic on a dealers lot that I wanted to buy. The civic was a four door, and it was priced around $5,000. I saw the car on a Sunday, when the business was closed. While I was walking the lot, I also found a sportier looking pontiac sunfire, which was a two door. I think the sunfire was priced closer to $6,000. I was not interested in the sunfire at all. I would never buy the sunfire. I showed up at the dealership on the next day, Monday. I was greeted by a salesman, and I told him, “I’m looking for a nice fuel efficient compact car. I saw that nice looking sunfire on your lot. I’ 

Back in the 90’s, I was a civilian Contracting Officer for the DoD Army. My drive to work required a 60-mile round trip 5-6 days a week; It was time for a new vehicle; I had an excellent credit report and even better negotiation skills. My local hunt began at the Chevy dealership, then the Ford dealership then on to the Dodge dealership where I had purchased my last two vehicles from salesman Dan. A mechanic friend of mine mentioned he quit working at the Ford dealership because he had experienced a few ‘shady’ things going on. Dan at Dodge ran my credit through the bank and told me it was carte  

Why would prices need to increase if wages increase?
“..Why would prices need to increase if wages increase?” Here is the short version: Materials - $2Labor - $2Cost of Business (electricity, rent, etc) - $1 Profit (based on what market will bear) - $5 Selling price - $10. If labor price goes up to $3, the materials cost didn’t change (or haven’t yet at least) and none of the Cost of Business changed, then profit has gone down by the amount labor went up. Will the increase cost of labor result in more widgets being produced? Will the increase cost of labor creep into material cost since whatever that material is also had a labor increase? Will the s 

The short answer is that every industry needs some kind of labor force, and that labor force needs to get paid. This meams your general operating costs are higher due to the increased pay. So you start paying your employees the new wage and (assuming you don't fire anyone to make up for the higher pay) that cuts in to your profit margin. Actually, even firing people so you're paying the same amount overall would cut in to your profit margin as you're now getting less work done. So now you have a choice of either taking a cut in profits or raising your price to make the same profit (if, as other 

They don’t. One of the biggest myths of economics is that businesses sell their products at some sort of fixed ratio over their costs. They do not. They sell their product at whatever people are willing to pay for it. A few years ago, Ontario raised its minimum wage to $14 an hour. Tim Hortons is the largest light food chain in the country, and Ontario franchise owners asked the parent company to allow them to raise prices. The parent company refused and essentially accepted lower profits because none of the other food companies were raising their prices either. In truth, the minimum wage is so lo 

When costs increase, such as wages, businesses need to raise prices to stay in business. This is especially true for businesses for whom labor is their major cost, such as restaurants which are already on the verge of bankruptcy due to the lockdowns. Some restaurants will have to close their doors for good, which reduces the number of the restaurants, and a reduction in supply leads to an increase in prices. Then the demand will fall due to the increase in prices (fewer people will dine out), putting downward pressure on prices. Eventually a new equilibrium price will be found, but in the meant 

If a company employs people at minimum wage, and minimum wage is increased by law, the company has three options: Reduce profit marginsReduce the number of employeesRaise pricesA company’s revenue boils down to a very simple formula: money in - money out = profit. So when money out increases because they have to pay their employees more, they either need to get more money in (via raised prices) or their profit goes down. When this has happened in the past—for example in the car wash industry in NYC—it usually results in a combination of the above. In that case, car washes became drastically more e 

Wages spent per unit produced are more important than any particular wage rate. If wages increase in the productivity of labor increases even more the labor cost of production is down which tends to lead to a reduction in prices. Regarding the question: "need to increase". Need is not a freestanding concept but the relationship between an input and result. The word "need" relates to achieving some result. The question does not refer to any relevant result. No, prices do not need to increase if wages increase but prices might need to increase in order to maintain profitability. Oxygen is needed  

Anyone suggesting this has never taken Economics 101. Prices are determined by factors like supply and demand. The goal is to ALWAYS charge the most that you can, without reducing the demand below the amount you can supply. This maximizes revenue. Sure, there are a few businesses that are in inelastic demand. Restaurants, with a million competitors, are definitely not one of them. Really, I can’t think of any business with minimum wage employees that enjoys inelastic demand.  What is being avoided—and by some that is a deliberate avoidance—is the question of “Is the business that uses minimum wage 

There's the argument that wages are involved in the costs to produce things, but that's actually not all there is to it. There's also the issue that prices are “whatever people are willing to pay for it, as long as the producers are making money.” People who earn more money are willing to spend more money. People generally budget not according to absolute dollars, but according to fractions of their income — when they make more money they often get a more expensive place, spend more on food and entertainment and other things. Push up what the bottom makes, and the things produced targeting the b 

Wages are a price: the price of labor. Prices are relative. When one good or service is an input to other goods and services, the prices of the end products tend to increase as well. That is, the persons selling the goods or services try to pass those price increases on to the purchasers. 1.9K views · View upvotes · View shares104223Manny Marcel, Draftsman at Self-Employment (1970-present)Answered January 18, 2021 · Author has 3.1K answers and 314.7K answer views

Q: Why would prices need to increase if wages increase? Labor costs are a big part of an item’s cost, all the way from the raw materials, energy used, assembly labor, delivery, etc. It’s not just the lowest end of the wage spectrum that gets a raise. Most union contracts are tied into the minimum wage. When the minimum wage goes up, so do all the wages covered by the contracts. That means the well-paid journeyman will get a big raise, too. 138 views · View upvotes3Shing LauAnswered January 18, 2021 · Author has 4.1K answers and 606.8K answer views

What ridiculous food price made your jaw drop as a tourist?
Going to McDonald’s of all places in Norway.  Went to a conference in Trondheim, Norway in 2011 and took my family with me. Had already traveled through the UK, France and Italy (where the McDonald’s had long queues, not for the food, rather the toilets!), but nothing quite prepared us for Norway prices (and I’ve been to Switzerland!). My children were still quite young, so lunch one day consisted of just two Quarter Pounder Meals for the adults and two Happy Meals for the kids, which in Australia would’ve been less than A$20 all up, but after a quick mental calculation ended up more than three t 

Ridiculously low price foods: I went to Thailand with my friend Nick in 2015. When we arrived at Bangkok International Airport, we went to a food court at the arrival area called ‘ magic foods’ for dinner.  These were the prices of a noodle joint, a main dish only cost around 10RMB at that time (around 11.6 RMB now due to devaluation of RMB). What a bargain! The taste was also good, it’s rare to find very reasonably priced foods inside the airport. I went to Japan in 2016, I ate conveyor belt sushi for only 128 Yen a plate in Osaka (7.3RMB at that time, 8.5 RMB now). Despite the low price, the foo 

After a pleasant family day out in the Science Museum in London in October 2016 I, the wife and our two boys walked towards the Harrods department store because it is not too far from the Science Museum and I knew my wife would at least like a look in the store. As we went into Harrods, I joked with my wife that despite having had very little to eat all day in the Science Museum, we would definitely not be dining in the store, because I was now hungry and wanted a meal providing sustenance at a reasonable price, rather than “a few oysters and a glass of champagne and having to pay £300 for it  

The only example i have , is from about 1991 , around month before i would join the army -non-commisioned officers- my father planned a trip to Norway , as a going-away-for-a-long-time present , or so he tried to turn it into . As we were set for departure my dad told me they were going to take a lot of tabacco and hard liquor with them as the cost in Norway for those products is just astronomical . I would have to sit on cushions in the back , in where the afformentioned goods were hidden . Once we drove off the ferry coming from Denmark , it was only about 200 metres to the border control .  

I was just finishing my training in Petaling Jaya, Malaysia and for some reason, the organizer of the event order a Pizza Hut for the dinner. One thing that I can tell you about Indonesian is WE LOVE SPICES. Usually, I can tolerate Pizza Hut back in Jakarta, but in Petaling Jaya, the Pizza Hut feels bland, like only slight salty and savory but nothing much. It’s like eating Jewish matza (unleavened bread), I would rather have Pizza with Durian and Cheese rather than tasteless slices of Pizza Hut. Yes, Durian and Cheese Pizza is an actual thing.  I decided to take a walk nearby the hotel and try t 

The price was not so crazy but it shocked me due to my background and origin. I was born in a small town of Argentina, less than 100k people lived at that time. When I was a kid the country was ruled by a military government and the economy was a mess. So we ate very basic (and great) food made of the ingredients that could get us more protein, vitamins and so forth as cheap as possible. Fast-forward to last year, 2018, on the way back from a week of training a team in Belarus for my company I stopped by London to enjoy the Masters of Tennis, semifinal and final, Saturday and Sunday. I go to th 

The year was 2001, and it was the first day of October. My best mate and I had just spent 10 1/2 hours on a flight from Johannesburg to London, this was less than a month after the 911 planes crashing into the World Trade Centre towers incident. People were quite tense on that flight I'll tell you LOL Having never been to the UK before we listened to all the advice about how the UK is cold and we should dress warmly… Don't do that, listen to travel advice from people who've never been where you're going. Also don't dress warmly for Europe, they tend to have poor tolerance for the cold. In any eve 

My girlfriend and I were on vacation to Florida. Now I am a Florida native, but from the panhandle and I had never been south of the Tampa area. We flew into Ft Lauderdale airport, picked up our rental car, and were headed to the Keys. We didn’t have an exact itinerary so as we drove south we decided to check out the art deco area of Miami Beach. We parked about 2 blocks from the beach and walked down to the beach where we hung out for about 30 mins to an hour. This was in Mar so the weather was cool and there were very few tourists. It was around 1:00 by then so we stepped into a restaurant c 

For me, it was when I took my mom on a trip to Hong Kong and China. China went well - I can speak enough street-level Mandarin to get around, and we had friends with us in most places - but we were “surprised” in Hong Kong. There is a particular street in Hong Kong where you can buy fish. The fish is sold in street market fashion. We bought some fish, paid for it, and they said we could have the fish prepared and could eat it upstairs, in a rather run-down dining area above the market. We figured they’d charge a small extra charge to prepare the fish as we’d already bought it, so we went ahead a 

We visited Rome in 2006, along with a few other places so we had some idea on what to expect prices looked like for tourists. We had flown from Paris on Ryan air so had to bus out to Orly, terrible flight, then bus into Rome. Walked our suitcases to the hotel after eventually finding it, by this time it was about 9pm and we were tired and starving. We just wanted a bit to ea then get to bed so we could hit the sightseeing bright and early. The hotel night manager (who turned out to be amazing) told us there was a little place down the road who looked after his guests. He gave us a card in Italia 

What was the slickest thing you have done or seen when negotiating a car price?
In late 1977, I had to find a cheap vehicle fast after my daily driver developed engine problems. I had just relocated to a boom town in East Texas where all used vehicle prices were high so went out into the sticks to see if any bargains existed in the tiny rural towns. There were several at different lots but all had too many problems when taken out for a test drive. One quit running a few miles away from the lot so my buddy and I hitched a ride back to tell the lot operator where it was at while handing over the keys. He got agitated at first then calmed down some after telling him that it  

It was 2010. I moved to Billings Montana for work, leaving my life (and what became my wife) behind in Missoula. 340 miles apart. The mileage wasn’t all that bad because I was a part of a large geographic territory including Montana, Wyoming, and North Dakota. Although I wasn’t the top of the heap in this organization, my position allowed me some autonomy. Often, if there was a “problem market” I’d take the task of diving on the grenade and saddle up for a road trip. My Nissan Armada was already getting on in the years, but I was still infatuated with the vehicle. I went to the Nissan dealer in Bi 

.Took my fiancee to a Honda dealership in WPB because she was shopping for a Civic at a dealership 75 miles South and had picked a car she liked for $20k plus $900+/- dealer fees. The WPB dealership had an almost identical deal for $1000 more. We checked out the car &amp; told the salesman about the other deal for $1000 less. She was getting a check from her CU but not for 5 days. Salesman played the “I'll need to run it by my manager” ploy. Left us sitting in his office. I had warned her that they might evesdrop so to play along with me whatever I say. We discussed the 2 deals and expressed preferen 

I sold cars for a while, after my real career ended. Our used car manager was a real old school type, but had one slick, computer-age trick. A customer would come in, looking to upgrade to a newer used car. After the test drive and some negotiation, I’d have the used car manager appraise their trade in. When I’d show the customer the appraisal, they’d become indignant… “KBB says my car is worth $600 more than that!” That was when the magic happened - I’d call my manager over and let the customer vent on him for a while. After hearing the complaint, the manager would turn to me and say “You’re the 

This is going to be a novelette you may find amusing. Several things happened around this little transaction. First, the background. This happened in 2012. I had an ‘88 MBZ 560SL for my daily driver. I loved this little car! It reached just over 200,000mi &amp; started missing out. My husband likes wrenching on old cars. He especially likes American iron from the late 60’s - early 70’s. Unfortunately, he had a bad habit of buying too many projects, tinkering with them for a little bit, &amp; then leaving them parked &amp; doing nothing with them. Fine if you have acreage for storage. Our house was in the su 

Everyone advises you to “walk away” but it’s not until you actually genuinely go to do it, that you realise how powerful it is. At the start of this story I must point out, the Dealership were EXCELLENT. I’d fully recommend buying a used Porsche as a Porsche Approved car from a genuine dealer. I was negotiating the price on a used Porsche from a Porsche Dealer. I went in with print outs from online of other Porsche of the same specification I was interested in looking at, for sale by other people. I’d already test driven the main car in question the week prior. I’d just been on a test run of anothe 

Not sure that this is very slick, but I always appreciate using the “walk away” tactic. Don’t fall in love with a car. Even if you live in a remote part of the country with few dealers in your area, there are tons of online and other resources to get a car. If you are asking for a reasonable price and you’re not getting it, walk away. Sometimes they’ll run after you, sometimes not—but you’re making two statements to their salespeople and management, either way: Your product is not so “in demand” and I have the dollars you want. The most devious tactic that car dealers can use to make an unsuspec 

🤣🤣🤣 funny question. I had level one or GM emoloyee discount paperwork. Walked into a buick dealership, looking at the new Buick Regal, Two Door just like Tiger Wood had back in the 90's. Beautiful Glazed black, Chrome, gray leather interior, fully loaded, sun roof, on star, 18 inch wheels I sat down at the salesman's desk and said I want that car right out there that you have sitting displayed in front. The reps says oh wow great, I can get you a deal on that car. I said ok great. And the rep takes down my information. He says he has to talk to the sales manager and finance manager, so all th 

I found a Honda Civic on a dealers lot that I wanted to buy. The civic was a four door, and it was priced around $5,000. I saw the car on a Sunday, when the business was closed. While I was walking the lot, I also found a sportier looking pontiac sunfire, which was a two door. I think the sunfire was priced closer to $6,000. I was not interested in the sunfire at all. I would never buy the sunfire. I showed up at the dealership on the next day, Monday. I was greeted by a salesman, and I told him, “I’m looking for a nice fuel efficient compact car. I saw that nice looking sunfire on your lot. I’ 

Back in the 90’s, I was a civilian Contracting Officer for the DoD Army. My drive to work required a 60-mile round trip 5-6 days a week; It was time for a new vehicle; I had an excellent credit report and even better negotiation skills. My local hunt began at the Chevy dealership, then the Ford dealership then on to the Dodge dealership where I had purchased my last two vehicles from salesman Dan. A mechanic friend of mine mentioned he quit working at the Ford dealership because he had experienced a few ‘shady’ things going on. Dan at Dodge ran my credit through the bank and told me it was carte  

Will Ripple’s price rise in the future?
Some great answers here, in-depth. Specially from Francisco A.M.! Ripple was made to be a particularly stable cryptocurrency and I believe they have an escrow account with XRP waiting in it in case the price jumps too much, they have the ability to ease the increase so costs are stable for those using it. Now, another answer said “I hope not.” Well, I kind of agree. I used to work at Wells Fargo where they gave $35 overdraft fees to customers who overdrafted even $0.05. Bam, $35 even though you’re already negative…I also left 2 1/2 months before the whole 2 million fake account thing happened wh 

While the other answers are predictions for Ripple exploding positively, I’m going to answer and say, yes, it will explode… downhill It’s a simple to see now that cryptocurrencies (and potentially all of blockchain technologies) are in a bubble. If you don’t believe the economists who are saying this or the evidence and definitions they provide, just look at the dot com bubble. That, without a doubt, was a bubble that soared high then crashed. The cryptocurrency bubble we see today holds many parallels to the dot com bubble several years ago. For starters, the idea itself is bringing money out  

Ripple is the enterprise software company, and if Ripple were to cease to exist, the XRP Ledger would run just fine… it’s independent of Ripple the company. However, the XRP Ledger is essentially the heartbeat of Ripple, so while Ripple has no control over the XRP Ledger, we do care a lot about it. Now that the distinction is clear… What Ripple is doing is enabling the Internet of Value, for value to be exchanged as quickly as information does today. And we do this by using XRP to source liquidity on demand for the banks, so XRP has a very specific use case. If we’re talking about whether Ripple  

XRP Bullish Price Forecast Based On Adoption XRP in transactions starts becoming really significant. The demand for XRP is growing fast now. Right before 2020 kicked in the world learned about Ripple’s $200M fund raising success. This fresh new capital will be used to accelerate the XRP adoption process. There are so many cryptocurrencies that people do not tend to pay much attention to. Investing in these cryptocurrencies would bring about maximum profits and also would bring less worries in the fluctuations of their prices as they have really stable prices. Cryptocurrencies like ripple,monero,d 

 Regarding the Ripple, there is no actually doubt that the technology behind the project, is mostly dominating on the market. This digital payment system was already adopted by a large variety of different business and financial institutions. So you can really say that in the nearest future, Ripple, as well as the cryptocurrency market in whole will have another push. More than three million Koreans have created KYC bank accounts, that’s the one allowing crypto exchange, according to the informational authorities as well as commercial banks. This comes following limitations on the Korean populat 

You may have heard about the ripple xrp latest news that on June 28, Kotak Mahindra, India’s leading private bank, announced its cooperation with Ripple to improve the Bank’s cross-border remittance business. They plan to deploy the xCurrent blockchain settlement solution, which will reduce remittance payment time to within a few minutes. We know that ripple's core competitiveness lies in its cross-border payment technology, and so far, more than 25 financial institutions around the world, including the famous British bank santander, have used Ripple's xCurrent to enhance customer experience in 

 There is something you should get to know first. XRP is a token used for representing the transfer of value across the Ripple Network. XRP is a token used for representing the transfer of value across the Ripple Network Ripple Network offers the most advanced blockchain technology for global payments—making it easy for financial institutions to reach a trusted, growing network of 300+ providers across 40+ countries and  six continents. Therefore Ripple fuction is only intended for easy, secure and fast money transfers. Not pun intend, but simple as that. If we are talking about whether Ripple (XRP 

You have to define “grow”. If it is growth in value, I believe it will. Many cryptocurrency “experts” ignore Ripple because it’s aligned with banks, which is against the idea Bitcoin supports…However, in my opinion there are other things that should be noted (I am going to ignore some of Ripple’s achievements and just focus in four points): First, Ripple is trying to solve a real problem regarding money transfers If you transfer money from the USA to Spain it will take a lot of time, the bank will give you an awful rate and there is a chance that the transfer won’t reach the receiver. With XRP pa 

I hope not. 2008 showed everyone the predatory nature of banks. Satoshi Nakamoto invented Bitcoin in 2008 in response to widespread banker fraud. The banks deliberately crashed the world's financial system and bet on it crashing. When the banks crashed the economy, millions of people ended up getting hurt. That's why you see all those hungry and confused people living on the streets with eyes like broken Christmas lights. The solution Satoshi Nakamoto came up with was to disintermediate the banks entirely so people could stop being robbed at every turn, and start getting their lives back. He was s 

It depends who you are asking! For a day trader XRP will not be very interesting as this is a far less ‘pump and dump’ coin than most others. But than again, day trading in crypto is synonymous to gambling, most of the time you will end up crying. If the question is aimed at the potential over a longer period of time, my opinion is that XRP is by far the most educated speculation you can make. This is one of the very few coins that has a very clear and precise use case, being a bridge currency that adheres to regulations and thus ready for use within its purpose. Even more, over 100 banks are a 

How is Tesla able to price the Cybertruck so low?
Because, Tesla is not ripping off truck buyers like Ford, GM and Chrysler-Fiat. Think about it. Trucks are much simpler and easier to build than sedans. There’s a lot less labor, which is the major cost of most vehicles. The cost difference in material inputs is small in comparison. However, because most consumers have a super-size-me, more-is-better-must-be-worth-more mentality, they’re willing to overpay for pickup trucks and big SUV’s compared to sedans. That’s why most of Detroit’s profits come from trucks. EV have thousands fewer parts than normal cars, and at least hundreds fewer parts than 

There’s not really anything about an electric vehicle that makes it more expensive than conventional vehicles, other than the battery, and battery costs are falling fast. And don’t forget, Tesla owns at least a half share in the world’s biggest battery factory, as of now. Plus ordinary pickup trucks are very profitable, even built the way conventional companies such as Ford and Toyota build them. Tesla is an GENERATION ahead already, in terms of the way the body shell can be built, with the Y being the first Tesla to implement the new Tesla manufacturing process. The electrical systems which cos 

The price is a fabrication. Sort of like the Model 3 $35,000 price tag (it’s actually a 40K car, and even at that low price TSLA doesn’t make money). We know it’s a fabrication from a couple independent lines of evidence: The “pre-order” contract is very clear that the price is not fixed- your $100 does not entitle you to the quoted priceThe price makes no sense. The Model Y, a car with 50% less battery, less expensive suspension/drivetrain/wheels/body starts at $46K, $7K more than the Truck!Musk himself has said they don’t know how to actually make the body panels or assemble them. This means t

So low is kind of a joke. For $39,000 you get a truck that is out performed in every conceivable measure, other than 0–60 time, by every other full sized truck in the market. For $10,000 less you can buy a Ford that can tow more, can haul more, and isn’t limited in range. For the price of the least expensive Tesla truck you’re looking at an XLT which has a nicer interior than we saw with the Tesla. For the top line Tesla you have climbed into the Super Duty range that puts the capabilities of the Tesla to shame. Truck buyers fall into two categories. The first group is the largest and is made u 

Because so far they are pricing not a truck, but a basket of a thin air. Tesla is not producing trucks. It will not produce trucks for at least two years, and, considering Tesla’s history of slippages, probably for more than two years. Lots of things may happen in two years. For example, they can cancel truck production altogether and return people their $100 deposits. Or they can produce a version vastly cut in features, and sell it for the low price they advertised. Or they will sell only advanced versions for the first few months or years - like they already did with Model 3. Or real characte 

The cyber truck isn't in production. The prices listed are aspirations. The features won't be as shown. The fact is we don't know what the price will be, but we do know Musk is well known for lying or “bending the truth beyond what facts support”. Also, we know the truck won't pass safety tests and we know it won't be highway legal with a light bar instead of round headlights. We know it won't be sold as shown or at the price advertised. Look at the four seat hardtop “roadster” 2 or the semi truck for further proof. This isn't a serious product. Pricing hasn't been set and is subject to change. Featu 

When it comes it will be cheaper than similar capability pickup trucks. It may not sell at the mentioned prices or in the same volume as the Ford F-150 it has aimed for, but it can easily be cheaper to produce. For reference consider my source:  Sandy Munro and Associates does assessments for the auto industry of the manufacturability of proposed products. You may disagree on some of his conclusions and the manufacturers of other pickups do have cost savings in the ownership of the needed manufacturing spaces already set up to make pickups the old way. But with no pai 

If you compare the capabilities of the Tesla Cybertruck to it’s comparably equipped competition, the Tesla is not priced low at all. The Tesla only shines in 0–60 mph acceleration times, which is nice to brag about but it doesn’t help with any work duties. A comparably priced Ford, GM or Fiat pickup will tow more, and tow it further. The Tesla Model 3 is actually a decent value but in it’s current form, I think the Cybertruck is a bit of a miss. Hopefully, Tesla can iron out the details and make some improvements before the truck comes to market. They should also fix the styling, but that is a  

I don’t know, doesn’t seem that cheap to me. The low cost one is $40k and that money will buy a pretty nice truck. Everyone keep comparing it to MSRP, but the cybertruck will sell for MSRP but normal trucks sell for 15–20% below MSRP. So saying the base cyber truck is about the same price as a decent equipped F150 is nonsense. Also, to get a cyber truck that can preform at the towing capacity they claim you have to move to the $70k tri-motor, $70k is big money for a truck. I’ve seen $70k MSRP f150s go for a about $55k (the raptor being the exception of selling close to MSRP). So comparatively  

There are 6 primary reasons for the truck being cheaper than ithers. it is electric powered and has far fewer components than a gas or diesel alternative in the engine, transmission and suspension areasTesla already has other electric vehicles in its line and can likely reap cost savings due to re-use of existing componentsinstead of choosing a body-on-frame design like competitors Tesla has made the body and frame the same structurethey have chosen a higher strength main metal to use likely allowing less overall material to achieve the same strengththey do not require paint on their vehicle as

Will Ripple’s price rise in the future?
Some great answers here, in-depth. Specially from Francisco A.M.! Ripple was made to be a particularly stable cryptocurrency and I believe they have an escrow account with XRP waiting in it in case the price jumps too much, they have the ability to ease the increase so costs are stable for those using it. Now, another answer said “I hope not.” Well, I kind of agree. I used to work at Wells Fargo where they gave $35 overdraft fees to customers who overdrafted even $0.05. Bam, $35 even though you’re already negative…I also left 2 1/2 months before the whole 2 million fake account thing happened wh 

While the other answers are predictions for Ripple exploding positively, I’m going to answer and say, yes, it will explode… downhill It’s a simple to see now that cryptocurrencies (and potentially all of blockchain technologies) are in a bubble. If you don’t believe the economists who are saying this or the evidence and definitions they provide, just look at the dot com bubble. That, without a doubt, was a bubble that soared high then crashed. The cryptocurrency bubble we see today holds many parallels to the dot com bubble several years ago. For starters, the idea itself is bringing money out  

Ripple is the enterprise software company, and if Ripple were to cease to exist, the XRP Ledger would run just fine… it’s independent of Ripple the company. However, the XRP Ledger is essentially the heartbeat of Ripple, so while Ripple has no control over the XRP Ledger, we do care a lot about it. Now that the distinction is clear… What Ripple is doing is enabling the Internet of Value, for value to be exchanged as quickly as information does today. And we do this by using XRP to source liquidity on demand for the banks, so XRP has a very specific use case. If we’re talking about whether Ripple  

XRP Bullish Price Forecast Based On Adoption XRP in transactions starts becoming really significant. The demand for XRP is growing fast now. Right before 2020 kicked in the world learned about Ripple’s $200M fund raising success. This fresh new capital will be used to accelerate the XRP adoption process. There are so many cryptocurrencies that people do not tend to pay much attention to. Investing in these cryptocurrencies would bring about maximum profits and also would bring less worries in the fluctuations of their prices as they have really stable prices. Cryptocurrencies like ripple,monero,d 

 Regarding the Ripple, there is no actually doubt that the technology behind the project, is mostly dominating on the market. This digital payment system was already adopted by a large variety of different business and financial institutions. So you can really say that in the nearest future, Ripple, as well as the cryptocurrency market in whole will have another push. More than three million Koreans have created KYC bank accounts, that’s the one allowing crypto exchange, according to the informational authorities as well as commercial banks. This comes following limitations on the Korean populat 

You may have heard about the ripple xrp latest news that on June 28, Kotak Mahindra, India’s leading private bank, announced its cooperation with Ripple to improve the Bank’s cross-border remittance business. They plan to deploy the xCurrent blockchain settlement solution, which will reduce remittance payment time to within a few minutes. We know that ripple's core competitiveness lies in its cross-border payment technology, and so far, more than 25 financial institutions around the world, including the famous British bank santander, have used Ripple's xCurrent to enhance customer experience in 

 There is something you should get to know first. XRP is a token used for representing the transfer of value across the Ripple Network. XRP is a token used for representing the transfer of value across the Ripple Network Ripple Network offers the most advanced blockchain technology for global payments—making it easy for financial institutions to reach a trusted, growing network of 300+ providers across 40+ countries and  six continents. Therefore Ripple fuction is only intended for easy, secure and fast money transfers. Not pun intend, but simple as that. If we are talking about whether Ripple (XRP 

You have to define “grow”. If it is growth in value, I believe it will. Many cryptocurrency “experts” ignore Ripple because it’s aligned with banks, which is against the idea Bitcoin supports…However, in my opinion there are other things that should be noted (I am going to ignore some of Ripple’s achievements and just focus in four points): First, Ripple is trying to solve a real problem regarding money transfers If you transfer money from the USA to Spain it will take a lot of time, the bank will give you an awful rate and there is a chance that the transfer won’t reach the receiver. With XRP pa 

I hope not. 2008 showed everyone the predatory nature of banks. Satoshi Nakamoto invented Bitcoin in 2008 in response to widespread banker fraud. The banks deliberately crashed the world's financial system and bet on it crashing. When the banks crashed the economy, millions of people ended up getting hurt. That's why you see all those hungry and confused people living on the streets with eyes like broken Christmas lights. The solution Satoshi Nakamoto came up with was to disintermediate the banks entirely so people could stop being robbed at every turn, and start getting their lives back. He was s 

It depends who you are asking! For a day trader XRP will not be very interesting as this is a far less ‘pump and dump’ coin than most others. But than again, day trading in crypto is synonymous to gambling, most of the time you will end up crying. If the question is aimed at the potential over a longer period of time, my opinion is that XRP is by far the most educated speculation you can make. This is one of the very few coins that has a very clear and precise use case, being a bridge currency that adheres to regulations and thus ready for use within its purpose. Even more, over 100 banks are a 

How much does the cheapest Rolex watch cost?
Almost ten years ago, I was looking for my first Rolex. It was the Rolex Submariner ref. 14060M. As a student, I was obviously looking for the cheapest solution available. At that time, there weren’t crazy waiting lists, except for the steel Daytona, and you could even get the watch with a little discount, especially if you were looking in the gray market. Today, the situation has totally changed! You have several years long waiting lists and if you try to get it second hand, be prepared to pay a dissuasive premium! I’ll spare you the headache and hours of researches, if you are looking for any 

Owning a Rolex watch can have a craving for being a piece of an elite club, and it is reasonable that numerous newcomers to the extravagance watch advertise need to profit by the level of status, refinement, and development related with the brand. Notwithstanding, at passage level, new purchasers are likewise valuing touchy and the reality of the situation may prove that you need to encounter the sentiment of owning a Rolex, without spending more than is essential on the timepiece itself. So we go to the inquiry, what is the least expensive Rolex? There are two types of Rolex watch, original an 

The best answer to this question is that if you want to buy a cheap Rolex, you should have bought one ten, thirty, or even 40 years ago. Rolex watches were a lot cheaper back in the days, and no, it does not only have to do with inflation to do. Look at this graphic by Ablogtowatch:  As you can see, the price of the listed Rolex watches have increased significantly more than what they would have done if the price would have been adjusted solely according to inflation. But now to your question: It can be answered in a number of ways. If you mean brand new, you have to go on the Rolex retail prices, t 

The cheapest Rolex watch can vary in cost depending on where you buy it. Here are some of the cheaper Rolex watch models. It’ll still run you a couple of grand though. The good thing is you can read reviews on specific models to help you decide which ones are worth buying. Obviously, some Rolex models are better than others which is why you have some that are a few thousand dollars and some that are over $50,000. If you put aside the real Rolex watches, you'll be able to find knock offs for much, much cheaper. Of course, buying fake ones isn't for everyone. If you want to buy a Rolex because of 

The Rolex Oyster Perpetual is currently the least expensive model available. It costs about $2,500 on TrueFacet Marketplace and about $4,850 retail.  That being said there are some grey market dealers where consumers can save money but that comes with caveats. When dealing in the used market, prices are all over the board. A negotiated sale must take into consideration the age and condition of the watch. If it is a “Paul Newman” it will fetch considerably more than the original retail price. This also goes for a handful of other models with some celebrity association like the “Steve McQueen”. Ther 

Buying a Rolex is often considered a life achievement considering the price and brand history. Luckily, buying a Rolex may not be as expensive as one may think.  Different posters have quoted different prices, which are far apart from each other. This is because they quote both vintage (pre-owned) and new models.  In both cases, my gut reaction would be that buying an Oyster perpetual or Air King models would be cheapest. Both are considered entry models to the Rolex line.  This mentality crosses over to the vintage market. Last year (2013), I have seen vintage Rolex Oysterdate precisions (Ref.  

I'm getting tired of answering this question…. Jared Greenblatt's answer to How much does the cheapest Rolex watch cost? Jared Greenblatt's answer to Where do you get the least expensive Rolex (new and original)? Jared Greenblatt's answer to Where was the cheapest Rolex watch made?  The Rolex models with the lowest MSRP are the Air King  and the Oyster Perpetual  . They both list for right around $6,000US. There won't be a set, specific dollar amount for a new Rolex that sells for below MSRP. Every grey market seller will set their own prices, so unfortunately, I can't give you a better accurate answer. J 

I thought for a long moment before answering your question. I therefore concluded that if you wish to buy an expensive watch such as a Rolex, the cheapest one will not make you happy. Every other Rolex that you come across will present itself as a better one to yours. What you should be aiming for is one that suits your lifestyle, and one that will tell you that your choice was NOT the cheapest. It could be one with a steel bracelet, or a leather strap, or even a Nylon NATO washable one, but it would be on a watch YOU LIKE. If I were you, I would target one that appealed to my taste, and save for 

While I don’t believe affordability should be a main factor when considering a luxury watch, but to answer your question the cheapest Rolex watch would be the 34 mm Air-King and the 36 mm Oyster Perpetual, or maybe even an Explorer. Retail price for these is around the 5k mark, pre-owned price is around half that. It’s good to note the entry price for Rolex watches is so high that you better be considering a watch of their higher lineup like a Sub or a Daytona for an extra 2–6k instead of settling down to these. Just don’t buy a Rolex because it’s the cheapest Rolex out there, buy it because yo 

If you are lucky you may be able to get a bargain from a private seller who is desperate for cash. One of my close friends needed cash urgently and sold his old hand winding Rolex to a dealer for only Rm5000 (about US$ 1250) some years back. I cannot recall the model but it was quite small as compared to some of the modern watches. He did not have any papers but the dealer opened up the case and confirmed that it was original. He first offered it to me but I was not willing to spend that much money on an old hand wound watch - I was more of a G-Shock watch guy then. It was only later, when I bec 

Is it true that Panera Bread’s menu prices are merely “suggestions,” and you can actually pay less or more depending on what you feel is fair?
Why are Michelin restaurants so pricey for such small food portions?
This is a two-part question. Why are they so pricey, and why are the portions small? The ingredients are more expensive. Ever notice how restaurants rarely serve caviar, langoustines, foie gras, Kobe beef, venison backstrap, and lamb rack? These are all expensive commodities. You don’t see them at Applebee’s. At Michelin-level restaurants, one of the draws is that luxury ingredients are on offer. But it’s not just luxury ingredients. A lot of the produce will be hand-picked. If they use chicken, if, mind you, it will be from a specific small farm, possibly even one they have visited. The chef k

I've read what other people have to say about this and I sort of agree with or comprehend what they're saying but I'd like to add something based on my own experience. Because of my job, during a period of time, and my way of life - single, completely into what I was doing, living in a series of large cities in different countries - I was able to indulge my foodie side for a while at these kinds of restaurants. As sad as some may find it I never went to one of them with anyone else. I was completely focused on the food and the experience and although it cost a lot and I don't do it any more I t 

1) &gt;90% of restaurants close. What does it mean? That they don’t manage the cash flows properly/they can’t yield a large enough return to the owner(s) (which often works there). Michelin starred restaurants are old, often 10+ years old: survivorship bias is in place. They survived *because* they weren’t selling a $20 plate (factoring all the hidden costs) at $19. 2) Cost for ingredients is minimal. A kilo of white truffle goes around $3–4.000, if you put 10gr (0.35 oz) it costs $30 alone. Beluga caviar could be $7–10.000, so 10gr of caviar costs you $70, topping a plate with 10gr of caviar is part 

The obvious answer that’s been overlooked is that Michelin rated restaurants are considered a luxury service. In the same way as you can pay $25,000 for a “First Class” ticket aboard an Air Emirates jet, for the same reason you can buy a Bentley, for the same reason you go to Tiffany and Co., this is the reason why you buy luxury meals from a Michelin rated restaurant. It’s about the brand, the dining experience and, unfortunately, the bragging rights. Simply, dining at a Michelin rated restaurant buys you luxury. Food is food is food. Sure, that tomato may have been “hand picked” or that lobst 

At the last Michelin star restaurant I ate at, the Cote de Boeuf went unfinished because it was so big. It was easily a 2+lb slab of beef. Nicely cooked and seasoned, I might add. It was served with a basket of fries for each of us - too many for us to finish, and a salad that was pretty easy to finish off but it went quite nicely with the heavier food. OK, there was a pea soup with fresh cheese, olives, and proscuitto, and foie gras as appetizers, but even without the first course, we couldn't have finished the beef . At the preceeding Michelin star restaurant, I enjoyed a beautifully roasted  

Have you ever been to a local art gallery featuring relative “unknowns”? If so, one of the things you might have noticed is that the larger paintings almost always cost more. I believe this happens for two reasons: First, hungry artists who are looking to pay rent and don’t yet have full confidence in themselves on some level, value their own art by the foot. Second, potential buyers who may just be shopping for things they like or that they think will impress others who see it in their office or home who themselves, don’t know a lot about art, tend to see the value by the foot, too. That said, he 

I was once deceived by the same thought but let me tell you a story: My sister had the pleasure to have had dinner at "El Bulli", which was named the best restaurant in the world a few times in a row.  Waiting list was around 1 year and price 250€ per person. Every course had minuscule portions. She told me one course was just one Spaghetti with some sort of "spherical" sauce. HOWEVER, they were not only served a standard 3 course meal. They got a 25 course meal and got to try some of the best mind blowing foods cooked by Ferran Adrià, who was the best cook in the world back then. She told me that t 

The existing answers focus on the “supply side” of the question: highest-quality ingredients, highest-trained staff, and plenty of both mean that costs are higher. But I suspect there’s also a “demand side” answer. Food in general has the capacity to be a Veblen good. (For those who hate clicking links, a Veblen good is something that disobeys the law of supply and demand: when the price of a Veblen good increases, its demand increases. This counterintuitive behavior is often seen with luxury goods.) A Michelin star supports the perception of luxury, at least, in most cases. Not all cases. That  

Michelin restaurants are so pricey for many reasons: The quality of the food. For example: it is likely that all of the produce is delivered every day, fresh, from a local farm. If it is not local, it is probably flown in fresh. All of these options are more expensive than somewhere like Restaurant Depot.The care put into the cooking of each ingredient. The chefs at michelin star restaurants are preparing the mise en place almost all day. Taking special care to each ingredient to treat it with respect and highlight its flavor.The service. From my experience in Michelin star restaurants, every m

The Japanese have a saying: Anything worth eating is worth eating in small quantities. They understand that the first couple of bites are the “wow.” After that, a form of sensory fatigue settles in. The food may still taste great, but the related elements of surprise and delight are gone. So how do you make the hits keep happening? Eat lots of different things, in small enough quantities that you’re excited about the next course — and not just full. The only problem with this philosophy? Making a lot of dishes is a lot of work. So is cleaning up the dishes from all those… dishes. And having the w 

[Bose vs. Bang &amp; Olufsen] They both sell ridiculously expensive (overpriced?) products. However, in terms of price to sound quality and build quality ratio, which one does it better? Which brand produces better headphones and speakers overall?
Different companies sell products to different markets and, as a result, they consider different things to be important. Bose products generally feature excellent commercial design. They tend to do what they’re intended to do, consistently and reliably, but their main goal is most certainly not to deliver the ultimate in sound quality. In contrast, B&amp;O products have always stressed “the coolness factor”. For example, there is no technical benefit to a CD player that holds a half dozen discs, and can be mounted vertically on a wall…. but it sure looks futuristic, saves floor space in your tiny bu 

Buying audio equipment is an exercise in determining where your personal point of diminishing returns kicks in. When I was sales counselor at Circuit City back in the day, Bose was at the top of our price points, although to my ears Polk Audio and DCM sounded better for substantially less. Interestingly there was a rival audio chain called “Sound Advice” right across the street from us that specialized in “high end” brands such as B&amp;O, and B&amp;W. Basically their price points started just above where our Bose line ended. The real problem is figuring out how to compare different brands at different 

This will not be an opinion. It will be the facts. i’m in industry vet and familiar with both products. At the outset, one needs to understand that the Bose product would be the equivalent of cubic zirconia jewelry while the B&amp;O would be genuine diamonds. But it’s not quite that simple. First, the companies do not compete with each other except in headphones. Bose makes nothing that’s truly expensive. That’s not their market. Their goal, which they have handsomely achieved, was to put nice background music in more homes than any other brand in the history of the planet. They cannot, nor are they 

If you are interested in sound quality, you shouldn’t be looking at either of those brands. Bose Bose are cute looking speakers that a good job of filling a room with really bad sound. Among audiophiles, Bose is the most derided and sneered about brand. You can buy speakers costing $200 or $300 dollars a pair that sound better than Bose speakers costing $1000 a pair. I know of a speaker designer that took apart some Bose speakers costing over $1000 and found only $100 worth of parts. Quite frankly, I wouldn’t want Bose speakers if they were free. The marketing staff must be full of geniuses. Who  

Hmmmm. This is an interesting question. At the Dawn of its Existence, Bose introduced the 901 speaker line. They were cool, futuristic, and worked by pointing speakers at the wall to produce that “Wall of Sound” vibe so beloved by Phil Spector, currently serving a life sentence for killing his girlfriend and his extremely Bad Hair. They cost like, I dunno, $600 bucks in in the early 70s? Late 60s? Serious coin. Everyone thought they sounded great. A few years ago, I bought some Bose 901s Series Six just to enjoy that retro vibe. Then there were the Dynaco A25s. Also built by a Danish company a l 

Let me put perspective of car audio. Both Bose and B&amp;O offer products and I had considerable exposure to them as consumer. Low end B&amp;O There are quite a few cars offering their speakers as an option for as little as £400-£600. They are appaling, sound is flat, no highs, no lows, they are not sharp, have no punch, I really couldn’t believe they have B&amp;O logo on them. Low class Bose They are slightly, just ever so slightly better than low end B&amp;O. Overall poor quality sound, flat, uninspiring, FM radio quality as I call it. Not worth the money. Middle class Bose Bose sounds really nice but sound quali 

Bose company, and partially B&amp;O too, have put a tremendous efforts in what is called “psycoacoustic research”. They sell very stylish and moderately overpriced products, that sounds TERRIFIC to occasional user, because they can squeeze so powerful and pleasent sound from so tiny speakers, using some sort of adaptive psycoacoustic response. This is able to overcome speaker intrinsic limitations and “simulate” a much more broad sound spectrum, despite the overall manufacturing of their products are on the “cheap” side. This is not “cheating” in my humble opinion, both BOSE and B&amp;O have achieved t 

The price of something is determined by how much somebody is willing to pay for it. If they doubled their price, fewer people would buy it, and they’d either have to lower the price or go out of business. There is a third option: make their products much much better than anyone else.Unfortunately, what something is worth to a consumer is usually decided more by advertising than by listening. B&amp;O - what a marvelous brand name! Has to be good…. Then there’s the matter of listening being subjective. What sounds good to one person may sound bad to another. A good example of this is digital vs anal 

Ridiculously expensive is relative. It’s not just price or “quality” — whatever that is — but how one’s favorite music sounds in the room where one listens to music…assuming that quaint exercise is of interest in a world of portable music. In between Bose and B&amp;O is a wide variety of speakers that are more than satisfactory — if the room itself is conducive to music reproduction. Hard and soft surfaces, speaker locations relative to listening position, use of an equalizer and listening volumes all determine the end result. That said, speakers are absolutely the most important part of any music 

It depends. B&amp;O is better built, higher quality and can be viewed as art. Bose just can’t be viewed that way. To my ears some B&amp;O stuff sounds reasonably good, some things don’t sound great. But even the good stuff can easily be bested for the same money. My wife owns Bose QC35 noise canceling headphones and I own B&amp;O H9i headphones. The B&amp;O’s sound better are vastly better built and use higher quality components and have a replaceable battery. The Bose are slightly more comfortable and have slightly better noise cancelling…so whatever is important to you I suppose. To answer the original ques 

What is cheap when you're poor and expensive when you're rich?
When you are poor, compassion is cheap. When you are rich, compassion is expensive. We are not rich by western standards, but we have food every day, 2 cars, we each have our own bedroom in our family and my kids go to decent schools, not the top private schools and not the worst government schools but somewhere in between. We don't have enough money to eat out and for holidays we go camping not skiing. We are not considered rich and we are not considered poor by most people. A guy who regularly does house painting for us, Michael, messaged my wife, he hasn't had any work for a few weeks, and sud 

When you’re poor: time is nearly worthless When you’re rich: time is expensive and worth money Many poor people tend to kill time rather than using their free time to invest in themselves which will allow them to grow wealthier. Poor people see time as not relating to money usually, and time can’t be traded for money. Poor people see their free time just to “kill.” Wealthy people make beneficial use for their future out of the free time they have. They view time as money essentially. It is completely fine to have some fun and to kill time, but it is important to use time management where you also 

Taxes. At least, in theory, taxes. Adam Smith wrote in the Wealth of Nations: “The subjects of every state ought to contribute towards the support of the government, as nearly as possible, in proportion to their respective abilities; that is, in proportion to the revenue which they respectively enjoy under the protection of the state.” Also: "It is not very unreasonable that the rich should contribute to the public expense, not only in proportion to their revenue, but something more than in that proportion", because a tax on "the luxuries and vanities of life [which] occasion the principal expens 

 Should Conor McGregor do his own chores? The man in the picture earned north of $30,000,000 in 2019 alone. Conor McGregor is one of the world’s biggest sports superstars. If he washes his clothes by himself, spending 1 hour of his time, he will save $20 on hiring a housekeeper. “LOL. WHY WOULD HE DO THAT! JUST PAY SOMEONE ELSE.” —you will say and you will be right. But wait… in one scenario, he will spend $20 and, in another scenario, he will spend $0. Why will anyone choose the former?! The reason is that we ignored the opportunity cost. In other words, we only looked at the money aspect of things 

Gotta go back to something as simple as … a dish of Ramen. When I was starting out - college, first job, second job… third job and a half…Ramen noodles alone went from $.10 a pack to $.33 cents a pack. MSG and high sodium be darned! (Hey, I’m still living!) Along with cup a soups and others, Ramen was my go to as well because I could add to it when I had a few more cents to make quite a good dish. Many a night I had Ramen and cut up hot dogs, hard boiled eggs, veggies, cooked it in turkey broth, chicken broth, etc. (Not all at once, btw…only could afford one ingredient or one broth to go in it) 

Education When you are poor, you are bound to go to public school for free. If you are very lucky, you may get to go to a private school on scholarship. Additionally, you should get a substantial scholarship towards university. Even with scholarships like the Pell Grant, If you don’t work through college, you’re still highly likely to end up in pretty significant debt, BUT the nominal amount you and your family pay will be dramatically lower then more well off families (that being said, it is worth pointing out that student from a truly wealthy family will have their tuition paid for by their f 

 From 6 a.m., the couple is the picture, without fail, I would see daily, they are there from sunrise to sunset and would pack up and leave before the municipality's officer passes by this spot to make sure that they are gone as these parts of Bangkok are homes for the rich and famous. How much is it worth to own Premier League football team Leicester City? On paper, Leicester City F.C. worths US$ 5.9 billion.How much do you think the OWNER of this Football Club is worth? It is beyond you and me to guess that not only the football club but also the founder, owner, and chairman of "King Power Dut

Just TIME (opportunity cost)  Poor = You can try out different fields &amp; stuff to find your passion, OR Can spend time to get good at a new profession (as apprentice) even if you are a middle aged person. Being apprentice in some thing fascinates you. For time spend on such stuff is sunk cost (never yield return if you don’t stick to a profession until gain mastery) but worth giving try as will turn you into a professional. Many of us finds in their middle age about the stuff we were born for and the talent enclosed in our genetic code, but by then most of us has a white collar job and a career to  

Joy. When you are poor, there are so many opportunities for a delicious little moment in life. Winning a $20 gift card, getting a free coffee at Starbucks, getting a $0.50/hour raise after only working at a job for a month. Those are all cause for a luminous bit of joy, hope that life is not so endlessly bleak after all. But when you are rich, those same moments either mean so little or have already been dulled in time. To someone worth multiple millions, $20 is not going to make any difference in his day, not even $200 or $2,000. Indeed, it may take winning a $20K or $200K prize to bring even a 

Entertainment. When I was poor, I had to entertain myself for virtually no money. Take the kids to the park: free. Attend a free concert: free. Watch the sunset: free. Sitting on the shore watching ships sail by: free. But that’s never good enough when you have money. The kids “need” to go to Disney. Movie theater instead of borrowing a dvd from the library. Tickets to the a touring music show instead of whoever is playing free in the park this weekend. 18 holes of golf instead of driving balls in the park. Taking the kids to the beach or the mountains on spring break instead of them sitting on  

Why are Emirates flight fares so expensive?
I was going to Kuwait from India via Dubai last year on 14th of November 2018. This was my Schedule, 3am from Chennai to Dubai6 am in Dubai and a wait of 2 hours there in Dubai AirportAnd again at 8 am from Dubai to Kuwait.The journey started, everything went smooth till I reached Dubai. In Dubai, I found that there is a severe rainfall in Kuwait. And due to that, all flights have been delayed for an unknown amount of time. Everyone was supposed to wait in Airport clueless of when their next flight is gonna be. But not us, not us Emirates passengers. We were immediately given coupons of Costa Co 

For some special qualities Emirates flight fares are so expensive which are given below; Emirates: Different from Other Airlines Emirates is a little different from other airlines. Just ask the loyal passengers of the Dubai-based carrier and they'll tell you the biggest difference is the pride Emirates takes in its luxurious air travel experience.  Even coach passengers enjoy individual seatback monitors with more than 600 channels of on-demand programming, phone and email service, plus complimentary cocktails with free multi-course meals. Perks for first and business class travelers include airpo 

I recently flew Emirates for the first time. Flying from O'Hare to Dubai then connecting to Delhi. The rest of my group chose Air India. It was a direct flight and considered more economical. I had heard Emirates was more luxurious and since this was the longest flight I had ever been on, I opted for paying a bit more. I also was warned Air India wasn’t all that great either. I recall the difference between Air India and Emirates was only a couple hundred US dollars. When I checked in the night before my flight out of O'Hare, as I always do, I checked the upgrade rates. You just never know what ki 

Top of the line has progressed significantly since the days when additional extra space to move around was viewed as extravagant.  From offering dinners by Michelin-featured culinary specialists to in-flight showers, the present top of the line experience offers far beyond it used to. One could consider it a top of the line inn in the sky. In any case, all that fly set charm comes at a lofty expense – as much as a 70 percent expansion in passages contrasted and economy, conceivably considerably more in case you're flying universally. The living space on "The Residence by Etihad". A noteworthy carr 

There could be many answers to that let's take a couple of scenarios Emirates is way too famous and they might've said “ohhh why not make more money” they could've done this for more money.Let's look at it in an economical way. Since Emirates is a very famous airline they could have a lot of demand for their flight, so the balance it out they add extra charges to discourage people to travel and in turn still have 100% customers and make the highest amount of money they can. (Why not?)A lot of Emirates aircraft are A380 (Airbus 380) and it's not always a good day with a complete 100% passengers 

This is why I find their fares justified, read on to find out about an amazing experience I had with the airline. It’s long but definitely worth it. I’ve flown with Emirates a lot, but my most memorable experience with the airline was my trip to New York in August 2016. The itinerary was Kochi-Dubai-JFK and we were a family of four going to the USA for a week long vacation. The flight from Kochi was an early morning one, which would give us around 3 hours in Dubai to catch our connection to New York at around 1:30 pm in the afternoon. We would touch down in New York the next morning 14 hours lat 

I as of late flew Emirates just because. Flying from O'Hare to Dubai at that point interfacing with Delhi. The remainder of my gathering picked Air India. It was a non-stop flight and considered progressively efficient. I had heard Emirates was progressively rich and since this was the longest flight I had ever experienced, I decided on paying more. I likewise was cautioned Air India wasn't too extraordinary either. I review the distinction between Air India and Emirates was just several hundred US dollars. When I checked in the night prior to my trip out of O'Hare, as I generally do, I checked th 

I got the chance to visit the beautiful city of Paris last year in 2018. It was a business trip which was arranged by a company my father deals with.Now a tech maniac like me did all the research about the fancy flights like Etihad and Qatar airlines which were the top end airlines in the business but we were booked into the Emirates Airlines.I didn’t have enough research about this flight and I was in for a surprise. Unlike the other passenger’s gates,our gate was well decorated and we had a red carpet running through all the way to the flight entrance!(Man this is some new shit)Never have I e 

1.Emirates introduced its hi-tech range of First Class Suites which feature virtual windows and video calling. 2.and travel planning platform Rome2Rio reviewed air fares for economy class seats around the world, showing the national carrier is among the expensive. The study shows prices per kilometre, with Emirates flights coming out at an average of $0.11 (Dhs0.40). The report covered 200 airlines, and prices for Emirates are similar to Singapore Airlines ($0.11), Cathay Pacific ($0.11), AirAsia ($0.13) and even easyJet ($0.19). 3.passengers can get reduced rate tickets to the Scottish destinatio 

Emirates flight ticket fares so expensive  You're arranging your next occasion and you're searching for the most ideal arrangements. A flight ticket, lodgings, vehicle rentals are exceptionally significant variables for you and your kindred voyagers, as your financial limits contrast. You plan your excursion to Barcelona in the late spring and your flight tickets are excessively expensive. However your companion, who ventured out to the Catalan city in the early long periods of spring paid multiple times as less. So you imagine that it is down to the way that you're going during the pinnacle trav 

If a business is struggling to make money, should they raise their prices to increase profits, or lower prices to attract more customers?
What is the logic behind Apple’s new monitor stand and its pricing?
What ridiculous food price made your jaw drop as a tourist?
What is the price of a garbage truck?
What is the most expensive sword in the world and what metal is it composed of?
How is SimpleTraffic pricing?
How do I remove a PayPal hold after a limitation?
Can I make a different PayPal account with the same information but different email address?
Is it a scam? Someone wants to pay for my translation services but he wants me to log in to his PayPal account &amp; send my payment to my PayPal account, saying he's too busy. Isn't it illegal? What can I do? I haven't gotten paid.
Its been 10 years since I started an online business using eBay accepting PayPal payments, but got limitations on the accounts. Can I now start selling on eBay and accept PayPal payments again?
Is it possible to withdraw USD 300,000 from PayPal business account every single day?
Why can't I link my PayPal account to my Lyft account?
What are the benefits of using PayPal, and what are the downsides?
Is there any way to set up a PayPal account from Pakistan?
How To Open PayPal Account From Pakistan On Your Name  Step 1: Get UK mobile number from “text me” or any other app or get any UK Physical sim in Pakistan with help of any UK friend, this will work perfectly fine on roaming in Pakistan and you will receive codes from Bank or PayPal free of cost even if it’s on roaming. Step 2: Find the UK address where you want to open a bank account. (you don’t need a unique address for this. 2,3 people can open an account on same address) Step 3: Download the “Monzo” app in your mobile and open bank account. For ID verification Monzo will accept your Pakistani p 

  Quick Steps to Make PayPal Account In Pakistan: Visit PayPal.com &amp; click the signup button.Choose Personal Account or Business Account and click Continue.Enter details such as your Country, First &amp; Last Name, Email address etc and click Continue. (Use the country of the person through which you’re applying for PayPal Account &amp; use his/her Mobile Phone Number)Click the confirmation link in the email you’ll receive from PayPal to activate your account.Once account activated, log into your newly PayPal account. Get free verified Paypal account in Pakistan Dec 16th, 2018 [P 

You can’t create a PayPal account in Pakistan, both logistically (PayPal) and legally (Pakistani Law). PayPal does not operate in Pakistan, because the Pakistani Islamic Banking Laws make it impossible for a company like PayPal, which makes money on marginal interest, to operate in Pakistan, and a number of Islamic countries. While you could, in theory, start your own PayPal-like service in Pakistan, I would be really challenged to come up with a viable monetization model for such a company, given the regulatory environment in the country. I suspect it would have to operate as a transaction broke 

It’s not to much difficult to create Account PayPal from Pakistan. You need take some step to create PayPal Account from Pakistan. I have explain below here. You need Virtual address, UK Phone Number and Pakistani Passport. You need Register Company in UK. You can find someone can help you.When you have Register Company. You can open Bank Account like Monzo or TransferWise.You need Virtual address for delivery Debit card.The UK Phone Number for OTP (One Time Passcode). You can buy from Vyke UK Phone Number.When you complete above list after you can create PayPal Account using UK RDP or VPS.488 viewsRelated QuestionsMore Answers BelowHow can I transfer cash from Pakistan using a PayPal account? How do I get payment in Pakistan? I don’t have a PayPal account. How can I transfer money from my  PayPal account to a bank in Pakistan? How do I collect PayPal payments in Pakistan? How do I pay using PayPal from Pakistan after setting up an account? Asim Khan, lives in Pakistan (2010-present)Answered 2 years agoOriginally Answered: How can I open a PayPal account in Pakistan?

In short you can’t. You will find multiple sources to get PayPal account in Pakistan but believe me non of them actually work. There are some methods that i can think of; 1- For PayPal account you will have to be a citizen of PayPal supported countries. 2- Ask your cousin, relatives or family members if they have nationality or they live in those countries. 3- Try 2Checout, they accept PayPal and they also support Pakistan 4-Bluesnap also accept payment from PayPal 5- Skrill and Payza are the best alternatives for Pakistani users 3.3K views · View upvotes · View shares71Sponsored by IDEO UWant to earn a certificate in design thinking?Gain a practical understanding of the design thinking approach through our foundations certificate.Learn MoreSameer Katija, studied at Government College University, LahoreAnswered 2 years agoOriginally Answered: Can I open a PayPal account in Pakistan?

There are many ways illegal ways but some how a single way is there if you want to make a pay pal account follow the link : Sign Up: Create a PayPal Account - PayPal Philippines Here go for business email and select your contact number us to Pakistan it accepts Pakistani number and also select your nationality to Pakistan I hope it will help you 8.1K views · View upvotes3Mehran Ashraf, Information Security Analyst (2019-present)Answered 1 year agoOriginally Answered: How can one create his PayPal account in Pakistan? Is it possible legally?

There is no legal way… only authentic and possible way is to find a trustworthy person anywhere in world… it would be best if you can find in usa or canada.create paypal on his name… after recieving amount in that paypal… transfer that amount to paypal account of any exchanger in pakistan and he will transfer pkr in your bank account. If you dont know. I canrefer you to few trustworthy exchangers… everyone has slightly difference in his rate 666 viewsEhtisham Sayed, Architect &amp; Mentor StratRiskAnswered 4 years ago · Author has 188 answers and 214.5K answer viewsOriginally Answered: Hello I am from Pakistan and I need PayPal account. How do I have?

Being a Pakistani resident you can always create a PayPal.com account but you can’t use it! The reason being any U.S. PayPal account is governed by a user agreement between you (the account holder) and PayPal, Inc. which means you must be a resident of the United States or one of its territories and at least 18 years old. Unfortunately PayPal is not available in Pakistan so being a Pakistani resident when you open a U.S. PayPal account you actually violate the user agreement. Sooner or later you will be ‘caught’ and your account activities will be restricted which renders your account useless! H 

Unfortunately no, Paypal is blocked in Pakistan. But there are other services that are on par with Paypal. I personally use Transpay, I have freelancers in Pakistan and they like that they can receive money so much faster than Paypal and Payoneer. What I like about it is that it really saves me money, I have had a lot of problems and been hit with fees when I used Paypal for other countries, but Transpay has been a blessing, no additional fees for me! 935 views · View upvotes1Peter Bangs, worked at Self-EmploymentAnswered 4 years ago · Author has 550 answers and 930.6K answer viewsOriginally Answered: How do you open a PayPal account in Pakistan?

If you can’t use your own information you need a VPS and some other stuff to get it done. You can find relevant information here Paypal it is pretty easy if you read what they actually write there! 974 views · View upvotes61Faisal Khan, Interact with bankers &amp; banking on a daily-basis.Answered 5 years ago · Author has 5.6K answers and 20.5M answer viewsOriginally Answered: Is there any way to setup a paypal account from Paksitan?

How do I pay someone using PayPal?
Will Revolut replace Paypal? Why?
