How can I find out who's stealing my lunch from the office fridge?
Going anon because certain people know who I am IRL and I don’t want them knowing my prank ideas. Not really an office one but when I was in university there was a girl called Gemma* in our flat who would use our food, drink, cooking utensils and cleaning products without telling us or replacing them. I was ok with this as Gemma usually did all the washing up for our flat so I thought ‘fair enough, she can use my crap’. I was the only guy in the flat however and the two other girls I lived with took exception to Gemma using their stuff. Gemma was Chinese so they put signs on all our cupboards  

Long time ago, in a city not far from here, I worked at a company that had a very good sneak thief. Lunches were only part of his repertoire. I'll get back to the food soon. His prowess was legendary and to catch him you had to think like him without being him. Difficult to say the least (to think like a thief but not be one).In his bag of tricks, he had a penchant for toilet paper! Yes, he just couldn't resist stealing toilet paper. First they would disappear from the rest rooms. When the owner caught on, there was only one roll IN said restroom but plenty more available. When he figured tha 

In the Australian mining industry we generally get our lunch meals supplied but have to assemble them ourselves due to the remote nature of the work (a casual 1500kms from home) so when someone with questionable morals is stealing your lunch it is that bit more ludicrous and amount more to “crimes of opportunity”. You also may be aware that all Australians are born holding a meat pie and it is an alternative currency “down under”  These are supplied in the mining mess hall to take for lunch albeit frozen. Upon arrival to work it is standard practice to put your pie in the “pie warmer” with your na 

Instead of asking “how can I find out who is stealing my lunch from the office fridge,” look at your situation from a different angle. I had this problem once NOT with someone stealing my lunch, but stealing my money to go buy a drink from the vending machine and I had to do without all day and I remembered that incident. I actually REPORTED the thief to the management and they KNEW who the culprit was, they even told me who it was, it was someone who was working inside the printing room and NOTHING was done about it. I tell you what, it NEVER happened again, I kept my money with me AT ALL TIM 

People here have suggested a secret additive such as hot pepper, spray paint, food dye, laxative, all not very food-like — possibly getting you in trouble with management or law. I have another one. Spilanthes. It’s more of a legitimate food. Go to a seed catalogue or ebay and order some seeds, grow the plant- it’s an easy one to grow, wait for the flowers- they're funny, pretty looking things- take a couple and crumble them up in your lunch. Not much flavor, and completely harmless- actually supposedly medicinal like a kidney cleanser or something- but they confer a disconcerting sensation of v 

This is my mother’s story (and she wants me to be anonymous in case of any potential issues) In a small doctor clinic, there was a food thief. Bits and pieces of lunches would be stolen from. Maybe a brownie, maybe a sandwich, maybe a snack, it was hard to predict what would be stolen from whose lunch. Over time, more and more would be taken. And the staff had been well-established for awhile with no new hires, making it hard to track down who was the thief. My mom and a few co-workers had enough of it. They decided to spice up their food. Nothing lethal like some other answers. Just sandwiches  

This is a spin-off to Keith Albert's (epic) answer to How can I find out who's stealing my lunch from the office fridge? In which Keith puts Carolina Reaper, the base for military-grade pepper spray, in an office sandwich destined for a five-finger discount. Years ago, I had a roommate who thought I was stealing his food. True confession: I did take an egg of his once. One egg. But I would have bought him two dozen in penance to avoid what happened next. He was pretty off his rocker in general and I was actually starting to wonder if he didn't have deeper mental issues. One day, I saw him baking 

Going Anonymous here half out shame for what I did and half out of concern that if he were too find out who did it to him he would hunt me down and kill me for sure. Don’t ever try this as it can go wrong oh so very wrong. My boss at the time was and probably still is a Grade a asshole who would steal anything and everything that wasn’t nailed down. Come to think about it, he would steal it even if it was nailed down, it would just take him a little longer. Now my coworkers and I where all starting to find parts of are lunch missing, sometime all of it. Come to find out it’s the office manager.  

I had this same problem. I am a nurse in an Emergency Room. My lunch was getting stolen on the regular. I wrote a note and placed it in my bag. “Whoever is stealing my lunch, please stop. I will catch you. This is a warning.” The culprit continued. It wasn’t every day. I noticed a pattern, if I brought PBJ sandwich, nothing happened. If I brought ham and cheese, it was definitely getting eaten. I tried making two, hoping to sacrifice one as an offering with a note, “I made one for you and one for me. Please leave me one.” The thief ate both and put the note in the sandwich bag. I was furious. Swo 

I just had to share this one. I didn’t get to see the shenanigans but I was told by a supervisor that watched the entire thing happen. There was a guy in our building that was a notorious food thief. We will call him “Jim” for simplicity sake. Jim did not care. He would eat any food that was in the fridge regardless of name, comment, or warning that was on the food. It was bad. It happened for a couple years with Jim and despite warnings and letters in his file he would not stop. (We work somewhere hard to get fired from unless you break the law most of the time) One day a co-worker of his snapp 

If you are the boss and one of your employees calls in the morning and says that they "didn't feel good" when they woke up that morning so they're taking a sick day, would you accept that excuse as given or would you probe for a more detailed answer?
As a teacher, what is the saddest experience you've had while on the job?
What's something on an employee's first day that sets off red flags?
Immediately following this incident: Toby Dillon's answer to What was the most legendary “I quit!” that you know about or witnessed? I had this one: Sexual Harassment Decades ago, I was a young man who happened to also be Assistant Manager for an ice cream shop. As the weather warmed in Utah, we determined that we needed to hire an additional worker for the morning/lunch shift. It would be the two of us from 10 am–6 pm. I had not met the new employee before, so my boss was there at opening to introduce us, but then hurried on to other tasks elsewhere, leaving us alone to start the shift. I set her 

I worked with a man, who, on his first day, came into my office, sat down, and proceeded to tell me about how he had recently been unfairly thrown out of an MBA program. I’ll spare you the details related to his story, all of which I fully believed at the time. One red flag should have been that he was taking up a lot of my time talking when both of us needed to be working. I soon learned that he never worked. He seemed to have no compunction about this, either. He generally hid behind others and let them do all the work for him until they complained to me, asking for my help in the situation. W 

Q: What's something on an employee's first day that sets off red flags? Showing up three hours late. First day on the job, most people would be excited, right? Most people would want to make a good impression. Most people might even scope out parking and such ahead of time so they don’t come in late. Well, back in the day, we were buying a large consignment of computers, so large that the vendor agreed to send us an extra hand to help get them all configured and deployed. Sweet deal. Everybody wins. Only this guy shows up late. Three hours late. Okay, well he’s a contractor, and that’s odd. I mean, 

My personal experience setting off a red flag My boss at the time told me about that during my first performance review and ever since then I learned to not do it again. Please keep in mind that this was my first job out of university so I was very naive back then. I was 21 at the time and was also was not completely thrilled by my first job either since it wasn’t my first, second or third choice for a job. This is what I said on my first day: I noticed that you worked at X Company before, it’s actually a company that I have been interested in working for, for a long time. However I was rejected  

I was a programmer. I had worked at a company I loved for 11 years. But, the system I had worked on was being retired, and I was tired of the 32-mile commute each way, so I was looking for a closer job using the same skill set I already had. And this new place seemed to be a great fit — 8 miles away, an insurance company. I interviewed with the head of IT, among others. The IT head was also a member of the school board, and a respected member of the community. He offered me the job, and I accepted. On my first day, I went through orientation with my supervisor, walking through the building, and  

 A new employee walks into the office at 9:00 a.m. sharp and gets ready to start his first day. He walks around a little to familiarize himself with the office layout, find the bathrooms, the break rooms, the offices, make some coffee, and meet his coworkers. Then he gets settled into his work station, arranging his new desk and setting up his computer. Now what’s wrong with this scenario? Most people will say, “Nothing. He’s doing everything he’s supposed to.” While it may be true that the employee hasn’t technically done anything wrong, he has raised a huge red flag. That’s because, while walkin 

I was really excited when “Tom” joined us as VP of Sales. Tom had come highly recommended from two of our board members that had previously worked with Tom. The rest of the board met with Tom and they were all enthusiastically thumbs up. I couldn’t wait for Tom to join us. Tom came into the office around 9AM. I met with him, and Tom told me, “Brett, I’m playing hurt. I have a condition in my knees, so I can’t fly.” I should have asked Tom, “Why didn’t you tell me this during the interview process?” But I didn’t. More importantly, Tom’s lack of openness with me was a red flag. I don’t think I would  

Good question! For a quick answer, look to the bolder parts. :)  Background: I work in construction for my town so a lot of the time we are out on busy roads blocking lanes or closing off one lane to work on the side of the road. This is very dangerous work so the employees who are working need to be prepared, alert, and ready to make fast decisions that could save lives. If one thing goes terribly wrong, it could mean injury or death. And since we all work very close to each other, it could be any random person that gets harmed (including civilians not involved in the job in any way). However, th 

Telling other people how to do their job better when you are still a new hire. I’ve seen everyone from entry level Millenials to VP level Baby Boomers fall for this one. It’s always an unwritten no-no and major red flag. You should NEVER do this even if you held that person’s job title before, are really smart and 100% certain you are doing them a favor by helping them out. Giving people you’ve just met advice always makes you look arrogant, even if you are right. More importantly, usually the new hire giving advice is wrong for reasons that are not immediately obvious and would take working in  

I’ve come across so many things that are red flags from an employee’s first day. Here’s my list of red flags: They show up super late (like 1–2 hours late) to new hire orientation without calling, texting, emailing anyone and casually stroll in and seem surprised they were supposed to be in the office at a specific time (despite having had a phone conversation + follow up email with the details)They suddenly tell you about some strange religious requirement they have that prevents them from doing some portion of their job. To be clear, not like normal religious things, more like completely made

What did the job interviewer say that made you NOT accept the job offer?
It was the whole interview, and it was more of a combination of “too good to be true", and a gut instinct which made me hesitate in accepting the role. I was 18, naive, inexperienced and had just completed my first year of training as an accountant. So altogether not very impressive at this stage: the first rung on a ladder of 5-7 years plus, about equivalent to 1 GCSE/high school grade - in other words still very green/junior. I'd been out of work and looking for a new job for a couple of months, and had applied for one which was a slight stretch for my current position, but I thought it might  

When i came back from Libya, my brother helped me to get a job. He met a woman in a night club - they were talking together and she told him: “I work in a job agency - send your sister to me.” When i arrived in the agency (i had sent my documents before by e-mail), she said: ”My boss wants to talk to you - sorry.” I went to the boss’s office. It was a “lady”. Why quotation marks? She did not even greet me, she pointed on a chair and started talking: “Why do you think you will get hired here in Switzerland?” I wanted to answer but she was on a roll: “I now tell you how people perceive your CV! And 

In my industry, there’s a vast shortage of skilled, experienced professionals. It’s not exactly difficult to get a job; even easier an interview. So, the companies compete need to put in effort attracting talent, especially the devoted nerdy kind who’s passionate about the code. Bossing applicant into submission.— ”Tell my why I should hire you.”— ”Oh, if you don’t know that by now, you probably shouldn’t…” [walks towards the door]2. Pushing responsibility onto applicant.— ”Tell me why you want to work here.”— ”I know to little for an informed decision but I was hoping that you’d tell me.” 

What did the job interviewer say that made you NOT accept the job offer? “Our devs normally work about a 12-hour day…” When I was still up North and looking for a way to relocate further South, I got a hit from a small younger company that needed a lead software dev for their dev group. The person on the phone was describing the software product as a database-backed “Business Intelligence” system (remember when people first started using the term “BI” and it was a buzzword?). Company structure was basically two tiers - the president of the company and everyone else. These kinds of environments ca 

At the conclusion of an interview for a company in need of a general HR Manager, I realized this was one of those great experiences where I hit it off with the General Manager and the other people on the hiring panel. We were laughing and sharing stories off the record and pens down. We clicked and I had a great feeling, which just intensified when the GM asked me to stick around so the owner could meet me. About ten minutes later, I stood up to greet a gruff-looking older man in a well-worn suit. He looked like an air traffic controller in the middle of a bad storm with fifty birds in the air, 

I was interviewing for a bartender position, at a very upscale restaurant. Usually, this position pays a small hourly wage, because it's going to be supplemented by tips, as well as tip out from the servers. The manager was offering a hourly rate much higher than normal, so I was really interested in the position. We went over my experience, my knowledge of spirits and wines, and the job seemed in the bag. We talked about my availability, and then, almost as I was leaving, he mentioned that I would only be in the bar for maybe two shifts a week, the other three, I'd be a server on the dining roo 

I was 25 and was already looking for a career change. I was grinding it out in the financial world and wanted to get in touch with my creative side so naturally I go the opposite way from being at a bulge bracket bank. I apply to a startup. I applied through my alma mater’s job portal which directly hit the founding team’s inbox. It was for a Biz Dev job that I knew I could do well in. The next day, I get an email asking if I would be available to come in for an interview that same week. I agree and was very excited. I like it when things are quick. I come in and enter the building to their office  

I’ll go one step further and describe an interview that actually led to me calling the HR executive team afterwards and warning of a lawsuit. I was interviewing at a large insurance company that will remain nameless. They had me come in to meet with the new sales manager. I was told they had been cleaning house, and this was the guy that would “save the branch.” Well… he was an idiot and knew nothing about sales, and I figured that out rather quickly. For those that don’t understand sales, or get a bad taste in their mouths just hearing about it, let me be clear that it is not an easy job, but i 

There were two instances of this happening. Both of them were while I had a job and was just looking to see what was out there, so there was no need to just take a job. I am an industrial mechanic/journeyman millwright with over 25 years experience. In the last 10 years or so, it has been an employee’s market, with more job openings than qualified applicants. It also must be said that this is an area of industry that is full of job hoppers. Experienced industrial mechanics can get another job in less than 2 weeks of searching and will leave a job for any reason and move on elsewhere. Having a lo 

I had been working as a software developer in a university research lab. I was getting really tired of what I was doing for a variety of reasons and thought it time to look for something else. I didn't know quite what I wanted to do, but conveniently I received a phone call from someone looking to hire a programmer for a big company that found my name somewhere. I figured it was worth interviewing even though it wasn’t a company I was particularly interested in working for. My previous jobs had pretty much fallen into my lap and I had no experience interviewing in a corporate setting. This was 

If you live in a car, but your job needs a street address, what should you put?
My Quora followers will be absolutely shocked at this post… no matter, I’m glad to share these things! When I lived stateside and was down on my luck I suddenly found myself living in my car with only my clothes to my name. How did this happen? Well, my wife had found a lover, one day I came home early from work and he was in my house and she wasn’t, so I had him arrested for breaking and entering! Actually, this is an exceptionally hilarious story that I’ll save for another post… Anyway, I promptly left the house and went to a hotel. Because my wife was angry at what I’d done to her lover she block 

One of the things that always got to me was the American obsession with street addresses. Many Canadians do not have street addresses, they have post office boxes. Many Canadians don’t live on streets, they live in the woods somewhere, or on an island with no roads. Many American companies didn’t seem to understand that. I have lived in towns where if you sent something to my street address, it would never get to me because the Post Office didn’t know where my street was. NO. Send it to the PO box. The Post Office will leave a card in my box. I’ll go and pick it up. I worked for a company that h 

I’ve never been homeless, but I have had a couple of employees who were. We always asked if they had a friend or family member who they could call and ask if their checks could be sent there. Most people had something to put down. For one young lady that didn’t, my boss and I ended up putting the address of my office (not the same as the main business address) and her first check was mailed to me there. I then took it to her when she got off work. Worked well enough, until she quit, and her last check was mailed to me again, but I couldn’t get a hold of her. One word of advice— though still to b 

There’s risk if the application says in some form that it must be an actual address (not a PO box) that you live at. There’s been a long pending California case where a restaurant worker who was homeless put down the address of an apartment building near where he typically camped out. A smart guy, he went so far as to take the bus from work, get off near that building and walk in. He would shortly after walk out a back door and go through some back yards to where he camped. His manager suspected he was homeless and so detailed a co-worker to follow the guy. He lost him the first time. The secon 

When I lived in my Car I used the center for women and children’s address. Most shelters provide this service to homeless people for free. They let me use my name and thier adress without putting it was a shelter so I wouldn’t be embarrassed about being homeless or look over by the employer interviewing me for a job. Don’t give up. I found a job while I was homeless so it’s possible. Being homeless it’s self is a full time job. Find a good shelter to take a shower at for free and if you can just stay in your car while you save for your first months rent. If you try to stay in a hotel while you 

Most will accept a PO Box, which are usually available at the USPS Post Office for reasonable prices. If they will not accept this type of PO Box, try a private box service, Fed Ex, USPS and a few others offer what is basically a PO Box, but as they are private services some of their locations will allow you to use their street address without the box number. They then hand sort your mail (if any) by your name instead of box number. Of course, ask before assuming the location will allow this. Beyond that are services that provide a virtual street address, these are a real address but all mail de 

Hello. There are many good responses here so you have several choices. I will focus on a slightly different point of view. Security. You have an absolute right to privacy. So get the Post Office box and use the street address for that Post Office as others have described. Then advise your employer that you will protect your right to privacy in Federal Courts if you have to do so. There are many reasons not to give out your address…you were a victim of a crime, you are divorced and being stalked, perhaps you were a witness in a criminal trial and fear retaliation, you live in a mobile home or ca 

We had a guy lived in a bus near to our home many years ago. He wasn't working and had post (mail) sent to the bus. To claim unemployment benefits you need an address when you live so far from a town (25 miles). We picked up his mail one day abs the address was …His name, Blue bus, street address, post code. The government department obviously accepted a bus as an address. Not sure if a car would work too. I would maybe try.. car colour, and then the street address when using a car address for a job. Lots of people live in cars, buses etc. 226 viewsJohnny CalabasasAnswered 1 year ago

You ask a friend, a church, the business where you work…you arrange a payment with someone to use theirs… I’m guessing you’re asking because despite many of these answers suggesting getting a PO box, California for some of its services (Unemployment, etc) doesn’t recognize a PO box as a “residential address”…so you need one. Walk around, look for a house or yard in disarray, ask the owner only for use of their address for mail in exchange for upkeep. Don’t ask or bargain for anything else. Get it done. I know how important it can be. If worst comes to worst, find an abandoned house or business an 

If you live in the United States, The UPS Store can be found in just about any town/city across the country, and they will give you an address that looks exactly like a street address, despite the fact that you’re just getting a PO box. It will look something like this: 1234 W. Arrow Lane, Ste D, Unit 135, Pamona, CA, 91077 But so much depends on what what you need the address for, and which state you are living in. Some states, like Georgia, require proof of residency for things like vehicle registration and state ID. In such cases, you can seek out the help of a homeless shelter. I know of one 

Can you describe a time that your company only discovered that you were irreplaceable after they fired you? How did you feel? What did they do?
I used to work for a small English training school in Hebei province, China. I wasn’t fired, but I learned while visiting my family in the US that my boss was intending to discontinue my contract after I returned. This was problematic, not only because I would be out of a job, but because, as an English teacher in China, I have a work visa and resident permit that would expire if my job contract wasn’t renewed or replaced. Also, I would only have one month left on my contract after returning from vacation, so I strongly suspected that my boss was hoping to use that desperation as leverage agai 

Well, not irreplaceable, but they did struggle after I left. Loads of Schadenfreude from my side. I used to work alone at the hotel reception on weekends, national holidays and when the boss and his sister, who shared their shifts during the week went on holidays. So, during the weekends I was the only one responsible for a hotel of 20 rooms. The first year it was alright with only a few minor issues, but those should have already told me that something was amiss. I had to be at the reception from 07:00 in the morning until 1pm in the afternoon. After that I had to be on call. Check-Out and Check 

Whatever job I’ve had since I left school I’ve given it 101% effort. Maybe not my first job or second job quite has much, but thereafter absolutely. I always tried to make myself indispensable, that way, I would be the last to be made redundant if it came to it. I started work in my third job at 18 working in a warehouse, but through hard work and people leaving the company, I was made in charge of the warehouse after just 3 years. I also had just one person to work with from 4 when I joined. So I had made the job for two people instead of four and I give it my all. Unfortunately though, the bu 

“Can you describe a time that your company only discovered that you were irreplaceable after they fired you? How did you feel? What did they do?” Well…. I encountered such.I was “the old one” in their architecture office. Me the first one which they associated hired (and who staid). Hereover in France there is a strong wall between architects and enginiers. Architects think that enginiers are good for nothing, just for to trouble them, for to hinder architects to make their beautiful work, their fabulous concepts, their magnificient projects.Well,sometimes some rare architects can grasp that 

Not irreplaceable just useful. I was freelancing for a defence company and my three month rolling contact was about to end, time to negotiate an extension, well that’s your agent’s job. Except mine didn’t so I had to. No problem the project is half way through and the client is happy with me. I negotiate a fair (to both parties) rate for a three month extension. I had a long weekend booked for a romantic trip to Paris at the end of the contract and explain to my agent that he needs to bring the new contract in for signing on the Friday. The romantic weekend was a disaster, I got food poisoning 

In 1988 I started working for a small electronics manufacturer. My childhood friend Gary worked there where his dad Johnny was a VP. Johnny was an asshole but he could see I was clean cut, respectable and a hard worker. I started out counting parts, moving pallets, and doing dumpster duty, I worked for a horrendous annoying bitch named Donna. She was about the most nasally, passive aggressive drama queen I had ever met. She made my life a living hell, but I needed the job. $4.85 per hour was almost 30% over minimum wage. So I put up with her crazy ass. This company had 30 employees and I was at  

How my boss realized I was irreplaceable: After leaving my previous job because my employers were dishonest, I found a new job as a purchaser for a real estate developer. We would find run-down houses to buy and then the developer would send work crews to rehabilitate the properties and then he would rent or re-sell them. My new boss had already hired a purchaser a few days before, but he decided to take a chance on me as well, hoping he could double his inflow of real estate. My new co-worker and I started work on the same day. My boss worked out of his home and there were 2 desks to choose from 

Maybe it would be nice to hear where a company DID realise you were valuable … I was working as a software developer for a large telecom company. Generally I didn’t have a huge amount to do, but occasionally I did - and there were no other software folk around. The company had written a truly awful call centre system (back in head office, in the UK - we were in Australia), and were trying to sell it. I looked at it, and came to the conclusion it was so awful, it was irrecoverable. (They eventually withdrew it from sale). So I thought, as a side project, I would write another from scratch, using m 

Hahaha something like that happened to me long ago. So, back then working in the IT world I joined a firm as a sort of an SME (subject matter expert). Their previous SME had left and they had tried to use the internal staff from the mainframe world to replace him. Needless to say, the mainframe guys were clueless about this new system and the previous SME was pretty much inaccessible. Further, the previous guy was a bit of a cowboy programmer and the system was a mish-mash of all sorts of technologies and what not. The system was breaking every day, clients were furious and they were going cra 

Well, I wasn’t fired. However, I found out that I was about to be replaced by a former employee, who was going to get paid $10k more annually and who was going to have fewer responsibilities. Needless to say I could see I was not valued. At that time I was working in a bakery that provided bread to about 150 local restaurants. We were a niche bakery that could provide these places with custom sizes of items, or proprietary recipes. I held numerous positions over the three years I was there. I had managed day and night shifts, managed production, filled in as a delivery driver, and so on; workin 

What is an open secret in your profession that we regular folk don't know or generally aren't allowed to be told about?
I am a poker dealer in a casino. Many people view dealers with a certain admiration. Their card handling and actions of cutting a stack of chips (from countless hours of doing so), in the case of poker, the ability to pitch (deal) cards directly into the players hands. The ability to quickly discern the winning hand, even when the players don't see it immediately, and the list goes on. But, there are many, many things going on that you don't see. First, casino dealer pay is crap. Here in Ohio, minimum wage for tipped employees is $4.35/hr. Dealers, as they learn more games, begin to earn a little 

I worked in computer security for 30 years; I developed the first managed modem “dial back” systems that were used to thwart hackers and spammers. I hold four patents in computer security, load balancing and fail-over. The way it worked in the old days was your modem dialed into the system and if your credentials were good, the system called you back on a number it already had stored in the database. Later, RADIUS systems would be attached for greater database size and speed. The open secret is that security is an absolute myth. The best system in the world using all the best practices and main 

i worked in veterinary surgeries for many years and if you saw what went on behind consulting room doors you wouldn't leave so much as your coat behind. When they whisk your pet away for treatment and ask you to wait outside until they are finished, they do this because your pet has been tagged as difficult and excessive force, roughing up, severe manhandling will be how they get your pet to be compliant. When your small companion pet needs to be put to sleep it is virtually guaranteed that you will not be present. Why? small furies have tiny, almost impossible veins that are very difficult to 

You know those extra parts in your Ikea desk that you spent hours searching for, the little lockwashers? Here’s the open secret: those damn things are useless, and the desk would probably have held together for longer if you hadn’t found them under the rug. To the untrained eye, split ring lockwashers look like they will dig in and keep screws from loosening, but in reality they are as useless as, well, I actually can’t think of an example of anything as useless as these things. Maybe as useless as the percentage of argon in the air we breathe? As useless as a horoscope prediction from ten year 

In the fitness industry we know two core “secrets”. There's no such thing as “targeted fat loss” and there's no magical rep range for hypertrophy and one for strength etc. It's bullshit. But regular people are so used to hearing all these marketing buzzwords that they think you need to do sit ups to lose belly fat and and bicep curls to lose arm fat etc. That does not a thing. At all. Your body doesn't count your repetitions and then adjust it's response accordingly. Lots of trainers use the reps = strength or hypertrophy scam because they know people are gullible and they want simple easy inst 

Most people have a very poor understanding of politics. Politicians hardly ever write their own speeches or come up with policies, plans, or ideas. They don’t have time and it’s not their job. Their job is to represent people and they spend most of their time meeting people and attending various boards and committees using briefs they have been given. Some read their correspondence and actually answer it. Most read it and then give it to someone else to answer who knows the way they think and what they want. Generally their staff pre-vet what they see. These speeches, policies,plans, ideas and a 

Open secrets in Water Treatment Unfortunately most people know little about water treatment yet do worry about the quality and safety of their water. Ignorance and fear are the perfect environment for quackery and fraud to thrive. For a living I design, set-up and analyze water treatment systems for special applications (pharma, photolithography etc..) and cooperate in the creation of high end systems for the professional and domestic market. There is little to no fraud in the really high end sectors of my business: our clients have the knowledge and the means to detect scams immediately and laws 

There is impenetrable salary ceiling you can’t break no matter what you do, how much money you are making for the company, how many people you already made millionaires in the past. This ceiling is closer than you think. It’s about 120k for nonmanagement position and about 125k for the management positions. It might seems like certain salaried people getting compensated “much more” than the rest of us, like doctors, for example. Or software engineers at Google. The reality of this is grim. Doctors pay 50% or more for malpractice insurance, working 100+ hours a week. Take this into account - yo

Customer support. YES your product is designed to fail, if it was designed to LAST, we’d go out if business just like a lot of people from the 60’s have.NO ONE that wants be successful makes a good product and backs it for life. They make a product that provides a fair value for the money you spend. 2. Having a credit card, pen and paper, and your correct model and serial READY BEFORE YOU CALL makes you a saint. THE CORRECT MODEL IS ALMOST NEVER THE BOX MODEL!!!!! 3. If the queue is over an hour and it can wait, make it wait. This makes your life better and allows us to process urgent calls faste 

I’m not a doctor but I used to work in healthcare. There were quite a few shockers, but one useful one to understand is: Generally when doctors give you a medicine, they don’t give you the best medicine for your condition, not best in terms of power and effect and not the one with the least side effects. Why? Well there are a variety of reasons, and it varies by country, but the primary reason is to save money, older drugs are cheaper than newer drugs most of the time, even if it’s only a few cents or pennies less (though if a drug is quite new it could be considerably more). Governments and in 

What should you say to a colleague if you see her wear the same shirt two work days in a row (Friday and Monday)?
There's a thing called a washing machine. It's this magical device that allows your dirty clothes to be thrown in along with some soap, and they come out clean in an hour! Then there's another thing called a dryer that you can throw your just cleaned clothes into, and they tumble around for an hour and get dry! Here's a little food for thought. There was a story following an Australian newscaster because he wanted proof that women's clothing is noticed more often then men's. This Australian newscaster decided to go a WHOLE YEAR wearing the SAME shirt and suit jacket to see how many people would not 

It's interesting to me how focused you are on this person’s clothing. I'm wondering if this is someone you like (like a crush), someone you want to humiliate or dislike in someway, (like a mean boss or co-worker), or if this is something you find yourself focused on in other settings. Even if she is wearing the same shirt two days in row, I also wonder what it is about someone doing this that feels very important to you. Do you find that you are generally focused on the appearances of others? Or perhaps focused on small details and feel the need to correct others around you? Was this something  

I work at a College, and we are occasionally given branded clothing. Now I have been working at the same place for 12 years, and I am still roughly the same weight. So I have by now a very nice collection of branded shirts and jackets, and quite a few of my shirts look exactly the same. I usually have a busy day at work, and I am on my feet a lot. The offices are generally old buildings - dusty and crowded, and full of places that can hook and tear or damage fancy clothing. Sometimes I even have to move heavy boxes and stuff. I also do not really work with the public - just my students and the st 

Another example of “Things women can’t do.”  Women are expected to wear “something different” every day (in jobs that do not require a specific uniform).  If they wear the same thing … they get judged.  They are either lazy, wearing dirty clothes, a “slut” (spent the night having sex, and so wore the same clothes the next day… aka walk of shame), or lacking in style. A man can wear the same suit every day of the week.  Same colors, same style, even the exact same suit … and no one notices or cares.  I dated a man who had five suits… all the same color and style, and 10 white shirts… exactly ali 

Has the overwhelmingly one-sided response to this question made an impact on you yet? There’s a simple reason why everyone has disagreed with your obvious opinion on this topic. Once you become an adult, and especially once you start working in the real world … that same sort of obnoxious middle-school behavior of not only judging another human being for stupid things like what they wear/how they look, but also of you feeling like you have some kind of “right” to go and tell them about it, TOOO?! ….. is just you being incredibly judgemental and just plain old RUDE!!!! Even if your coworker wears 

In addition to the things others said (there being two full days to do the laundry, the possibility of a strict dress code limiting options, the fact that people often buy more than one of something they really like, etc) I know I tend to wear certain items more often when I've gotten compliments on them, than items no one’s ever said anything about. If someone compliments the fit, color, or design of something I wear, I feel less self conscious, more confident, and better about myself when I wear it again. Compliments also mean that whatever item it was caught their eye. Especially in a cubic 

Absolutely nothing. First of all, its none of your business. Second of all, you do not know any details. When I lived in Europe, the Germans, French and Italians would buy only one or two outfits a year but they are expensive and of great quality. They buy for tailoring and quality, not quantity. The French do not buy fashion clothes but buy one or two pieces a year of high quality and then they accessorize with scarves, belts, or costume jewelry to give it fashion. I have worn black every day for over 25 years. When I like the fit and quality of a sweater, pants, or shirt, I buy 6 to 12 pieces 

You should say nothing. It’s completely irrelevant unless their actions are connected to poor hygiene which in turn has a direct negative impact on your work or their’s. For the past several years, I’ve been wearing essentially the same outfit to work almost every day. It’s a self imposed uniform of sorts. I manage a warehouse where I have to be prepared for both getting occasionally dirty or sweaty, but also have to be dressed appropriately enough to speak with clients who may show up unannounced. I’m not willing to spend the money required to constantly replace my fine clothing that may get d 

I have an interesting perspective on this. I’m from the US and i never wore the same outfit twice. I had 30 pairs of shoes and two over flowing closets of clothes. When i moved to france i donated almost everything, and kept my favorite items and a nice classy wardrobe for work. 6 months after i realized i STILL owned too much and purged again. I now have 4 pairs of shoes and a classy, chic capsule wardrobe. i even asked my friends why they rewore the same clothes all the time 1. because it is not dirty. I sit at work, i go home. Why would i waste energy and water cleaning something that isn’t  

Original Question: What should you say to a colleague if you see her wear the same shirt two work days in a row (Friday and Monday)? My Answer: First of all, you have zero business in saying ANYTHING to her about what she wears to work. It's none of your business, so do her a favour and say not one damn word about this. This may come as a surprise to you, but not everyone can afford a different outfit for every day of the week. I certainly couldn't when I was still able to work in my office job. 14 years later, I'm 47 and still can't afford many clothes and I never shop at boutiques. I go years wi 

Did you ever get an order from someone who had absolutely no authority over you? What was it and what did you do?
The only time I can remember this happening to me, the order was not only from somebody outside my chain of command, but also a lower rank and from a different country! During mobilised service on Operation TELIC in the Autumn of 2003, I found myself in a party taking a small convoy of leased white fleet 4x4s back to Kuwait for servicing and we stopped off in the American Camp Doha. Whilst there, I visited the PX and accidentally committed the heinous crime of trying to buy a couple of tshirts with the word ‘ARMY’ printed across the chest. Nowadays, one just goes on Amazon or eBay and buys anyt 

Yes. Well, I mean, obviously, otherwise I likely wouldn’t be answering the question. So, in undergrad I worked in housing and hospitalities at my University. My job was sometimes consistently at one place, but sometimes I’d work different places and different jobs every day, all over the campus. It wasn’t a great job, but they paid extremely well and they were flexible with my school schedule, so it worked for me. One time I was called in to work at a Starbucks on campus as a trainer. I hadn’t worked there in a very long time, but I remembered it well because I actually found it to be a fun plac 

My very first job. I was a dishwasher and busser at a local restaurant, kind of like a small town feel and mentality. When a waitress position opened ALL the other employees tried to get the owner to give me the job but the owner said he couldn't because he had heard how great I was at bussing and felt that the other employees needed me more in the position I was already in. Total bummer and not the last time I would hear that my work ethic would get in the way of advancements and potential work. So he hired this new lady who was, well let's just say a rude b*tch to all other employees except  

My business partner and I got a call to recover a 40 ft cruiser that sunk in shallow water a few years ago. We’ve done recoveries , 12–15 prior. We took our tug, dredge barge and a flat deck barge out to the site with the divers we hired for the job-certified hard hat construction divers (a 3 man crew). When we got to site and spudded down to secure the barge a small fiberglass runabout came out with two men onboard. They came along side us and one of the men jumped onto the barge and started barking orders and saying he wasn’t paying for three divers (which -3 man dive crew for this type of wor 

Ha! I love this story. My dad died when I was about 7ish. I don’t really remember much about him, but I do know the look my mom gets every time she thinks about him. It’s an instant flash of happiness, Nostalgia, and Tranquility. Not the usual look of, stress, or worry, or unease I’m used to seeing on her face most days. For the next couple of years after that, my mom didn’t date. Like AT ALL. The only male presence I grew up around was my older brothers, and my best friends. But then, one day, when I was around 12 (Very close to my thirteenth) and was coming home from track practice early, sin 

Oh, I sure did! I worked in a LARGE HR office. I was a new manager and soon learned I worked in a freaking snake pit. No lie -- these were women who would not flush the toilet on purpose. You have no idea how revolting this was at times. They would also withhold information needed by others and steal work off your desk. All sorts of shenanigans went on. One manager was a lazy, ass-licker, and sucked up to upper management regularly and I detested her from Day One (that's another story I already wrote about. It involved dogs). She was one of 5 managers in our Section so I had to deal with her fa 

When I was very young and stupid, I worked as a clerical and administrative customer service assistant for a family that was verbally, emotionally, and financially abusive. As a side note, I did finally escape from them, but they were so damaging to my confidence and ego that when I finally quit, it was like being in a bad marriage and I ended up in therapy for a year to deal with the psychological aftermath. In any case, it was not unusual for this family to force me to perform tasks that were clearly beyond the scope of my job description to avoid hiring contractors and save money. Instead of 

Oh man,I’ve been waiting for an opportunity to tell this story. I am a 64 year old,retired building contractor-carpenter. I was hired on with a small company a couple years ago that did remodels and restorations. The first day,I just hung a very large fireplace mantle then began stripping the kitchen out for a complete re-make when this kids walks into the house. I call him kid but he was maybe 24 years old. Steel spike earings, and piercings everywhere. Forehead,nose cheeks,etc Bald head and tattoos everywhere. He immediately began to check out my work and then blurts out’ “ This mantle is cr 

When I first moved back to FL from NYC, I picked up a job at a summer camp near my house. It was a local secret on a beautiful lake and all of the well off families sent their kids there for decades. Even the staff members grew up there. As an outsider, it was like high school all over again. Mostly, I didn’t mind because I’d never gone to camp like that, and I enjoyed doing fun activities with the kids. It was a relief from the city and so beautiful! My boss was a bit sketchy, and the pay was low, but the staff members were pretty chill and the work wasn’t hard. I was grateful to get back to  

I see over 100 answers here so I wonder if it’s too late to post. Here’s my answer, but I’ll have to explain a lot before getting to the two orders that I disobeyed and one my brother disobeyed. My brother was getting married in another state (Wisconsin) so the rest of our family went to the bride's family City of Milwaukee to attend. None of our (nasty) relatives went to my brothers wedding so all the other guests were of the bride's family. There is an US tradition that the Grooms family needs to pay for the out of towners formal dinner and the Brides family pays for everything else. So, my fa 

How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? I like my job and don’t have any skills or a degree. I live in Texas and I have worked there for five years at a senior retirement home.
The building on the left of my own is undergoing an upgrading. There are a team of bricklayers who have built a tall scaffolding, secured it with nets to prevent anything falling off, added more scaffolding all around the roof, added more nets, and now are going to remove the tiles, lay an insulating layer, and place new tiles. The building is ten storeys high, so they are working at quite a bit of height. For this reason, each worker must wear a hard had, wear protective boots and gloves, and has a harness with a lifeline, so that if they fall they will not crash to the ground. Besides, like  

How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? Because of conservatives, starting with Reagan conservatives. When Ronald Reagan took office, he worked hard to tear down employee protections, dismantle fair labor relations boards, and pass “employment at will” laws that allow employers to fire employees for almost any reason. For more than 40 years, American conservatives fought their asses off to pass these laws everywhere. “Free market!” they said. “Free market! No government interference in employer hiring and firing decisions! Free market! Free market! Get the government out of busine 

Do you know what at will employment is? That's what we have in Texas. That's what conservatives in Texas fought for and accomplished. They lied and lied and lied about how necessary it was for a business friendly state. They lied and lied and lied about how it was a “conservative" position because it was " business friendly.” They just didn't tell you who they were giving your rights to. They didn't tell you they weren't protecting YOUR rights, but the “rights" of non-human business entities. So you have none left. You gave them all away. You let liars lie and lie and lie to you that it was the Dem 

Your employer has a legal (and moral) obligation to provide a safe environment for all of his employees. He is ultimately responsible for the safety, health and welfare for each person in his/her charge while they are performing their duties. Would you expect your employer to allow an employee to rise from their desk, put on a blindfold, turn around 3 times and then fire a pistol in whatever direction they were facing? That would be nuts! Someone could die if this were allowed. I presume that the retirement home where you work has a kitchen that serves the residents. Would it be ok with you if t 

How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? I like my job and don’t have any skills or a degree. I live in Texas and I have worked there for five years at a senior retirement home. I like to dig into the background of questions like this to see who could write such a question and maybe suss out why. Sometimes they come from Quora’s self-inflicted blight, the question-generators who get paid for writing questions that draw lots of answers. That usually means that clever people with no integrity are paid to come up with questions designed to irritate people. Others are hopelessly self 

This question keeps coming up, almost troll like. The same “freedom” “merica” loving crowd that stormed the Capitol keep giving OUR non 2A rights away then complain when they..not the others..get hurt. You live in a regressive right to work state. You would see that if you had electrical power. You most likely voted for Trump. One of Trump’s first acts as POTUS was to deregulate the nursing home industry so your Bosses could make more money. And you less. Unskilled and no degree? Stop watching Mike Rowe too. The reason nursing home care is an abomination is because they hire people with skill set 

OK then guess what. Your employer has an obligation to have a safe place for their residents. You want to be free to risk the lives of the residents? Your employer isn’t going to go there. How can they do it? Easy. Texas is an at will state. An employer can fire you because they don’t like the way you tie your shoes. The GOP got in there and have essentially removed ALL protections for workers. So your employer can fire you for any little thing. This isn’t a little thing. You want to be free to risk the life of the seniors who live there? That would put their business at risk if one of their r 

Your employer has a legal duty of care to his staff and clients.Your employer has the absolute right to vary the terms of your contract, with appropriate notice.Your employer will take legal advice, usually from the firm providing his liability insurance.Your employer will vary your contract in line with that legal advice.It is entirely up to you weather you continue to work for him under the new terms.Let’s say your boss didn’t heed the insurers advice, let’s say one of his clients had a communicable disease that your boss knew about but took no steps to protect you from and you got infe 

I’m English and even I can answer this. You have the right not to get vaccinated just as your boss has the right to fire you without reason and without notice. He/she also has the legal and moral obligation, to protect everyone he/she employs, from harm. You have a right to put yourself at risk but you don’t have the right to put those around you at risk. Not to mention the fact that you work at a retirement home! The elderly are particularly vunerable…that’s why they’re getting vaccinated before everyone else. The vast majority of Covid deaths have been the elderly. Also, what is your boss go 

Nobody can force anyone to get a vaccine that’s not FDA approved (vaccines are licensed for use through emergency use authorization not FDA approval). So that’s not exactly what you’re employer is doing. What you’re employer is likely doing is telling you that they’re going to fire anyone who isn’t vaccinated. The distinction might not seem all that different to you but it’s the difference between something that’s legal and something that isn’t. Legal - firing people for any reason without cause including not getting a vaccine. You can thank Republicans for employment at will. Illegal - forcing s 

What is the fastest way you've seen a co-worker get fired?
Short version: Guy who worked there for less than a week got fired for stealing another employee's debit card information. Long version: When I worked overnights at a Holiday gas station, we would constantly have issues with getting people hired. So whenever we did get someone, they were effectively deemed irreplaceable, at least until a replacement could be found. Case in point, one of the (many) people hired and fired during my time there lasted several months. He was caught several times on camera stealing cigarillos, various other tobacco products, and food. This went on for a few months. Th 

I did NOT necessarily see a co-worker get fired- but one suddenly disappeared without anyone being aware of what happened at first. Back when I was working as a night crew stocker at Albertson's- this guy almost 10 years older than me had been hired to take the place of an African-American who had recently quit (because that one almost got fired for sneaking upstairs and taking naps while on the clock). That new guy acted okay at first- and then he all of a sudden started being a real jerk. He would get really “smart alecky"- and even started to mouth off at me while we were working. I came in  

I have seen 4 in my life: Flirting with a female collegue. Manager didn't like that. Asked the female collegue to email him, on their personal relationship. (Your employer must know, if you have any personal relationship with another employee in the organisation). The girl writes that this guy clings onto her, tries to woo her, and annoys her. On the basis of the email, the guy gets fired on the grounds of sexual harassment. 2 year later, we discover, the manager and the lady is having an affair. In fact, she got H1B as well, but at US immigration she gave some absurd answer on her “purpose of 

I've seen not one but two co-workers getting fired. It was in 2018, I was working in a BPO company. The company had an OT policy that anyone who's logged into the system for 11 hours will be considered as 9 hours of regular work, OT for 2 hrs and would pay you for that. Let me tell you, you've to be logged into the system, not necessarily be working and no permission from Team leader or manager was required to do OT. Technically you've to be working in those 2hrs also but since permission was not required from anyone to stay after shift this became a loophole to earn OT money without doing wor 

Back in my previous organization, there was no concept of firing. There were multiple projects and if you performed badly, you were released from the project. One would have to wait to get a call from a different project. While many wishes to get a release from the worst projects, to some getting a release is equivalent to getting fired and they don't want that for obvious reasons.  There was only one team member in my previous organization who stayed with the project ever since its inception. All the other team members have joined the project mid-way and needless to say, his experience had made 

Hello going anonymous because I am sharing my friend's/colleague's story about how he got fired [which happened last week 23rd march 2020] The fastest way of getting fired? Let me tell you what had happened. Let's call him X, he posted a description on linkedin that he is looking for a new job because in his current profile he was facing Negative team leaders, poor leadership, toxic work environment, no growth no promotions and nepotism/favoritism in almost every activity.He wanted growth in his career: he was the fastest, most knowledgeable and best quality worker, he wanted a better work culture

A friend and I were hired to work in a warehouse. Frank loved beer, if he wasn’t drinking beer he was eating Valium to calm his nerves. It’s our first day, the boss is watching us like he was in a guard tower making sure the prisoners didn’t escape. Had a shrapnel stare - went right through you. We were doing fine except that Frank was at the water cooler every 30 minutes washing down a Valium. Boss comes running over and wants to know what’s going on. Frank shows him a prescription bottle of Valium. He’s 26 years old and seemingly healthy. The boss is incredulous. I know we ain’t gonna last t 

There was a coworker that just started but had prior manager experience so he was getting trained for manager after a sort of trial period. This was at a Dominos. He finished his training and was then a manager. I just got this odd vibe from him like he had this big fake smile but it felt like he hated everyone inside or had bad intentions. I tried to hide it but one day he came bustling in with his high energy fake enthusiasm and then looked at me and said “what, you don’t like me devin?” I tried so hard to have self control. All i could do was just stay silent and try to look at the ground s 

It was happened in December 2019. We all joined in Wipro and in our batch contains one high experienced person too.  He was very excited about Wipro and he asked us to click a picture of him in Wipro campus and he posted in each and every social media he had. We all supposed to attend a 15 days mandatory training and during those time we all became friends and we exchanged our numbers too. His whatsapp status at the end of the day would be one pic of him in the Wipro campus . I hope he impressed that girl from his whatsapp status. But after entering into the project this all had happened. Wipro has  

Back then it was my first job at Chennai Metro in the year 2012 with a Singapore consultant who had strict adherence to safety and quality policy and had zero tolerance. Then we had a colleague called Sadiq Ahmed who was from Bihar who worked with Riyadh Metro and joined our company as electrical engineer. Now this guy had a habit of praying to god every 3 hours once. Since it was a consulting company we had off from Friday afternoon to Sunday. So before we proceed to leave the location on fridays our whole crew would inspect the whole of tunnel in trolleys and close the safety audit reports f 

What is the fastest way you've seen a co-worker get fired?
Short version: Guy who worked there for less than a week got fired for stealing another employee's debit card information. Long version: When I worked overnights at a Holiday gas station, we would constantly have issues with getting people hired. So whenever we did get someone, they were effectively deemed irreplaceable, at least until a replacement could be found. Case in point, one of the (many) people hired and fired during my time there lasted several months. He was caught several times on camera stealing cigarillos, various other tobacco products, and food. This went on for a few months. Th 

I did NOT necessarily see a co-worker get fired- but one suddenly disappeared without anyone being aware of what happened at first. Back when I was working as a night crew stocker at Albertson's- this guy almost 10 years older than me had been hired to take the place of an African-American who had recently quit (because that one almost got fired for sneaking upstairs and taking naps while on the clock). That new guy acted okay at first- and then he all of a sudden started being a real jerk. He would get really “smart alecky"- and even started to mouth off at me while we were working. I came in  

I have seen 4 in my life: Flirting with a female collegue. Manager didn't like that. Asked the female collegue to email him, on their personal relationship. (Your employer must know, if you have any personal relationship with another employee in the organisation). The girl writes that this guy clings onto her, tries to woo her, and annoys her. On the basis of the email, the guy gets fired on the grounds of sexual harassment. 2 year later, we discover, the manager and the lady is having an affair. In fact, she got H1B as well, but at US immigration she gave some absurd answer on her “purpose of 

I've seen not one but two co-workers getting fired. It was in 2018, I was working in a BPO company. The company had an OT policy that anyone who's logged into the system for 11 hours will be considered as 9 hours of regular work, OT for 2 hrs and would pay you for that. Let me tell you, you've to be logged into the system, not necessarily be working and no permission from Team leader or manager was required to do OT. Technically you've to be working in those 2hrs also but since permission was not required from anyone to stay after shift this became a loophole to earn OT money without doing wor 

Back in my previous organization, there was no concept of firing. There were multiple projects and if you performed badly, you were released from the project. One would have to wait to get a call from a different project. While many wishes to get a release from the worst projects, to some getting a release is equivalent to getting fired and they don't want that for obvious reasons.  There was only one team member in my previous organization who stayed with the project ever since its inception. All the other team members have joined the project mid-way and needless to say, his experience had made 

Hello going anonymous because I am sharing my friend's/colleague's story about how he got fired [which happened last week 23rd march 2020] The fastest way of getting fired? Let me tell you what had happened. Let's call him X, he posted a description on linkedin that he is looking for a new job because in his current profile he was facing Negative team leaders, poor leadership, toxic work environment, no growth no promotions and nepotism/favoritism in almost every activity.He wanted growth in his career: he was the fastest, most knowledgeable and best quality worker, he wanted a better work culture

A friend and I were hired to work in a warehouse. Frank loved beer, if he wasn’t drinking beer he was eating Valium to calm his nerves. It’s our first day, the boss is watching us like he was in a guard tower making sure the prisoners didn’t escape. Had a shrapnel stare - went right through you. We were doing fine except that Frank was at the water cooler every 30 minutes washing down a Valium. Boss comes running over and wants to know what’s going on. Frank shows him a prescription bottle of Valium. He’s 26 years old and seemingly healthy. The boss is incredulous. I know we ain’t gonna last t 

There was a coworker that just started but had prior manager experience so he was getting trained for manager after a sort of trial period. This was at a Dominos. He finished his training and was then a manager. I just got this odd vibe from him like he had this big fake smile but it felt like he hated everyone inside or had bad intentions. I tried to hide it but one day he came bustling in with his high energy fake enthusiasm and then looked at me and said “what, you don’t like me devin?” I tried so hard to have self control. All i could do was just stay silent and try to look at the ground s 

It was happened in December 2019. We all joined in Wipro and in our batch contains one high experienced person too.  He was very excited about Wipro and he asked us to click a picture of him in Wipro campus and he posted in each and every social media he had. We all supposed to attend a 15 days mandatory training and during those time we all became friends and we exchanged our numbers too. His whatsapp status at the end of the day would be one pic of him in the Wipro campus . I hope he impressed that girl from his whatsapp status. But after entering into the project this all had happened. Wipro has  

Back then it was my first job at Chennai Metro in the year 2012 with a Singapore consultant who had strict adherence to safety and quality policy and had zero tolerance. Then we had a colleague called Sadiq Ahmed who was from Bihar who worked with Riyadh Metro and joined our company as electrical engineer. Now this guy had a habit of praying to god every 3 hours once. Since it was a consulting company we had off from Friday afternoon to Sunday. So before we proceed to leave the location on fridays our whole crew would inspect the whole of tunnel in trolleys and close the safety audit reports f 

How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? I like my job and don’t have any skills or a degree. I live in Texas and I have worked there for five years at a senior retirement home.
The building on the left of my own is undergoing an upgrading. There are a team of bricklayers who have built a tall scaffolding, secured it with nets to prevent anything falling off, added more scaffolding all around the roof, added more nets, and now are going to remove the tiles, lay an insulating layer, and place new tiles. The building is ten storeys high, so they are working at quite a bit of height. For this reason, each worker must wear a hard had, wear protective boots and gloves, and has a harness with a lifeline, so that if they fall they will not crash to the ground. Besides, like  

How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? Because of conservatives, starting with Reagan conservatives. When Ronald Reagan took office, he worked hard to tear down employee protections, dismantle fair labor relations boards, and pass “employment at will” laws that allow employers to fire employees for almost any reason. For more than 40 years, American conservatives fought their asses off to pass these laws everywhere. “Free market!” they said. “Free market! No government interference in employer hiring and firing decisions! Free market! Free market! Get the government out of busine 

Do you know what at will employment is? That's what we have in Texas. That's what conservatives in Texas fought for and accomplished. They lied and lied and lied about how necessary it was for a business friendly state. They lied and lied and lied about how it was a “conservative" position because it was " business friendly.” They just didn't tell you who they were giving your rights to. They didn't tell you they weren't protecting YOUR rights, but the “rights" of non-human business entities. So you have none left. You gave them all away. You let liars lie and lie and lie to you that it was the Dem 

Your employer has a legal (and moral) obligation to provide a safe environment for all of his employees. He is ultimately responsible for the safety, health and welfare for each person in his/her charge while they are performing their duties. Would you expect your employer to allow an employee to rise from their desk, put on a blindfold, turn around 3 times and then fire a pistol in whatever direction they were facing? That would be nuts! Someone could die if this were allowed. I presume that the retirement home where you work has a kitchen that serves the residents. Would it be ok with you if t 

How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? I like my job and don’t have any skills or a degree. I live in Texas and I have worked there for five years at a senior retirement home. I like to dig into the background of questions like this to see who could write such a question and maybe suss out why. Sometimes they come from Quora’s self-inflicted blight, the question-generators who get paid for writing questions that draw lots of answers. That usually means that clever people with no integrity are paid to come up with questions designed to irritate people. Others are hopelessly self 

This question keeps coming up, almost troll like. The same “freedom” “merica” loving crowd that stormed the Capitol keep giving OUR non 2A rights away then complain when they..not the others..get hurt. You live in a regressive right to work state. You would see that if you had electrical power. You most likely voted for Trump. One of Trump’s first acts as POTUS was to deregulate the nursing home industry so your Bosses could make more money. And you less. Unskilled and no degree? Stop watching Mike Rowe too. The reason nursing home care is an abomination is because they hire people with skill set 

OK then guess what. Your employer has an obligation to have a safe place for their residents. You want to be free to risk the lives of the residents? Your employer isn’t going to go there. How can they do it? Easy. Texas is an at will state. An employer can fire you because they don’t like the way you tie your shoes. The GOP got in there and have essentially removed ALL protections for workers. So your employer can fire you for any little thing. This isn’t a little thing. You want to be free to risk the life of the seniors who live there? That would put their business at risk if one of their r 

Your employer has a legal duty of care to his staff and clients.Your employer has the absolute right to vary the terms of your contract, with appropriate notice.Your employer will take legal advice, usually from the firm providing his liability insurance.Your employer will vary your contract in line with that legal advice.It is entirely up to you weather you continue to work for him under the new terms.Let’s say your boss didn’t heed the insurers advice, let’s say one of his clients had a communicable disease that your boss knew about but took no steps to protect you from and you got infe 

I’m English and even I can answer this. You have the right not to get vaccinated just as your boss has the right to fire you without reason and without notice. He/she also has the legal and moral obligation, to protect everyone he/she employs, from harm. You have a right to put yourself at risk but you don’t have the right to put those around you at risk. Not to mention the fact that you work at a retirement home! The elderly are particularly vunerable…that’s why they’re getting vaccinated before everyone else. The vast majority of Covid deaths have been the elderly. Also, what is your boss go 

Nobody can force anyone to get a vaccine that’s not FDA approved (vaccines are licensed for use through emergency use authorization not FDA approval). So that’s not exactly what you’re employer is doing. What you’re employer is likely doing is telling you that they’re going to fire anyone who isn’t vaccinated. The distinction might not seem all that different to you but it’s the difference between something that’s legal and something that isn’t. Legal - firing people for any reason without cause including not getting a vaccine. You can thank Republicans for employment at will. Illegal - forcing s 

How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? I like my job and don’t have any skills or a degree. I live in Texas and I have worked there for five years at a senior retirement home.
The building on the left of my own is undergoing an upgrading. There are a team of bricklayers who have built a tall scaffolding, secured it with nets to prevent anything falling off, added more scaffolding all around the roof, added more nets, and now are going to remove the tiles, lay an insulating layer, and place new tiles. The building is ten storeys high, so they are working at quite a bit of height. For this reason, each worker must wear a hard had, wear protective boots and gloves, and has a harness with a lifeline, so that if they fall they will not crash to the ground. Besides, like  

How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? Because of conservatives, starting with Reagan conservatives. When Ronald Reagan took office, he worked hard to tear down employee protections, dismantle fair labor relations boards, and pass “employment at will” laws that allow employers to fire employees for almost any reason. For more than 40 years, American conservatives fought their asses off to pass these laws everywhere. “Free market!” they said. “Free market! No government interference in employer hiring and firing decisions! Free market! Free market! Get the government out of busine 

Do you know what at will employment is? That's what we have in Texas. That's what conservatives in Texas fought for and accomplished. They lied and lied and lied about how necessary it was for a business friendly state. They lied and lied and lied about how it was a “conservative" position because it was " business friendly.” They just didn't tell you who they were giving your rights to. They didn't tell you they weren't protecting YOUR rights, but the “rights" of non-human business entities. So you have none left. You gave them all away. You let liars lie and lie and lie to you that it was the Dem 

Your employer has a legal (and moral) obligation to provide a safe environment for all of his employees. He is ultimately responsible for the safety, health and welfare for each person in his/her charge while they are performing their duties. Would you expect your employer to allow an employee to rise from their desk, put on a blindfold, turn around 3 times and then fire a pistol in whatever direction they were facing? That would be nuts! Someone could die if this were allowed. I presume that the retirement home where you work has a kitchen that serves the residents. Would it be ok with you if t 

How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? I like my job and don’t have any skills or a degree. I live in Texas and I have worked there for five years at a senior retirement home. I like to dig into the background of questions like this to see who could write such a question and maybe suss out why. Sometimes they come from Quora’s self-inflicted blight, the question-generators who get paid for writing questions that draw lots of answers. That usually means that clever people with no integrity are paid to come up with questions designed to irritate people. Others are hopelessly self 

This question keeps coming up, almost troll like. The same “freedom” “merica” loving crowd that stormed the Capitol keep giving OUR non 2A rights away then complain when they..not the others..get hurt. You live in a regressive right to work state. You would see that if you had electrical power. You most likely voted for Trump. One of Trump’s first acts as POTUS was to deregulate the nursing home industry so your Bosses could make more money. And you less. Unskilled and no degree? Stop watching Mike Rowe too. The reason nursing home care is an abomination is because they hire people with skill set 

OK then guess what. Your employer has an obligation to have a safe place for their residents. You want to be free to risk the lives of the residents? Your employer isn’t going to go there. How can they do it? Easy. Texas is an at will state. An employer can fire you because they don’t like the way you tie your shoes. The GOP got in there and have essentially removed ALL protections for workers. So your employer can fire you for any little thing. This isn’t a little thing. You want to be free to risk the life of the seniors who live there? That would put their business at risk if one of their r 

Your employer has a legal duty of care to his staff and clients.Your employer has the absolute right to vary the terms of your contract, with appropriate notice.Your employer will take legal advice, usually from the firm providing his liability insurance.Your employer will vary your contract in line with that legal advice.It is entirely up to you weather you continue to work for him under the new terms.Let’s say your boss didn’t heed the insurers advice, let’s say one of his clients had a communicable disease that your boss knew about but took no steps to protect you from and you got infe 

I’m English and even I can answer this. You have the right not to get vaccinated just as your boss has the right to fire you without reason and without notice. He/she also has the legal and moral obligation, to protect everyone he/she employs, from harm. You have a right to put yourself at risk but you don’t have the right to put those around you at risk. Not to mention the fact that you work at a retirement home! The elderly are particularly vunerable…that’s why they’re getting vaccinated before everyone else. The vast majority of Covid deaths have been the elderly. Also, what is your boss go 

Nobody can force anyone to get a vaccine that’s not FDA approved (vaccines are licensed for use through emergency use authorization not FDA approval). So that’s not exactly what you’re employer is doing. What you’re employer is likely doing is telling you that they’re going to fire anyone who isn’t vaccinated. The distinction might not seem all that different to you but it’s the difference between something that’s legal and something that isn’t. Legal - firing people for any reason without cause including not getting a vaccine. You can thank Republicans for employment at will. Illegal - forcing s 

Should I quit when my boss is refusing to approve vacation time for an important trip I planned?
How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? I like my job and don’t have any skills or a degree. I live in Texas and I have worked there for five years at a senior retirement home.
The building on the left of my own is undergoing an upgrading. There are a team of bricklayers who have built a tall scaffolding, secured it with nets to prevent anything falling off, added more scaffolding all around the roof, added more nets, and now are going to remove the tiles, lay an insulating layer, and place new tiles. The building is ten storeys high, so they are working at quite a bit of height. For this reason, each worker must wear a hard had, wear protective boots and gloves, and has a harness with a lifeline, so that if they fall they will not crash to the ground. Besides, like  

How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? Because of conservatives, starting with Reagan conservatives. When Ronald Reagan took office, he worked hard to tear down employee protections, dismantle fair labor relations boards, and pass “employment at will” laws that allow employers to fire employees for almost any reason. For more than 40 years, American conservatives fought their asses off to pass these laws everywhere. “Free market!” they said. “Free market! No government interference in employer hiring and firing decisions! Free market! Free market! Get the government out of busine 

Do you know what at will employment is? That's what we have in Texas. That's what conservatives in Texas fought for and accomplished. They lied and lied and lied about how necessary it was for a business friendly state. They lied and lied and lied about how it was a “conservative" position because it was " business friendly.” They just didn't tell you who they were giving your rights to. They didn't tell you they weren't protecting YOUR rights, but the “rights" of non-human business entities. So you have none left. You gave them all away. You let liars lie and lie and lie to you that it was the Dem 

Your employer has a legal (and moral) obligation to provide a safe environment for all of his employees. He is ultimately responsible for the safety, health and welfare for each person in his/her charge while they are performing their duties. Would you expect your employer to allow an employee to rise from their desk, put on a blindfold, turn around 3 times and then fire a pistol in whatever direction they were facing? That would be nuts! Someone could die if this were allowed. I presume that the retirement home where you work has a kitchen that serves the residents. Would it be ok with you if t 

How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? I like my job and don’t have any skills or a degree. I live in Texas and I have worked there for five years at a senior retirement home. I like to dig into the background of questions like this to see who could write such a question and maybe suss out why. Sometimes they come from Quora’s self-inflicted blight, the question-generators who get paid for writing questions that draw lots of answers. That usually means that clever people with no integrity are paid to come up with questions designed to irritate people. Others are hopelessly self 

This question keeps coming up, almost troll like. The same “freedom” “merica” loving crowd that stormed the Capitol keep giving OUR non 2A rights away then complain when they..not the others..get hurt. You live in a regressive right to work state. You would see that if you had electrical power. You most likely voted for Trump. One of Trump’s first acts as POTUS was to deregulate the nursing home industry so your Bosses could make more money. And you less. Unskilled and no degree? Stop watching Mike Rowe too. The reason nursing home care is an abomination is because they hire people with skill set 

OK then guess what. Your employer has an obligation to have a safe place for their residents. You want to be free to risk the lives of the residents? Your employer isn’t going to go there. How can they do it? Easy. Texas is an at will state. An employer can fire you because they don’t like the way you tie your shoes. The GOP got in there and have essentially removed ALL protections for workers. So your employer can fire you for any little thing. This isn’t a little thing. You want to be free to risk the life of the seniors who live there? That would put their business at risk if one of their r 

Your employer has a legal duty of care to his staff and clients.Your employer has the absolute right to vary the terms of your contract, with appropriate notice.Your employer will take legal advice, usually from the firm providing his liability insurance.Your employer will vary your contract in line with that legal advice.It is entirely up to you weather you continue to work for him under the new terms.Let’s say your boss didn’t heed the insurers advice, let’s say one of his clients had a communicable disease that your boss knew about but took no steps to protect you from and you got infe 

I’m English and even I can answer this. You have the right not to get vaccinated just as your boss has the right to fire you without reason and without notice. He/she also has the legal and moral obligation, to protect everyone he/she employs, from harm. You have a right to put yourself at risk but you don’t have the right to put those around you at risk. Not to mention the fact that you work at a retirement home! The elderly are particularly vunerable…that’s why they’re getting vaccinated before everyone else. The vast majority of Covid deaths have been the elderly. Also, what is your boss go 

Nobody can force anyone to get a vaccine that’s not FDA approved (vaccines are licensed for use through emergency use authorization not FDA approval). So that’s not exactly what you’re employer is doing. What you’re employer is likely doing is telling you that they’re going to fire anyone who isn’t vaccinated. The distinction might not seem all that different to you but it’s the difference between something that’s legal and something that isn’t. Legal - firing people for any reason without cause including not getting a vaccine. You can thank Republicans for employment at will. Illegal - forcing s 

What is the fastest way you've seen a co-worker get fired?
Short version: Guy who worked there for less than a week got fired for stealing another employee's debit card information. Long version: When I worked overnights at a Holiday gas station, we would constantly have issues with getting people hired. So whenever we did get someone, they were effectively deemed irreplaceable, at least until a replacement could be found. Case in point, one of the (many) people hired and fired during my time there lasted several months. He was caught several times on camera stealing cigarillos, various other tobacco products, and food. This went on for a few months. Th 

I did NOT necessarily see a co-worker get fired- but one suddenly disappeared without anyone being aware of what happened at first. Back when I was working as a night crew stocker at Albertson's- this guy almost 10 years older than me had been hired to take the place of an African-American who had recently quit (because that one almost got fired for sneaking upstairs and taking naps while on the clock). That new guy acted okay at first- and then he all of a sudden started being a real jerk. He would get really “smart alecky"- and even started to mouth off at me while we were working. I came in  

I have seen 4 in my life: Flirting with a female collegue. Manager didn't like that. Asked the female collegue to email him, on their personal relationship. (Your employer must know, if you have any personal relationship with another employee in the organisation). The girl writes that this guy clings onto her, tries to woo her, and annoys her. On the basis of the email, the guy gets fired on the grounds of sexual harassment. 2 year later, we discover, the manager and the lady is having an affair. In fact, she got H1B as well, but at US immigration she gave some absurd answer on her “purpose of 

I've seen not one but two co-workers getting fired. It was in 2018, I was working in a BPO company. The company had an OT policy that anyone who's logged into the system for 11 hours will be considered as 9 hours of regular work, OT for 2 hrs and would pay you for that. Let me tell you, you've to be logged into the system, not necessarily be working and no permission from Team leader or manager was required to do OT. Technically you've to be working in those 2hrs also but since permission was not required from anyone to stay after shift this became a loophole to earn OT money without doing wor 

Back in my previous organization, there was no concept of firing. There were multiple projects and if you performed badly, you were released from the project. One would have to wait to get a call from a different project. While many wishes to get a release from the worst projects, to some getting a release is equivalent to getting fired and they don't want that for obvious reasons.  There was only one team member in my previous organization who stayed with the project ever since its inception. All the other team members have joined the project mid-way and needless to say, his experience had made 

Hello going anonymous because I am sharing my friend's/colleague's story about how he got fired [which happened last week 23rd march 2020] The fastest way of getting fired? Let me tell you what had happened. Let's call him X, he posted a description on linkedin that he is looking for a new job because in his current profile he was facing Negative team leaders, poor leadership, toxic work environment, no growth no promotions and nepotism/favoritism in almost every activity.He wanted growth in his career: he was the fastest, most knowledgeable and best quality worker, he wanted a better work culture

A friend and I were hired to work in a warehouse. Frank loved beer, if he wasn’t drinking beer he was eating Valium to calm his nerves. It’s our first day, the boss is watching us like he was in a guard tower making sure the prisoners didn’t escape. Had a shrapnel stare - went right through you. We were doing fine except that Frank was at the water cooler every 30 minutes washing down a Valium. Boss comes running over and wants to know what’s going on. Frank shows him a prescription bottle of Valium. He’s 26 years old and seemingly healthy. The boss is incredulous. I know we ain’t gonna last t 

There was a coworker that just started but had prior manager experience so he was getting trained for manager after a sort of trial period. This was at a Dominos. He finished his training and was then a manager. I just got this odd vibe from him like he had this big fake smile but it felt like he hated everyone inside or had bad intentions. I tried to hide it but one day he came bustling in with his high energy fake enthusiasm and then looked at me and said “what, you don’t like me devin?” I tried so hard to have self control. All i could do was just stay silent and try to look at the ground s 

It was happened in December 2019. We all joined in Wipro and in our batch contains one high experienced person too.  He was very excited about Wipro and he asked us to click a picture of him in Wipro campus and he posted in each and every social media he had. We all supposed to attend a 15 days mandatory training and during those time we all became friends and we exchanged our numbers too. His whatsapp status at the end of the day would be one pic of him in the Wipro campus . I hope he impressed that girl from his whatsapp status. But after entering into the project this all had happened. Wipro has  

Back then it was my first job at Chennai Metro in the year 2012 with a Singapore consultant who had strict adherence to safety and quality policy and had zero tolerance. Then we had a colleague called Sadiq Ahmed who was from Bihar who worked with Riyadh Metro and joined our company as electrical engineer. Now this guy had a habit of praying to god every 3 hours once. Since it was a consulting company we had off from Friday afternoon to Sunday. So before we proceed to leave the location on fridays our whole crew would inspect the whole of tunnel in trolleys and close the safety audit reports f 

How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? I like my job and don’t have any skills or a degree. I live in Texas and I have worked there for five years at a senior retirement home.
The building on the left of my own is undergoing an upgrading. There are a team of bricklayers who have built a tall scaffolding, secured it with nets to prevent anything falling off, added more scaffolding all around the roof, added more nets, and now are going to remove the tiles, lay an insulating layer, and place new tiles. The building is ten storeys high, so they are working at quite a bit of height. For this reason, each worker must wear a hard had, wear protective boots and gloves, and has a harness with a lifeline, so that if they fall they will not crash to the ground. Besides, like  

How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? Because of conservatives, starting with Reagan conservatives. When Ronald Reagan took office, he worked hard to tear down employee protections, dismantle fair labor relations boards, and pass “employment at will” laws that allow employers to fire employees for almost any reason. For more than 40 years, American conservatives fought their asses off to pass these laws everywhere. “Free market!” they said. “Free market! No government interference in employer hiring and firing decisions! Free market! Free market! Get the government out of busine 

Do you know what at will employment is? That's what we have in Texas. That's what conservatives in Texas fought for and accomplished. They lied and lied and lied about how necessary it was for a business friendly state. They lied and lied and lied about how it was a “conservative" position because it was " business friendly.” They just didn't tell you who they were giving your rights to. They didn't tell you they weren't protecting YOUR rights, but the “rights" of non-human business entities. So you have none left. You gave them all away. You let liars lie and lie and lie to you that it was the Dem 

Your employer has a legal (and moral) obligation to provide a safe environment for all of his employees. He is ultimately responsible for the safety, health and welfare for each person in his/her charge while they are performing their duties. Would you expect your employer to allow an employee to rise from their desk, put on a blindfold, turn around 3 times and then fire a pistol in whatever direction they were facing? That would be nuts! Someone could die if this were allowed. I presume that the retirement home where you work has a kitchen that serves the residents. Would it be ok with you if t 

How can my employer force the vaccine on me or fire me? I like my job and don’t have any skills or a degree. I live in Texas and I have worked there for five years at a senior retirement home. I like to dig into the background of questions like this to see who could write such a question and maybe suss out why. Sometimes they come from Quora’s self-inflicted blight, the question-generators who get paid for writing questions that draw lots of answers. That usually means that clever people with no integrity are paid to come up with questions designed to irritate people. Others are hopelessly self 

This question keeps coming up, almost troll like. The same “freedom” “merica” loving crowd that stormed the Capitol keep giving OUR non 2A rights away then complain when they..not the others..get hurt. You live in a regressive right to work state. You would see that if you had electrical power. You most likely voted for Trump. One of Trump’s first acts as POTUS was to deregulate the nursing home industry so your Bosses could make more money. And you less. Unskilled and no degree? Stop watching Mike Rowe too. The reason nursing home care is an abomination is because they hire people with skill set 

OK then guess what. Your employer has an obligation to have a safe place for their residents. You want to be free to risk the lives of the residents? Your employer isn’t going to go there. How can they do it? Easy. Texas is an at will state. An employer can fire you because they don’t like the way you tie your shoes. The GOP got in there and have essentially removed ALL protections for workers. So your employer can fire you for any little thing. This isn’t a little thing. You want to be free to risk the life of the seniors who live there? That would put their business at risk if one of their r 

Your employer has a legal duty of care to his staff and clients.Your employer has the absolute right to vary the terms of your contract, with appropriate notice.Your employer will take legal advice, usually from the firm providing his liability insurance.Your employer will vary your contract in line with that legal advice.It is entirely up to you weather you continue to work for him under the new terms.Let’s say your boss didn’t heed the insurers advice, let’s say one of his clients had a communicable disease that your boss knew about but took no steps to protect you from and you got infe 

I’m English and even I can answer this. You have the right not to get vaccinated just as your boss has the right to fire you without reason and without notice. He/she also has the legal and moral obligation, to protect everyone he/she employs, from harm. You have a right to put yourself at risk but you don’t have the right to put those around you at risk. Not to mention the fact that you work at a retirement home! The elderly are particularly vunerable…that’s why they’re getting vaccinated before everyone else. The vast majority of Covid deaths have been the elderly. Also, what is your boss go 

Nobody can force anyone to get a vaccine that’s not FDA approved (vaccines are licensed for use through emergency use authorization not FDA approval). So that’s not exactly what you’re employer is doing. What you’re employer is likely doing is telling you that they’re going to fire anyone who isn’t vaccinated. The distinction might not seem all that different to you but it’s the difference between something that’s legal and something that isn’t. Legal - firing people for any reason without cause including not getting a vaccine. You can thank Republicans for employment at will. Illegal - forcing s 

Is law school worth it? I am a criminal justice major in my junior year, I don’t want to be a police officer or parole officer etc because of the pay. I feel like it’s my best option with a crj major if I want to be compensated well.
Have you ever tried to quit a job but was then told you’re not allowed to due to whatever reason?
Yup. Just my last one. I was told I was free to quit as soon as a replacement was found. It was a small chiropractic clinic under new ownership and staff was limited. I simply worked in reception. I was told that they would need to find a replacement before they could lose me (mind you they had already found a replacement and reduced my schedule and hours to accommodate the new employee, amongst many other wrong doings). I’m in MN. It’s employment at will meaning I can quit for any reason or also be discharged by my employer for any reason. Luckily enough had occurred, such as wage withholding, 

yeah. lol. i had it with the absolute douches at this one company i worked for, and they had a ridiculously high turnover of staff, so after being sent an email from some manager i didn’t even know wanting to know “what the f*ck was i doing” after i had made a minor mistake due to not having been properly trained on what I was doing, i resigned without notice. i did it via email mid week. they then sent me a reply, quoting bits from their contract, namely that you werent supposed to just quit, that you had to give notice, and then they lectured me that i failed to follow this procedure. which i 

There was only one time that I tried this, and it was when I worked with my parents and one brother. I’m the youngest and only girl, I have two brothers, one is eight years older and the other is twelve years older than I. The brother this is twelve years older did not work with us so that part was good. I had been felt taken advantage of and I voiced my opinion about it many times. Dad didn’t want me to leave since he had to cut his own hours due to his health wasn’t that great. My mom didn’t want to increase her hours, as a matter of fact, she wanted to decrease hers, my father though, had  

Not quite quitting, but certainly not allowed to do any job elsewhere at the same military base. Almost a year before I last worked for the US military as a civil servant, I was in a meeting with the Division Head - my supervisor’s bosses boss. It was called because my supervisor at the time was concerned about my attitude: I had apparently been one of the few people to take any time off after being notified of a workplace shooting elsewhere on the base, saying that I didn’t feel I was doing anything useful anyway. My supervisor at that time was actually the best of the bunch in the years I wa 

nope. I’ve been pushed out of work from being bullied, fired from work from harassing me at work. I didn’t do anything to the people bullying me. They were jealous of my face, and third eye of a brain, and my heart of gold. I started noticing a pattern of harassment over, and over again. It fell in one of those catagories. They were either jealous of my face, and telling me I’m ugly over, and over again, and insulting me for no reason. I know they’re jealous of something about my physical appearance, and then it cleared to me it’s about my face. All I hear is I hate my face. I hate my nose. I’m not 

Employers often use dirty tricks on workers - especially entry-level and naive workers. There is very little concern on their part for your best interests. They are only concerned about the cost to themselves. It is remarkably expensive to replace a worker. When someone leaves, the work they did falls on one or more other people that may result in overtime payments or the work not getting done. The hiring process takes time and costs for ads. Once hired, the new hire must be trained and work for a while before they are as capable as the person that left. In all, this is a cost to the company. A 

I worked in a warehouse for a pharmaceutical company in my early 20s. I partied pretty hard back then — there was more than one night where I left the bar/club, went home and took a shower, and then went to work — but I worked as hard as I partied and within a year I was a team lead despite being younger than everyone else working there. I got to be friends with the warehouse manager and the general manager. I was single so the warehouse manager, an old German man, would invite me to Sunday dinner with him and his wife, and I played softball and volleyball with the GM and his friends. A couple o 

Sort of. But hear me out. I worked at a university for 8 years. The terms and conditions were amazing. The pension was the best in the country. I had annual leave coming out of my ears. The environment was mostly low pressured and casual. But I looked at the people around me. So many old men who’d been there 20 or 30 years. All practicing at work retirement. All comfortable, docile, institutionalised. I knew if I didn’t quit then, that would be me. One of them. Talking about the old days and the kid systems. So I handed in my notice with no other job to go to. I had to kick my own backside. And a w 

Not me but when 9/11 happened ALOT of officers and some senior NCO'S were not allowed to get out. It is called Stop Loss and it is basically gives Cart Blanche to the department of defense. A few of my CSM friends were told they could not retire at the height of the war. When I getting ready to retire from the Army I had to go see the BDE and division CSM to explain to them (in great detail) why I was retiring as they couldn't understand why. I was getting ready to turn 40 and they couldn't wrap there head around why I was doing it. When I retired from the Army I became a contractor. After 8 yea 

Thanks George for A2A. In fact when I found myself misfit in Canon’s agency in Karachi (in 1975), I knew they would raise hue and cry. I learned that Canon’s main office was ready to have a plan but after 3 years’ stay in Karachi. That was too much for me. I was too secretive. They did not know what I was up to. The boss Mr. Kamal thought they had their system of checking in place to deal with someone leaving prematurely. I did not have a written agreement (formal on stamp paper); only a letter was issued on company’s letter pad. They knew I was uncomfortable and not happy because of a number of 

Have you ever hired a candidate for a job and they turned out to be completely different than they were in the interview?
One young modest Asian woman, an introvert as well, was not only educated in the finest schools, but when we dined with her, after speaking kudos in several languages, she was requested into the kitchen and explained in at least 3 languages how they might cook things better. I was shocked at first, but seeing the wide smiles - it was a most memorable evening for all. They loved her suggestions, flow of languages and sheer intelligence, to say the least. That was the restaurant. However, previous to this it didn't flow so well, let's go back a few weeks… The rather long-winded, but good-souled, S 

Yes! I hired this guy; my boss and I both interviewed him. He was clean-cut, articulate, knowledgeable. We were suitably impressed and offer him more money than normal for the position. Our normal hiring date was two weeks in the future but he asked for four weeks because he had to give notice at his old job and then move from four states away with his wife and their four babies,who happened to be quadruplets . No problem. On the start day, this guy appears. He was disheveled and had longish wild hair, a half grown beard, and crazy eyes. He didn’t even sound like the same guy. But he claimed to 

Sure. One immediately comes to mind. I was the CFO of a general construction corporation and the manager of its subsidiary concrete plant; the guy I hired was for a driver position at the plant. — He was very polite. When you hire for a driver, beyond making sure the person has a good work ethic, you’re really looking for a valid commercial driver’s license (CDL). Nothing I did required any endorsements (like HAZMAT [HME]), but he had every endorsement possible on the most rigorous form of the TX CDL. — These are good signs but largely irrelevant. It’s akin to having a 2-yr culinary degree to  

Absolutely! I hired a woman for a first-level management position. Her resume and references looked good. Salary about $200,000. We’ll call her Judy. Almost immediately, she sought out a pair of malingerers who were already department troublemakers. We were in the process of converting from a paper-based data collection system in the pharmaceutical industry to a computer-based system. As part of the plan, we were bringing the work in-house rather than contracting the work to outside vendors. The two malingerers were trying to obstruct any change from occurring. After two weeks of orientation, I ga 

From my personal experience, talking to co-workers and current/former bosses, it takes approximately 6 months to figure out what kind of true personality, work ethic and skill potential someone has. Therefore I think it's really hard to see someone's true self in one 30 minute to one hour interview. So to answer this question yes I think many people have hired people who turned out to be completely different. This was the worst case that I had of hiring someone who was completely different than the way they presented themselves in the interview. This person was so different that I thought they h 

In the early 90s our Business unit needed an additional admin assistant (why, I do not know). The decision to hire wasn’t mine, and since I hadn’t filed a requisition I was asked to interview the candidates only as a courtesy and if I could fit them into my schedule. The candidates all seemed to be competent and experienced so I didn’t give the matter much thought other than could the candidate function in the role. I can’t recall any input but assumed it was of a thumbs up/down nature. I later learned in a staff meeting that one candidate was selected by the Senior Admin Asst (who doubled as ou 

 Totally! Me and my district manager were looking to hire an outside sales rep for a new territory out in Jersey. So, a local guy from that area comes in with a stunning resume and really great personality. It was an awesome interview, where we had some laughs, and he was telling us that he knew all these people who he’d be able to call upon immediately, and he had his own prospect list. The guy was a stud. Turns out he was a dud. First month, no sales, no new business. That’s fine, he’s just starting out. Second month. Still nothing. He’s just learning the ropes. Third month with no sales. Mmm… 

Yes, absolutely. And a little freaky. At Northrop Grumman a guy I interviewed came across as affable, trustworthy and eager. This was a very simple contract Receiving Inspection position and he could be taught what he might not be familiar with. First day on the job was an official orientation followed by a lot of forms completion and orientation videos. Next day on the job was mostly an orientation to the department after having received a badge and more forms from Security. Third day on the job was mainly getting acquainted with NGC systems (by observing someone else) and gaining some familiarit 

Yes, I hired one Trainee Engineer for Software Development (Java) in my team. The contract was for one year after which based on performance assessment I had the capacity to absorb the Trainee on a permanent role as Software Engineer. So during the interview the candidate put his best and I felt as a fresher out of college and without a job for a year he would accept the job offer with utmost sincerity and perform well. I went ahead and approved his interview and I knew there would some challenges to groom him. But it would be a 2 way bridge where he could do really well and grow and I can ment 

I didn't hire him because I am not a Hiring Manager, but I share the equal blame, I interviewed him and finalised his candidature. In my previous company, we had an urgent requirement for a Xamarin developer. Back then, Xamarin used to new technology, 8 out of 10 resume which I got from HR was filled with bogus/fake/insufficient experiences. But then I got this profile of Mr. Vijendra. What a resume it was, Top NIT guy with 10+ years of experience in Mobility, in bold letters it read “Won Microsoft Xamarin Hackathon”, “Certified Xamarin developer” et all. Naive me, didn’t even bother to ask him a 

Why are some new hires not showing up for the first day of work &amp; ghosting their employers?
Everyone is quick to say: “Generational”, “Immature", “Millennials”, “Gen Z"… and they're farthest from the mark. Coming from someone who's in the fray, rather someone who's been pink slipped with no prior warning or notice after being told countless times “You have job security.” and “You matter to the company.” It's simple payback. Most companies do NOT care about their employees. It's more about cutting costs and staffing so marginally thin and running their employees ragged from fear of losing their jobs. It has nothing to do with a “low unemployment rate" — which has more to do with people  

It is a mercenary society. The opposite view would happen when employees busted their rears with hard work and excellent performance only to be given a pink slip on a Friday at 5pm when everyone had already left for the day. Ghosting was done by employers long before the employees started down that track. I am not saying it is professional on either side here but we have to look at the whole problem here under the lens of business ethics 101. Businesses in Western civilization the majority of them do not engender loyalty because they show none. You are an asset on borrowed time until you become 

Q: Why are new hires not showing up for the first day of work?A: Employers gave candidates permission to ghost them by ghosting candidates. When you think about it, this is really a dumb question. Employers created this phenomenon with their own hiring practices. Employers like to sift through mountains of candidates looking for “perfect” workers instead of “good enough” workers. They also like to drive their workforce hard to squeeze the maximum economic benefit out of it rather than hiring a somewhat larger number of workers and giving them a more sustainable schedule. What candidates see is  

As someone who just very nearly did this, let me lay out the situation. I was let go from my job on Halloween, leaving me unemployed for the holiday season when it is notoriously hard to find jobs in my field. Luckily this was before the pandemic so our unemployment services were still functioning. Now, I saw this termination coming and had been spending some time in the preceding months filling out job applications, talking to headhunters, generally just trying to line things up, and as soon as I got home I put out a ton of job applications. It took 3 weeks to hear from anyone, which put me to t 

Early this year I was laid off with no notice, no severance. I didn’t know this was a thing that happened in oil &amp; gas, as many of my friends have been given very generous severance packages (3–12 months pay) when they’ve been let go, but here I am at my desk at 10AM on April 30 being told that I am being laid off as of the end of the month, all salary and insurance benefits will expire the same. We had been paid early that day at midnight, and that was it. No two weeks, and certainly no extended severance package. This was not just me, but all (two) engineers at my location. Needless to say, w 

Employers have been treating employees this way for a long time, so why would anyone be surprised that the tables have turned occasionally? How often have you applied for a job, only to not hear anything at all from the employer, except perhaps an auto-generated “thank you for the application”? Even if you make it past original application screening, you might be interviewed and then hear nothing. Maybe, months later, an automatic email will arrive telling you they have decided to interview someone else - when you know full well they filled the position last year. Or simply nothing at all. You do 

This phenomenon is baffling: I’ve been reading anything that’s posted online about the mysterious clusters of ‘offer abandonment’ — which tracks closely with information two of my clients passed on from their direct experience. At first, everyone blamed “lazy Millennials” — the reports suggested younger applicants would accept the offer and vanish forever. But when Amazon and Target were ramping up their seasonal hiring binge late in 2018, both had to scramble when their preferred seasonal employee demographic — historically reliable, hard-working seniors — unexpectedly exploded the typically m 

The problem is online applications for work. I know of instances where prospective job seekers post their job application and CV online. There’s no place to mention if you already found a job. Recruiters and personnel agencies go to these websites in search of potential candidates. The job market is of such a nature that employers are falling over each other to fill vacancies. Each day a position isn’t filled means potential losses. They offer higher salaries and benefits in an attempt to attract better staff. Since it is an employee’s market, duevto the low unemployment rate, recruiters are a 

I for one was kinda one of these employees. Back in September I started working in a retail business near to my home. At first it was once a week while my name was not on the roster. I got called by the manager who hired me to be told when I am in work. It went like this. Usually on a Thursday my manager called or texted me to be in on Saturday or Sunday. Anyway, I got in on a Saturday and during my shift I was told there was a facebook group and the roster was the week after is posted there. So I asked one of my colleagues to be added. I assumed I would be added sometime after work. Hint: I wasn 

Imagine this. You’re unemployed. You submit a job application to well over 200 roles you are qualified for,over the course of 4 months. Of those 70% or higher won’t even acknowledge your failure as a candidate. That’s to be expected. Then you get someone who says “we liked your resume a lot! We want you to talk to our HR person for a screen.” They like you as well! Let’s schedule a time for you to come on-site and meet with the team. You put on your suit or nice clothes. You meet with the team and you crush it. You nail every question you answered. You have thoughtful questions for them you wer 

In an interview, how do you answer "What is your desired salary?" without either seeming too cheap to be happy or too expensive to get the job?
Why do so many people with expensive degrees settle for low-paying jobs?
 “Settle” for low-paying jobs? You can’t be serious, Dude. There was a time in the US when you could get a great job if you earned a bachelor’s degree in “anything.” The catch is that JFK was president at the time. Thomas B Walsh's answer to Why do so many universities offer worthless majors? Most parents (and their students) are oblivious to how college really works today. In some ways it is hard to blame them. Colleges and universities have a powerful public relations team, pushing the message 24/7 that "college is for all." The team is made up of educators, guidance counselors, financial aid office 

Question: Why do so many people settle for low-paying jobs with expensive degrees? Answer: I have a degree. It was not from an expensive university. Also, every job I have ever had has been a low-paying job. I was born in Wyoming, in the United States. In 2017, I graduated with a bachelor’s degree in mathematics, and minor in computer science from a public university in Colorado. I work low-paying jobs because applying for mid-level and high-level jobs does not work. Every time I submitted an job-application, I received an email within seconds saying, “We have successfully received your application fo 

After college, people are still lost and finding themselves. We are honest, people are still kids at 18–22. People are still trying to figure out life. You do need to at least build some relevant skills, self-efficacy, and learn to work with people for at least 3–4 years as a professional. Unfortunately, cultures are telling everyone to get married and have kids. So you have to work, that can play a role in why people settle for low-paying jobs. Other factors include not having a sense of direction. Are not applying themselves. “Just get a job that pays the bills” is messing people up. They get 

This is based on a common misconception. Companies don’t hire people because they are highly educated. They hire them because either they are skilled or they are likely to become skilled. In essence they hire people because they are intelligent and functional. They want people who are likely to do the job to a high standard. That is it, that is all that matters. In the past only the intelligent went to University and only the really intelligent passed. So anyone with a degree would immediately get positive attention. Now though it doesn’t really help differentiate people, so it is pretty much i 

I have rarely seen so many bad answers to a question on here. Why do so many people with expensive degrees settle for low paying jobs? I can tell you some answers from a half dozen people I know who settled for low paying jobs. It was not because they couldn’t find high paying jobs. Nor was it because of student loans, which makes no sense given if that was problem, then they wouldn’t have the degree. Because they would rather have the flexibility of a low paying job to spend time with family. I’ve heard this one twice, from people with good degrees.Because they are flat out unmotivated. I’ve hear

Unlike most people who answered this question. I know what you mean. Let's start with tradition. As kids we observe habits our parents have and life changes generationally. What worked for your parents isn't necessarily going to work for you. We are told the importance of working and providing for ourselves and others. However, there aren't many that challenge the status quo. From 17 until now (29) I've had a different job in a totally different field nearly every year or so. I wasn't content and didn't want to settle. Back in the day, changing jobs frequently was more taboo, but if you've worke 

Because All degrees are expensive now, and student loans are predatory. According to this report, The average US student spends $25,396 per year to attend a four year college. To take out a total of $100k in loans means paying back $100k plus interest. I won’t explain the entire poverty cycle here, suffice to say that until you get a really well-paying job, the only things you’re doing in life are working a terrible job and paying loans.“Entry level” tech or comp sci job applications frequently require more experience than someone who has just graduated college has, and don’t pay very well for 

TL;DR: the cost of the degree is not a measure of the value of the person in the labor market. I think this happens because many expensive degrees are actually not relevant for real life jobs. I read recently an article about some Spanish guys that were not able to find jobs in their area of expertise, but their area was so small the number of graduates was many times higher than the market needs. It was something like marine biology, but there are many other similar areas. Another reason is that too many people pursue advanced (and expensive) degrees just to spend a bit more time of college lif 

There are 4 main reasons Because college education is not as good as it used to be. College for all is a big thing and has been for a couple of decades. That means alot of dummies have college degrees now. people tend to choose stupid worthless degrees. Anything in an easy degree/major probably will not pay well ever for the vast majority of people. People are told to study what you love or are passionate about. That is probably the worst advice ever if you want to make much money unless you happen to be passionate about computer science or engineering. How many art majors, English literature, c 

The person needs the money and has pounded their head against the employment wall for long enough to run out of either patience or money. Not every degree pays off. You need to learn to research both jobs and careers. I knew a guy who got a microbiology degree. The best he could do to get a job in his industry was lab washup monkey. He cleaned the place for about minimum wage. He left his “industry” behind and started doing something like selling cars. Overview of BLS Wage Data by Area and Occupation Database Administrators The second is there for an example. Every kid reaching maturity should be tau 

Why can't homeless people get a job?
Wow! Aren’t you presumptuous, now are you? Are you working or going to school? Take a minute to pause, and do a 20 minute meditation. Ponder this: You get off work at 5:00 p.m. and do some errands. Then, grab a quick bite to eat at Thai Blues, a Thai joint. A local band called Pink Possum is playing a dive bar at 9:00 p.m three blocks south of Thai Blues and you strategically planned eating there to be able to straight to the show thereafter. You saw a flyer on a telephone pole a few weeks back and wrote down on a scrap piece of paper the date, time, and location of the show. After the errands,  

Do you really think it is as simple as that? Let's think this through and then see if you still want tui ask this question. Most people who end up homeless had jobs and lost them. Because most Americans live paycheck to paycheck, when a person loses a job, they have very little time to find another before they end up hopelessly behind in bills. Look at the recent government shut down. Those people were out of work for just over a month. Two paychecks. Many ended up losing their homes, cars, having power shut off, being unable to get medicine and healthcare. Some were forced to quit their govern 

Probably for the same reason that a lot of college graduates aren’t getting work. Add to that the possibility of having to check that old box “have you committed any crime (saying yes does not disqualify you from … oh, who are we kidding, check this and you’re not hired here or anywhere else for that matter) I worked in the IT field, and there was quiet a bit of job turn-over. That is actually not unheard of in IT where people can move from job to job. But I actually held several positions that were “temp-to-hire” and I was even hired on-board a tech support call center and later, after busting 

It’s not that cut and dry. Its not that they cannot ‘get’ a job, it’s how do you keep the job when you have no place to live? This is harder to achieve than one might think. Always keep in mind that a truly homeless person will NOT want you to know they are. Also keep in mind that MOST people in this country are at least a paycheck or two from being homeless themselves, and it is NOT a good thought. One job loss, one lengthy illness, etc., can make you lose the livelihood that you once had. How do I know? I was homeless. To be honest with you, technically, I still am. It wasn’t the day to day deal 

The market economy works where people are hired based on demand for their labour. If there is no demand for their labour, then they are not hired. When someone is hired, they gain income, which lets them demand more. If they are not hired, then they do not demand more. There are 1000 people. 100 are homeless. The other 900 have stable jobs. Now, these 900 people produce their goods for the market. Because there are only 900 people with jobs, there are only 900 people gaining income. Therefore, the market is 900 people. 900 producers and 900 consumers. What does this mean? 900 people have incomes,  

It's diabolically complicated. To start with, in many countries, and certainly in America today, there is no obligation on the part of anyone to give employment and support to homeless people.  Many people try to do so out of charity, but that only reaches so many people, and there's only so much they can do.  In the normal functioning of the economy, there are major impediments to a homeless person finding employment and a stable living situation.  Trying to find a job without a stable address, clean clothes or a place to sleep or shower is a near impossibility.  No one feels obligated to t 

I was homeless for seven years. I was only unemployed for two weeks of those seven years, and that didn’t happen until *after* my rent had exceeded my monthly income and I became homeless. And yes - I WAS looking for somewhere else to live when my rent went up. Again. I simply did not ‘qualify’ to rent anywhere due to my income. The overwhelming number of homeless people I met in my seven years of ‘sleeping rough’ had the exact same problem I did. There was a HUGE disparity between our incomes and the cost of housing. Let me explain the ‘qualify to rent’ thing. In California, it’s extremely com 

Some can some don't want one. Two stories. The first is a woman I've known for several years and who has worked at a local fast food restaurant for the last five or six years. When I first met her she was outside the restaurant asking for change in order to purchase some food for herself. I think I had $1.50 on me so I gave her that, and whenever I'd see her if I had any change. It was hers. This went on for quite a few months until one Saturday morning when I pulled up to the drive thru window there she was. She had been hired by one of the managers who saw in her something more than just a panhan 

Many homeless people have jobs. Many of the jobs that are available today, do not pay you enough money for one to provide a stable living situation. A lot of times with jobs, you are treated as a commodity. As soon as it is more profitable to trade you in for another worker, many companies will do so. Also there is really no such thing as job security. If anything happens, such as getting sick or an injury, there's a good chance you will be laid off or fired. A lot of companies have no loyalty for their employees. Many treat stockholders better than their employees. Many employees are overworked 

Why can't homeless people get a job? Wouldn’t it be wonderful if we had the same technology as George Jetson in The Jetsons? Homeless people could jump on a conveyer belt, filthy, hungry, despondent and detached from society, then spit out on the other side bathed, groomed, manicured, fed, dressed, fulfilled, and reacclimated into society. We could program the conveyer belt to create a resume, set up 5 interviews, and coordinate transportation to and from interviews, with a briefcase full of resumes in one hand and a Starbuck’s White Chocolate Mocha with Soy and No Whip in the other. Yes, having 

Have you ever hired a candidate for a job and they turned out to be completely different than they were in the interview?
One young modest Asian woman, an introvert as well, was not only educated in the finest schools, but when we dined with her, after speaking kudos in several languages, she was requested into the kitchen and explained in at least 3 languages how they might cook things better. I was shocked at first, but seeing the wide smiles - it was a most memorable evening for all. They loved her suggestions, flow of languages and sheer intelligence, to say the least. That was the restaurant. However, previous to this it didn't flow so well, let's go back a few weeks… The rather long-winded, but good-souled, S 

Yes! I hired this guy; my boss and I both interviewed him. He was clean-cut, articulate, knowledgeable. We were suitably impressed and offer him more money than normal for the position. Our normal hiring date was two weeks in the future but he asked for four weeks because he had to give notice at his old job and then move from four states away with his wife and their four babies,who happened to be quadruplets . No problem. On the start day, this guy appears. He was disheveled and had longish wild hair, a half grown beard, and crazy eyes. He didn’t even sound like the same guy. But he claimed to 

Sure. One immediately comes to mind. I was the CFO of a general construction corporation and the manager of its subsidiary concrete plant; the guy I hired was for a driver position at the plant. — He was very polite. When you hire for a driver, beyond making sure the person has a good work ethic, you’re really looking for a valid commercial driver’s license (CDL). Nothing I did required any endorsements (like HAZMAT [HME]), but he had every endorsement possible on the most rigorous form of the TX CDL. — These are good signs but largely irrelevant. It’s akin to having a 2-yr culinary degree to  

Absolutely! I hired a woman for a first-level management position. Her resume and references looked good. Salary about $200,000. We’ll call her Judy. Almost immediately, she sought out a pair of malingerers who were already department troublemakers. We were in the process of converting from a paper-based data collection system in the pharmaceutical industry to a computer-based system. As part of the plan, we were bringing the work in-house rather than contracting the work to outside vendors. The two malingerers were trying to obstruct any change from occurring. After two weeks of orientation, I ga 

From my personal experience, talking to co-workers and current/former bosses, it takes approximately 6 months to figure out what kind of true personality, work ethic and skill potential someone has. Therefore I think it's really hard to see someone's true self in one 30 minute to one hour interview. So to answer this question yes I think many people have hired people who turned out to be completely different. This was the worst case that I had of hiring someone who was completely different than the way they presented themselves in the interview. This person was so different that I thought they h 

In the early 90s our Business unit needed an additional admin assistant (why, I do not know). The decision to hire wasn’t mine, and since I hadn’t filed a requisition I was asked to interview the candidates only as a courtesy and if I could fit them into my schedule. The candidates all seemed to be competent and experienced so I didn’t give the matter much thought other than could the candidate function in the role. I can’t recall any input but assumed it was of a thumbs up/down nature. I later learned in a staff meeting that one candidate was selected by the Senior Admin Asst (who doubled as ou 

 Totally! Me and my district manager were looking to hire an outside sales rep for a new territory out in Jersey. So, a local guy from that area comes in with a stunning resume and really great personality. It was an awesome interview, where we had some laughs, and he was telling us that he knew all these people who he’d be able to call upon immediately, and he had his own prospect list. The guy was a stud. Turns out he was a dud. First month, no sales, no new business. That’s fine, he’s just starting out. Second month. Still nothing. He’s just learning the ropes. Third month with no sales. Mmm… 

Yes, absolutely. And a little freaky. At Northrop Grumman a guy I interviewed came across as affable, trustworthy and eager. This was a very simple contract Receiving Inspection position and he could be taught what he might not be familiar with. First day on the job was an official orientation followed by a lot of forms completion and orientation videos. Next day on the job was mostly an orientation to the department after having received a badge and more forms from Security. Third day on the job was mainly getting acquainted with NGC systems (by observing someone else) and gaining some familiarit 

Yes, I hired one Trainee Engineer for Software Development (Java) in my team. The contract was for one year after which based on performance assessment I had the capacity to absorb the Trainee on a permanent role as Software Engineer. So during the interview the candidate put his best and I felt as a fresher out of college and without a job for a year he would accept the job offer with utmost sincerity and perform well. I went ahead and approved his interview and I knew there would some challenges to groom him. But it would be a 2 way bridge where he could do really well and grow and I can ment 

I didn't hire him because I am not a Hiring Manager, but I share the equal blame, I interviewed him and finalised his candidature. In my previous company, we had an urgent requirement for a Xamarin developer. Back then, Xamarin used to new technology, 8 out of 10 resume which I got from HR was filled with bogus/fake/insufficient experiences. But then I got this profile of Mr. Vijendra. What a resume it was, Top NIT guy with 10+ years of experience in Mobility, in bold letters it read “Won Microsoft Xamarin Hackathon”, “Certified Xamarin developer” et all. Naive me, didn’t even bother to ask him a 

Have you ever quit a job and walked out without giving any notice? What caused you to leave so urgently?
In an interview, how do you answer "What is your desired salary?" without either seeming too cheap to be happy or too expensive to get the job?
It’s one of the questions most interviewees dread: “What is your target salary?” It’s a simple question, but deceivingly so. Answering is tricky: depending on your number, the employer may draw conclusions about you being over- or under-qualified for the job, may only want to give you a fraction of an increase over that, or may feel that you aren’t within the range they are willing to offer. Because traversing this question is so difficult and sensitive—after all, your finances are a private matter—many employers and jobseekers disagree on how to go about this question. Of course, everyone’s si 

Never give the number first. (Warning) The right answer to the question, “What’s your salary range?” is almost always some version of “I’m not telling you.” The person who gives the first number sets the starting point. But if that’s you, you lose. If you request a salary higher than the range for the job, the interviewer will tell you you’re high, and you’ve just lost money. If you request a salary lower than the range, the interviewer will say nothing, and you’ve just lost money. So you can only hurt yourself by giving the first number. You want the interviewer to tell you the range for the pos 

This can be a tough question to answer. Pricing yourself out of the market or underselling yourself before you’ve even had the chance to interview, or learn more about a position, doesn't make any sense. I’m also a firm believer that your current compensation shouldn't determine your future compensation; the only things than should determine your compensation are: The deliverables of the role.What you can bring to the table.Conventional advice on how to tackle these questions tell you to deflect and hold your ground. This is fine but it often leaves the other party (the hiring authority) with a s 

In a negociation which involves money, usually the first person to mention a number loses. To wit: If a prospective employer asks you your desired salary and you give a figure, they have the upper hand because they now know 1) how much you want, and 2) the range that they are prepared to offer. If they agree to your number, you will likely never know whether you could have asked for more and gotten it. On the other hand, if you can get them to divulge the salary range for the position (sometimes as easy as asking, other times like pulling teeth), you now have the upper hand, and can negotiate  

This is one of the most misunderstood and challenging questions to answer in the job search process. It makes most people uncomfortable and so most people answer it incorrectly. I think the main reason it’s so challenging is that it’s misunderstood. I’ll start by suggesting that the question comes up many times during the job search process and your answer in the interview depends on the trail of answers you left leading up to the actual face to face interview. Did you fill out an application? Did you tell a recruiter what to say? What expectations have you set either knowingly or unknowingly up  

Recruiters are lazy. I’m a recruiter so I’m allowed to say we’re lazy. We’re lazy about pay for a reason. The pay for any job is dictated by what the hiring manager negotiates with the CFO for his/her opening. If you are going to get paid you need to negotiate like a CFO and not like an employee. Give a padded range “Mr. Barber, what exactly are your salary expectations?” (I’m imagining the recruiter has a sophisticated Aussie accent) “Gee that’s a great question? I’m looking to make between $150–200K depending on bonus structure and the business targets that have been outlined for the role.” Did yo 

If you couldn’t tell from the 100+ responses on this thread, you should never give a number or even a range. When they first ask, you should deflect the question as politely as you can. Try using one of these lines: “You know, I haven’t fully considered that yet, I’m just really excited about &lt;company&gt; right now and am really focused on these and other interviews.”“You know, I haven’t fully considered that yet, but I would hope the salary could be justified based on my performance and value.”If they press you and say that they need to know right now before you can move on, you can say: “I do know

As someone who has been through the comp discussion several times in interview situations, my personal guidelines now are:  1. During the interview process, I do not raise the issue of compensation unless I am directly asked about it. The reason is so that I can focus on getting the job first and foremost, then shift focus to comp only if I reach that point (i.e., I receive a job offer). This is really to help me focus on the interview process itself, rather than get distracted by comp when it doesn't matter yet (because I don't yet have an offer).  2. If HR or a recruiter or even the hiring man 

I answer it based on my experiences. In Indonesia we get it all too common for people ask us : what is your current salary. I will said that,it's not our obligation to answer that,in fact in US ur not allowed to questioned that. But if they're asking your desired salary,then here what i've done. We live on the information era, so better you sit a while to google it, what is the standard for this company with the job title that ur applied to.You have a comparison right,with your colleagues with your previous jobs,and so on. So start counting and start determine your worth. For example if i want an

The correct answer to “What is your desired salary?” is “legal". If someone wants to employ you but they are supporters of the Imperial Cult of Rome's Pedophiliac Retirement Plan (The Christmas/U.S. Social Security “plan” wherein children are gaslighted and told it is desirable to avoid being held legally accountable and that math is too hard to contemplate and the kiddos are forced to work as slave labor in a police state giving up their dreams and future possibilities to pedophiles who want them to never agree on reality/math because po-po and their patriarchal (pedophiliac/terrorist/math-ev 

What screams "old" in a job interview?
If you are the boss and one of your employees calls in the morning and says that they "didn't feel good" when they woke up that morning so they're taking a sick day, would you accept that excuse as given or would you probe for a more detailed answer?
Here’s how I handled those calls… plus the second half of this is a horror story of what happens when managers don’t believe employees when they call in sick. As a manager and later as a Department Head – including when I was Director of Human Resources for two different companies - if one of my employees called in sick, I accepted that statement “as is”. I would thank them for letting me know, ask them if there was anything I could do and ask if there was anything I needed to take care of or be aware of on their behalf while they were out. I then said something along the lines of “take care of y 

Writing from a smaller country so don’t want to break anonymity. I worked in a large office. We had plenty of people who took sickies. I have no doubt that they were sickies due to timing and rumours that come back but you can never be sure. A girl who had been a young but conscientious worker had started taking a lot of sick leave. This coincided with a new boyfriend. My fellow manager told me I needed to watch her as she was no longer reliable and was more interested in her boyfriend than work. I had not noticed any change but I was only part time so I took it at face value. One shift she came to 

I worked in the Leisure Sector in the UK and in every one of my jobs was in a Centre operated by the Local Authority. They are not now. In every single one of about 8 jobs, the policy was the same. I would normally ask with what, but they were not obliged to tell me. There was no such thing as Sickness Allowance, but I did know people in other employment who ‘had’ to use their Sickness Allowance for their vacation because they’d run out of Annual Leave. I found that unbelievable. All sickness was paid, dependant on their years of service (Thank God for the NHS). We did have abuse of the system 

While I don’t have employees, I do teach college classes and attendance is an issue. Here are my worst attendance stories: One morning while I was teaching, I looked at one of my students, a young woman from Viet Nam who had English as a Second Language. She looked really ill and I asked her if she was all right. She said she had the Chicken Pox. I asked her if she was contagious. She said the doctor didn’t say she was contagious. I went on teaching and looked back at her after several minutes. Somehow, she looked even worse. I asked again if she was really okay. She said, “The doctor didn’t say 

I used to work in a call center for a cable TV company. As is usual for call center, there was an environment that was based on wringing every last drop of work out of their staff. We weren't people, we were resources to be used and discarded. Here are three anecdotes from my time there. A nice older lady lost her voice on the phones. She wanted to go home and rest her voice but was pressured into staying by the managers. The next day she was a bit better but lost her voice again by the end of the day. And again. And again. She took a couple of days off and went to her doctor. They couldn't fin 

Unfortunately this is extremely common for my employees. I have learned to just accept it instead of trying to enforce a strict attendance policy and then I keep track of these incidents and once a pattern emerges I bring it to their attention and give them one chance to fix it. I never asked questions because employees who are faking it well mention something extremely personal or something that will make you sound like a monster for questioning. Keep very detailed records regardless because I was sued by a former employee who had the absolute worst attendance issues I've ever seen in my life 

I completely agree with Dianne Dawson’s answer, that it is not up to a boss or anyone else to judge whether the person is sick. I’m adding my own comments because sometimes you can’t even tell when looking at or talking to a person that they are truly feeling bad, especially if they don’t have obvious symptoms, like runny nose, watery eyes, etc. When I worked and sometimes had migraines, I hated to call in sick because I didn’t “sound” sick on the phone and was afraid I wouldn’t be believed. Here’s a sad story that shows a person doesn’t always “sound” sick. I had a friend in a writers group of 

I absolutely WOULD NOT question it or seek a more detailed answer. I ran a radio station- several actually at this point. Media people have silly huge egos, so it's actually quite an exercise in management. But my only response to hey Eric I'm taking a sick day has only ever been, awww damn bro sorry to hear you're not feeling well, feel better soon, get some chicken noodle soup dude. Tell (mention wife's name) I said hey. If you need anything, man, you know where to find me bro. That's it. Typical Eric Moore employee calling in sick response. Because really, let's think about it: From a busines 

For the first 15 years or so of my practice, my partnership had a very traditional type of leave policy. It was cumbersome and our in-house bookkeeper devoted a couple of days a month to payroll and leave administration for a small office of about eight employees, and another half-day straightening out mistakes, answering employee questions and fussing with the differences in tax treatment of different kinds of leave. When I went out on my own, I decided to do things differently. Before I hired a new staff person, I did a thorough local wage analysis, and set the pay for the position about 20%  

I used to give the day off - no questions asked. And to be honest, I never bothered if they reported it as a sick leave to HR. No point asking an employee to come in if they are not feeling up to it. I’d just ask them to login and check their mails if they could … and be available for a call or two, just in case (And I would always message them in advance if I wanted them to be on a call later on). I myself used to suffer a bit from what my boss called “Monday-itis” (He definitely was on to me), so I understood when that particular malady afflicted the 30 - 35 odd people who I was responsible fo 

“Boss, I can’t come to work today because…” What’s the best excuse you’ve given to get out of work?
“My mum took my passport” I was on tour with a husband and wife act a couple of years ago and there was a ten day break planned to coincide with ‘her’ birthday. The crew were given the option to stay in the hotel we’d had for the last show and spend the break there at the beach, or take a buy-out (cash equivalent of the hotel cost and price of travel to the next city) and do their own thing. A colleague of mine said he was going to fly somewhere in the Caribbean and spend time with his mum, who was senior aircrew for a large British airline and had arranged her rota to allow for a break in the su 

“Boss, I can’t come to work today because the damn fish wouldn’t die!” It was about 2pm when I realized I didn’t have any meat for dinner. I’d recently learned that I loved fishing - and was good at it - so I thought I’d pop by the neighborhood lake and catch a meal. There was still a few hours before I had to leave for work - I worked the evening shift as a waitress at the time. It was a great fishing day. A storm was coming in and I started casting right as a light drizzle came over the lake. I caught 4 fish in about 20 minutes! I kept the biggest - a 16” bass - and threw the rest back in. The l 

My husband’s boss told him that he set a new standard with a reason why you won’t be at work. “I can’t come in to work tomorrow, and I don’t know exactly when I will be able to, because a volcano erupted and closed the airport. We are stuck in South America trying to figure out how and when we will get home.” My husband and I went on a trip to Ecuador for a week on a working ranch in the Andes Mts for their annual round up. (Not a trip we probably would have gone on had I not won it.) We were 3 hours “by 4-wheel drive vehicle” - they were not exaggerating that part - outside of Quito. We didn’t 

My answer isn't as nice as the others honestly. Let's just say my social anxiety was reaching a very high point and I blacked out that day because of my mother. In high stress situations where I'm getting yelled at, I've fainted twice. The first I almost fell into my parents and would have slammed my head against a cabinet had my father not caught me in time. Anyways, I was having a very awful anxiety attack and just never wanted to go to school. My mom told me if I didn't go to school, I didn't go to work. However, I work for a very small business and had called out prior. There are very limit 

“I’m stranded at the front of my parking lot.” Many years ago I lived in south Austin, TX. When I moved into my apartment, there was a bridge that went across I-35 just south of Slaughter Lane. The frontage road that connected my apartment complex to each of those two crossovers was a single lane and had no other connections until Slaughter Lane. Well, the city knocked the bridge down. They were going to replace it. So that meant I had to go to Slaughter Lane. It was the only other choice. There were no roads sneaking out the back of the property to let me go south along the highway to join it e 

Every time I called out of work, whether for part of the day or the whole thing, if I gave an excuse at all it was the truth. A few years ago I called out because my dear cat was injured and needed to be taken to the vet. She was cut through to muscle 180º around just behind the shoulders plus a branch about 1/3 as long. I still don’t know how it happened, but they sewed her up, then later had to cut out a chunk and let it grow together on its own because of lack of blood supply. She’s been fine ever since; there’s just one spot less on her calico coat, and the fur in that area is thinner than  

This Monday (March 9) was my birthday. (FWIW, so far, 34 just feels like 33 with a receding hairline.) Of course, we “sprung forward” (lost an hour overnight due to Daylight Saving Time) Sunday morning. I also had a cold this weekend… not, like, a bad one, just one that was kind of annoying and had me a bit stuffed up with a slightly sore throat. Coronavirus, it was not. I think. I don't know whether it was the cold waking me up Sunday night, or a sleep deficit due to the lost hour (studies show that crashes the week after the “spring forward” go up due to fatigue), but I was really dragging Mon 

Well, these were genuine reasons, not excuses: I’m going to be late because my Grandad has lost his wooden leg.I lived with my Grandad and he found the prosthetic leg uncomfortable, so usually hobbled around the flat without it on. But he needed it when going out, which he was, and he couldn’t exactly bend down to look for it. He always called it a wooden leg so I got into that habit. I have to leave work because my dog has locked my daughter out of the flat.My dog had jumped up at the door from the inside, and pulled down the handle for the lower lock. My daughter, coming home from school, only 

“Boss, I can’t come to work today because…” What’s the best excuse you’ve given to get out of work? “Hi, Paul? I won’t be in today because somebody shot a cop” That was the two days after the Northridge earthquake. the day after the quake, I had already called an explained that I was taking an extra day because I was worried about aftershocks, and the freeways staying open. I was in Seal Beach and needed to get to San Francisco. For those who are not Californians, that is a long drive. About 7 hours long.  It is important to note here that the major route north-south through the entire state is I-5. 

Well I would not classify this as the best excuse more the most ridiculous excuse. I was working a supervisor for a market research phone bank. It was a 5:00PM- 9:00PM shift. At 5:01 PM I get a call from M (cant remember her name M will do for the story) to inform me she would not becoming in for her shift tonight ( if they know they are not coming in they should notify us along time before their shift starts) Why aren’t you coming in M (I knew M didn’t drive and maybe she tried ever thing up to the last minute getting a ride) Oh no that wasn’t it. She told me it was because of the rain. It wa 

What have people discovered while doing their job?
This is the story of 8 men whose lives were changed forever in a single workday: Yang Zhifa, Yang Wenhai, Yang Yanxin, Yang Quanyi, Yang Peiyan, Yang Xinman, Wang Puzhi and Zhao Kangmin. March 29, 1974 was a day like any other for the Yang brothers and their friend Wang Puzhi. They were Chinese farmers in the village of Yang, near Xi’an. They were digging a well in thick clay on the slopes of Mount Li with thier hands and crude shovels, when they came upon some pottery fragments and bronze fragments. The farmers were interested in the bronze; they supplemented their income by selling pieces of m 

Katharine Gun, a shy and studious 28-year-old who spent her days listening in to obscure Chinese intercepts, decided to tell the world about a secret plan by the US government to spy on the United Nations.  She had received an email in her inbox asking her and her colleagues to help in a vast intelligence "surge" designed to secure a UN resolution to send troops into Iraq. She was horrified and leaked the email to the Observer. As a result of the story the paper published she was arrested, lost her job and faced trial under the Official Secret Act. The memo from Frank Coza, the then chief of staf 

Let me tell you a little story about larceny… I was part of a group assembled to go to a large aerospace company in San Diego which was getting out of the business of supplying to our company some very large aircraft components which were, as they were completed, transported to Long Beach for inspection and assembly. Our group was assigned to recover all the tooling used in their process and transfer it back to Long Beach where it could be reassembled or, in the case of small flat-pattern tools, compiled into coherent groups which could then be incorporated into tool control responsibility. It w 

Radhanath Sikdar was working as the Chief Computer in the Great Trigonometric Survey office in Kolkata in 1851. Here, apart from his duties of the GTS, he also served as the Superintendent of the Meteorological department. Before joining the position, he had spent decades in the field, carrying out geological expeditions for measurement and data collection.  His superior, Colonel Waugh, had tasked him to perform calculations on the trigonometric measurement data collected for the snow-capped mountains near the Darjeeling region. One day, while working on the calculations for one of the peaks, th 

Julia Demsey (1856), born in the family of Irish immigrants in New York. She became a nun in 1878 and adopts the name Sister Mary Joseph. She became the first nursing assistant of Dr. William. J. Mayo. Soon with her skills, she became the nursing superintendent within 3 years. During her work at the Saint Mary's Hospital, she noticed most of the patients with abdominal cancers presented with a nodule in the umbilicus. Dr. Mayo published her observations in his paper and credited her. Later Dr. Hamilton Bailey named the periumbilical nodules seen in advanced abdominal malignancies as Sister Mary 

What about an invention that a 21st-century earthling uses 15 times a day on average? What about an invention that was very very accidental? What about an invention that two engineers invented on their job… (but they sure as hell were not looking for it)?  I give you the first version of the processor that powers close to 90 billion devices worldwide, including 98% of all the mobile phones. When I say the first version, I mean a processor that contained a mere 25000 transistors, compared to the 2017 version that had 5,300,000,000 transistors. [1]  When the designers of this processor, Wilson &amp; Furber w 

Surprised this one hasn’t already been described. In 1964, Arno Penzias and Robert Wilson were working for Bell Labs researching and engineering a radio antenna designed to detect signals from from satellites.  This work required them to eliminate all sources of radio interference and the antenna was particularly sensitive. But despite extraordinary efforts, there was a residual interference that they could not eliminate. Moreover, it seemed to come from every direction in near equal intensity. Around the same time, less than 40 miles away at Princeton, Robert Dicke, Jim Peebles, and David Wilkins 

What I discovered while doing my job was that it’s not enough to do well at a job and to earn “recognition” among a competitive sales force for doing well and over-achieving sales quotas. We invest so much of our time and energy on our jobs, so we must find some personal gratification in what we do all day and at the end of the day we’re proud of what we’ve done to help other people and to make a contribution to the lives of other people. While I’m grateful for the experience and the sales training I received while working at Xerox for ten years, it just wasn’t enough. I could find nothing socia 

When there are explosions and fires, our first reaction would be to flee. Not for firefighters.  Their first and foremost action would be to save people and douse the flames. All without burning themselves. How do they protect themselves? Through their clothes, of course. Firefighter suits have an outer layer of a heat-resistant fiber that has very high thermal degradation. This fiber is also lightweight and bouncy. Hence, it is used in ping pong paddles.  Its strong and durable. Formula One cars use this in petrol tanks to prevent rupturing of the tank on crashing.  It’s also used for panels and wings i 

Discovery of Cosmic Microwave Background Radiation (Afterglow of Big Bang or The Heartbeat of Universe). The story includes a big antenna, pigeons and two radioastronomers named Robert Wilson and Arno Penzias. It was year of 1964 and both of these radioastronomers were working at Bell Labs in New Jersey.They were looking for neutral hydrogen using a very sensitive radiotelescope. But they stumbled upon a very strange signal which persisted in their reciever.They thought it was anomaly being caused by pigeon droppings or some instrumentation failure. They went out and cleared the pigeon droppings  

What is an open secret in your profession that we regular folk don't know or generally aren't allowed to be told about?
I am a poker dealer in a casino. Many people view dealers with a certain admiration. Their card handling and actions of cutting a stack of chips (from countless hours of doing so), in the case of poker, the ability to pitch (deal) cards directly into the players hands. The ability to quickly discern the winning hand, even when the players don't see it immediately, and the list goes on. But, there are many, many things going on that you don't see. First, casino dealer pay is crap. Here in Ohio, minimum wage for tipped employees is $4.35/hr. Dealers, as they learn more games, begin to earn a little 

I worked in computer security for 30 years; I developed the first managed modem “dial back” systems that were used to thwart hackers and spammers. I hold four patents in computer security, load balancing and fail-over. The way it worked in the old days was your modem dialed into the system and if your credentials were good, the system called you back on a number it already had stored in the database. Later, RADIUS systems would be attached for greater database size and speed. The open secret is that security is an absolute myth. The best system in the world using all the best practices and main 

i worked in veterinary surgeries for many years and if you saw what went on behind consulting room doors you wouldn't leave so much as your coat behind. When they whisk your pet away for treatment and ask you to wait outside until they are finished, they do this because your pet has been tagged as difficult and excessive force, roughing up, severe manhandling will be how they get your pet to be compliant. When your small companion pet needs to be put to sleep it is virtually guaranteed that you will not be present. Why? small furies have tiny, almost impossible veins that are very difficult to 

You know those extra parts in your Ikea desk that you spent hours searching for, the little lockwashers? Here’s the open secret: those damn things are useless, and the desk would probably have held together for longer if you hadn’t found them under the rug. To the untrained eye, split ring lockwashers look like they will dig in and keep screws from loosening, but in reality they are as useless as, well, I actually can’t think of an example of anything as useless as these things. Maybe as useless as the percentage of argon in the air we breathe? As useless as a horoscope prediction from ten year 

In the fitness industry we know two core “secrets”. There's no such thing as “targeted fat loss” and there's no magical rep range for hypertrophy and one for strength etc. It's bullshit. But regular people are so used to hearing all these marketing buzzwords that they think you need to do sit ups to lose belly fat and and bicep curls to lose arm fat etc. That does not a thing. At all. Your body doesn't count your repetitions and then adjust it's response accordingly. Lots of trainers use the reps = strength or hypertrophy scam because they know people are gullible and they want simple easy inst 

Most people have a very poor understanding of politics. Politicians hardly ever write their own speeches or come up with policies, plans, or ideas. They don’t have time and it’s not their job. Their job is to represent people and they spend most of their time meeting people and attending various boards and committees using briefs they have been given. Some read their correspondence and actually answer it. Most read it and then give it to someone else to answer who knows the way they think and what they want. Generally their staff pre-vet what they see. These speeches, policies,plans, ideas and a 

Open secrets in Water Treatment Unfortunately most people know little about water treatment yet do worry about the quality and safety of their water. Ignorance and fear are the perfect environment for quackery and fraud to thrive. For a living I design, set-up and analyze water treatment systems for special applications (pharma, photolithography etc..) and cooperate in the creation of high end systems for the professional and domestic market. There is little to no fraud in the really high end sectors of my business: our clients have the knowledge and the means to detect scams immediately and laws 

There is impenetrable salary ceiling you can’t break no matter what you do, how much money you are making for the company, how many people you already made millionaires in the past. This ceiling is closer than you think. It’s about 120k for nonmanagement position and about 125k for the management positions. It might seems like certain salaried people getting compensated “much more” than the rest of us, like doctors, for example. Or software engineers at Google. The reality of this is grim. Doctors pay 50% or more for malpractice insurance, working 100+ hours a week. Take this into account - yo

Customer support. YES your product is designed to fail, if it was designed to LAST, we’d go out if business just like a lot of people from the 60’s have.NO ONE that wants be successful makes a good product and backs it for life. They make a product that provides a fair value for the money you spend. 2. Having a credit card, pen and paper, and your correct model and serial READY BEFORE YOU CALL makes you a saint. THE CORRECT MODEL IS ALMOST NEVER THE BOX MODEL!!!!! 3. If the queue is over an hour and it can wait, make it wait. This makes your life better and allows us to process urgent calls faste 

I’m not a doctor but I used to work in healthcare. There were quite a few shockers, but one useful one to understand is: Generally when doctors give you a medicine, they don’t give you the best medicine for your condition, not best in terms of power and effect and not the one with the least side effects. Why? Well there are a variety of reasons, and it varies by country, but the primary reason is to save money, older drugs are cheaper than newer drugs most of the time, even if it’s only a few cents or pennies less (though if a drug is quite new it could be considerably more). Governments and in 

What is the rudest/meanest thing a coworker has ever said or done to you?
Some years ago I had a temporary position in a library. It was an Asian library needing someone fluent in English and one or more of Chinese, Japanese or Korean. I am not, but I have a library sciences degree, so I would do for the interim. One day a Chinese woman barged in off the street and demanded a volunteer position. Got it. This lasted a month at which point she demanded paid temporary employment. Got it. Then demanded a permanent job. Got it. She was horrible, but the supervisor loved her to pieces. I was kept on to be her “Google Assistant" to help her basically learn what they teach yo 

So many little things that finally culminated in a confrontation, with a witness, then my reputation being savaged at the school I worked at. She was a fragile malignant narcissist. There were two other narcissists, too, at that same school, one a rather benign narcissist (just self-involved and a book/supply hoarder). Both the malignant and benign narcissist were in my department (such, such were the joys). And then we got a fragile malignant narcissist principal. Five years of increasing hell under him, but that is for another time. With Prima Donna Sauerkraut, because she deserves to die nam 

I worked for a company for 12 years and during the first years we were like family. We celebrate birthdays, Christmas, graduations, everything. One day someone brought a new employee and we staring to treat him as family as the rest of the crew. At the beginning he was really nice and everything was perfect until he asked me out. I told him I wasn't interested and I was in a relationship. We ended the conversation like a normal one. some days passed. One day one of my co-workers called me apart and told me this guy was telling everybody how good I was in bed and that everyone should enjoy me. He  

There was a female coworker I did not get along with-basically, I was hired to replace someone incompetent who was her best bud and she hated me from day one as a result and did everything she could to make my life miserable. If I listed every incident, this would be a thesis, but one particular instance of just plain poor breeding stands out in my mind. My family all got the call that my grandfather was in the hospital and probably had a week or less and to come as soon as we could My parents live in Maine, I’m in Cincinnati, Grandpa was in St Louis. Well, it was imminent, but not that imminen 

When I joined our lab, there were already 4 people doing their research work in a different topic, these 4 people were very friendly with us ( me and one of my friend doing research work in the same topic), we talked, we laughed. In a small span of time we all became very good friends. So, one day all of us were sitting ,one of them was giving us tips, how to find the perfect result in very short span of time, he told us just increased the temp of that particular instrument, don’t follow the protocol. We were amused, is dat going to give us result.he said, yes, they never follow the protocol, t 

One morning I was called into my boss's office and told that a complaint had been lodged against me for treating the women in the office disrespectfully by my language, comments and "touching". Of course, my boss didn't say who lodged the complaint. He said, further, the complainer said that if my boss didn't do something about it, they were going to the personnel department! So, my boss told me to "cool it" and stay away from the "girls".I went back to my office totally in shock and tried in my mind to figure out who I had offended so. While I was sitting there "stewing", Laura, one of my be 

I used to work in a laboratory as a lab tech. I was of course curious about everything and everyone, and everyone patiently answered my questions such as what their job entailed and if I was completing their sampling correctly. I did that because i wanted to learn as much as i could but also to do it right. We would talk (rather they would) about our manager's expectations and I'd get advice on how to keep on the better side of our manager (who by her own admission was an absolute cow). One coworker though never clarified if my manager was in fact hers too- our lab and office cleaner. This was  

Accused me of stealing. Some parents, instead of paying with a check, would pay in cash (and sometimes with food), much to the irritation, yet understanding, of my boss. When my boss couldn't be there to collect payment, she'd ask me to collect and slide the money underneath a small plastic shelving unit next to her landline, and have a piece sticking out so she can see it. Then I was to call her so she could text a receipt to the parent. I wasn't too keen on the idea of putting the money there because the children could easily see and take it. But it wasn't my place to question. (Questioned he 

Probably not a big deal to many people, but a coworker I regarded as a friend freaked out about COVID 19 in February and accused me of being sick and spreading the illness to the office. I might have coughed around her (I don’t recall doing so) but I did tell her (pre-face masks) that I was going to stay six feet from her and others to ensure health and safety. (She was trying to literally draw me in to gossip and I was on a deadline anyway, but I was and am always diligent about taking precautions.) There was something of a wave of paranoia in the office and the CFO/HR Director, alerted by her 

Early in my management career, I moved from a manufacturing job to a pilot plant job. I thought it would be more interesting. I was supervising several functions. Two of us had been hired simultaneously and the various pilot plant functions had been divvied up between us. The VP of engineering told us, rather ominously, that we were in a race and only one of us would become pilot plant manager. From his own statements as well as many direct observations, people knew he was an active alcoholic who had hired more than a statistical sampling of people similar to himself. It was the 1970’s. One sideb 

What’s the pettiest thing you’ve seen a co-worker do?
Many years ago, I was hired to help construct and install solar panels on a commercial building. The crew had worked together and had become friends, and this made me the odd man out. The solar panels are fragile, heavy, and if not covered, generate electricity when exposed to light. There is a ‘pig tail’ for connecting the panels together, with one end of the panel having exposed connectors, the other side protected. The first rule was: do not damage the expensive panels. I was given the job of securing the panels to the frame work, and had time to look around some while waiting for more pane 

From my last job. The local head office was rather small. But had a large number of floor staff. They always prized the floor staff because it was them who brought in the sales. Office staff were treated like dirt, mainly the admin group. Unless you were on good terms with the manager, you’re nothing. I was a HR officer. So i had to work with the manager. My friends, not just colleagues as i had known them long before the company opened, were in the admin group. Our leaves were often questioned. Allowances deducted based on in-the-moment made up reasons. As the manager didn’t have children, chi 

I’ve worked in a lot of different settings and have seen all kinds of different petty behaviour from servers taking others’ tips to silent treatments at meetings but there was one person whose behaviour really stuck out and has stayed with me ever since. In my time working in a 24 hour residential care setting, we had people working around the clock. During the day there were typically 3–4 people on at any given time while at night there was only one. That one person would work from 10pm-7am, which in itself is a job and a half. Subverting you’re natural sleep cycle can be incredibly damaging o 

About 8 years ago or so i worked for a fairly large company that was privately owned. This business had been in the same family for four generations, and probably will always remain that way. The owners had three of their children working for the company, half a dozen nieces and nephews, and 7 or 8 of their grandkids. It truly is a family business, with the newest addition being the owners granddaughter “Kate” (not her real name), who had recently graduated from college and started with the company just weeks after receiving her degree. The below photo is not her, but i swear could be her twin  

Mine was with an employee. 30 seconds after I had instructed a certain former employee not to use our metalworker to punch hardened steel I heard a loud bang. I knew what it was immediately. The sound of the machine is distinct. The sound of mild steel being punched is distinct. I only heard one of those sounds before the bang. I went back to metal worker and could see the die was broken. The employee had tried to punch hardened steel and luckily the die didn’t come flying out and hit someone. The lathe operator pointed towards the tool bench. I looked and there was the piece of hardened steel.  

I share a job and space with another person so we rarely work on the same days or same times. She has had the job several years longer than me. The only reason I even have the shared job is because she wanted to cut back her time, so I was hired. Initially things weren’t too bad. However, it took nearly a year for me to even feel like the shared space was even remotely mine. I never wanted to leave anything personal displayed, or materials out and I always tried to do things exactly how she did. Occasionally we would be at work at the same time, or have to attend meetings together. I started not 

I worked for 3 years with a woman who went out of her way to tell everyone how much she valued being one of the team. « Just » one of the guys. One day I received by mistake a document meant for her and noticed that her position was listed as “manageress” in the address (edit: I’m translating the title from the French word “directrice”, which is the feminine version of “directeur”. Neutral gendering of job titles is not yet widely applied in French-speaking Switzerland, where this event took place, or indeed in French in general). I challenged her on her title and she brushed me off, claiming it 

I was a Business Analyst, fresh out of college, working on a new team at a management consulting firm. When we weren’t on the road working on actual consulting gigs, we were doing lots of research and pulling together pitch decks to drum up new business. The typical routine was for a business analyst to team up with an associate or director in a support role and help to flesh out material that would tell the desired story — our opinion of the industry, the prospective client company’s position, opportunities, that kind of stuff. As we’d iterate, we’d routinely sync up with one or more Managing 

I was new to the city where I joined the job and I had to quickly find a place to live. My coworker offered to speak to the owner of the house she rented to rent the top floor of the house to me. I was glad. She spoke to the owner and I moved there. At work, she asked me to do a 10 hour duty so that she would be covered. She could come and go according to her convenience. The management didn't regulate the timings much. After doing the timing she mentioned, I realized that it would get stretched atleast an hour beyond the stipulated 10 hours. I would patiently sit and complete the work and go. If 

I student taught (like an internship for teachers) at a Chicago public K-8 magnet school. My cooperating teacher (like my trainer) happened to be the teachers’ union rep for the school, and I overheard a lot of petty complaints from teachers to her. The pettiness was shocking to me, because I’d spent the previous five years working in retail, where petty complaints were met with ridicule. Serious complaints, particularly if safety was a concern, were welcomed. But complaining about, say, not getting a cigarette break in the middle of a rush of customers… having to wait until the rush died down? 

Has your boss ever shown up at your front door?
Yes. I was being bullied to the point where I left work on stress/psychological leave and filed a complaint against the company (which I later won, representing myself in court against a huge international company) anyways early in this story I'd had enough of my manager bullying me and his friend (a coworker of mine) also really being nasty to me every day, so I filed a claim and left the job and was at home preparing for the court hearings against them. I get a knock on the door. I go answer it (and I have a security camera system so this was all recorded) and there stands one of the company' 

(Answer edited with more information Sept 2020) Yes, once. A little history here - back in 2011, two of my colleagues and I decided to leave the sinking ship that was our former employer; officially, as stated in our exit interviews, it was because our teams clients (we were a bespoke service for large corporate private medical claims) had been ring-fenced so the future of our role was tenuous to say the least. Without actually looking, we were contacted by a recruiter who knew the changes being made by our former employer, and we were lucky enough to be picked to start up a team launching a bra 

Yes. I live on a houseboat. Because the water starts shallow and gets deeper further away from the bank (normal situation in a river or at the side of a dyke), the boat has to be moored at a distance from the bank (in our case about 6 metres). Obviously, a way of getting on and off the boat is required, which means a ‘bridge’ of some sort. The boat is 22 metres long, so a ‘bridge’ of the same width seems to make sense; let’s call it a jetty. This makes it possible to clean windows without running the risk of falling into the drink. Anyway, one Sunday afternoon, I was repairing the jetty that we  

When I first left home, the second job I had in Daytona Beach Florida was working for a rather eccentric chef as one of his waitresses. It was a hundred seat restaurant that had a floor to ceiling wall of windows overlooking the pool and then the ocean. I think it was the only one like it in the city. It was beautiful. This man was a character. He grew up in Chicago, had been living on his own on the streets starting at age sixteen. He felt some sort of connection with me as I was also alone at the age of eighteen. He was obese. In some way it helped with his job - the kitchen was open and cust 

This took place in the early 70’s. My wife, Linda, was backpacking by herself as she had done many times in the past. On the 3rd morning of a 5 day trip I got a call from my mother in law that Linda’s father had just passed away unexpectedly. When I got off the phone with her, I called my boss and told him my father in law had just passed away and that Linda was on a backpacking trip. I let him know I needed to find her, bring her back home and that I would call him in the morrow when I knew what our plans were. It was late morning, but I knew if I left now I could make the trek while there was 

Oh, yes! And I about peed my pants. Not only did my boss who was a manager at a local Ralphs Grocery store show up, but also his boss the regional manager! Back then I was only 21 and I had started a landscaping business. For the first year it was largely neighborhood homes and some mini-malls cutting their grass and pruning their bushes. It was a living and I really enjoyed the work. And then there was Ralphs. A huge project that consisted of dozens of parking islands, over 50 trees and miles, so it seemed, of bushes, flowers and plush grass that always had to look sharp. Something the manager a 

Oh yes. With his manager and an HR person. I worked for AT&amp;T Slovakia. One day I wasn’t feeling too well so I offered to work from home since I didn’t want to get my coworkers sick and knew I’ll find 900 emails in my mailbox when I come back. My boss said no. I said ‘Fine, I’ll take a sick leave.’ Next day I went to the doctor to get my slip. The nurse however was my mom’s old friend and we talked while she was filling out the paperwork. As we talked I forgot to give her my new address and didn’t notice she put in the old one. I’ve bought an apartment about 10 months before and haven’t had the c 

As a matter of fact, he did. Back in 2015, I was nearing the end of a 6-month exit agreement at a public company for which I worked at that time. I had worked with a particular individual for nearly 15 years, and sold the company he founded to the large multinational. For 10 years, it had become obvious we didn’t work well together in a traditional boss/owner-employee relationship, so I ran my mini-startup autonomous division and he ran the larger parent. At the sale, I made it a non-negotiable condition (i.e. a closing condition) that I would not report to my former boss. For 2 1/2 years, the n 

Good Lord, yes. And wasted. I was 21, married and living in a city I detested. My husband and I were hosting a couple for supper — friends of my husband whom I barely knew, but were very kind. I had only just graduated college a few months earlier and was sort of drifting, and managed to find a position with a cardiologist. My job was to be the doctor’s assistant in the back. Dr. X was from another country, and showed me the kindness of teaching me a great many things about his profession. He said I could become quite proficient in my position and perhaps even pursue nursing as a profession (in w 

Yes many years ago, after working incredibly hard antisocial hours, for a large newsagent, in Sydney, I started to develop abdominal pains I passed out one morning in the doorway of my house &amp; was taken to hospital by my concerned house mate… The local hospital managed to misdiagnose me, but I was brought home my house mate who had contacted my boss &amp; said what had happened, he needed to take my delivery van so that the boys could finish my delivery run, I started the run at 4.30 am.. So the boss rocks up to make sure I’m okay, I’m like I’m right… So a month or so later I’m not getting any bett 

What did your boss ever say in the office that caused you to resign?
Ohhh, it was a combination of comments and events that snowballed into my fed-up final exit. Buckle up; it’s a long story and nobody is the good guy in the end, sadly not even the one telling it. Bad environments put people’s minds in bad places. It was a pretty toxic work environment anyway. I’d been there for seven years, hard working and loyal to the point of unhealthy obsession, and I was aware that I was being scapegoated, my personal life and a recent tragedy were all over the rumor mill, and I was being paid A LOT less than my coworkers, including men who held the same title as my own. Th 

There was never a one thing they said, usually I either need to move on as the job is getting more routine and find a more suitable option, or a few times it was a manager change. I cannot work for micromanagers so usually give them some time to see if it was only initial but if it carries one, then I go. It’s never one thing they say. However the most bizarre things were: why don’t you work as a builder or a cleaning lady, you are from Poland (I live in the UK and work in IT)disgust on my English boss’s face when she had to try some Polish food in Poland (trip to the Polish office) - these wer

My (at the time boyfriend) ex and I worked at the same company for many years, and were doing quite well, offered many opportunities to grow and be promoted together while starting our own team. We were promoted to move to another province to re-open a failed branch and become the Provincial Managers, where we had to hire and train a whole new staff. Which is still going strong to this day I might add. Nearing the end of our time there our co-owners (bosses) started being terrible to everyone. They would scream and berate you for the smallest things and put you down in front of everyone. There 

In 20 years of various corporations all around the world you hear people say… many things. None of them caused me to resign - I resign when I choose a better option, whatever than may be, not because someone says something. That’s on them, not on me. However, some of the “strangest” things were: Said towards her “non UK” direct reports in a meeting full of “UK people”, 5 years ago or so: “I don’t want to work with people who are not English and not born and bred in UK.” - ironically, said in a company owned by Chinese stakeholders, located in a different country than UK. Well… then maybe we shou

I hope you love your mom, have a wife or girlfriend, are a dad, have sisters, or daughters to perhaps have more sensitivity to this story. I was 23 and took a job as a head front desk person at a decent 3 -star hotel in a tourist area. It was called Nite Lite Inn. (It would have been on par with like a Best Western. We had had a recent problem with a tran trying to work the hotel to turn tricks so police were often there trying to catch "Fast Eddie." Yep, you get the story: a guy moving fast enough on drunk sailors from a nearby training station the guys weren't usually realizing in the dark tha 

What did your boss ever say in the office that caused you to resign? I started working for a spa without knowing or being told that the spa was in the process of being sold. The current owner in May 2012 was trying to sell it to someone who had a spa in another location and basically wanted to expand his business. He wanted the spa fully staffed and I was hired on as the spa receptionist, later to be called the spa coordinator by the new owner. He purchased between June and July of 2012 and essentially interviewed all service providers but didn’t interview me and wouldn’t talk to me about my pa 

I worked at a Big Orange home improvement warehouse. I did the inventory ordering for several departments; my position was called IMA (inventory management associate) and I had a IMA department head (my immediate boss) and the department head of the areas I ordered (boss adjacent… but not my supervisor). Then there are actual managers called supervisors… the top being the store manager. When orders are complete, I work the floor as an associate which is why the department head (DH) might be confused to think he is my boss. The DH wanted to use the forklift but did not want to use safety gates…  

My boss came into her new job hating me. I do not know why or even understood to this day her decision to dislike me but she did. I could handle that. My supervisor called me in to speak to me personally and told me that the new boss was going to have a meeting with me and he told me what she was going to say and do. For the first time in office, I cried. I had not done anything wrong. Other than I was doing too good a job and the lawyers were not pleased. I personally did not even know how to amend my ways other than to not do my job at all. My entire job was to review and ensure that lawyers 

I was hired by someone who really didn’t understand my space, but had that arrogant “Just do it and don’t give me any excuses” attitude. To compound the problem, they were asking for something that wasn’t possible without addressing a number of underlying organizational and cultural issues. To be fair, he was absolutely brilliant in his space and I truly admired the guy for his expertise. But he was a lousy manager and had the EQ of a rabid wolverine. The final straw was a conversation held over the phone on a Friday night from 800 miles away. Boss: “I don’t care. You need to do xyz. Are you goi 

What did your boss ever say in the office that caused you to resign? I worked as a supervisor in a VIP Services call center for a casino and had 2 admin assistants and a team of about 10–12 reps. My manager had been in her position for quite some time and went through supervisors and admins quite frequently because she made the job personal. She treated us all like her kids and would bake treats, decorate for every holiday, chastise us for little things in a very unprofessional way! Every shift I worked that she also worked, I would be pulled outside for at least 3 of HER smoke breaks (I don't s 

What are some uncommon ways to work smarter instead of harder?
Smart people don’t make habits for working smarter. They have developed systems that force them to work smart. Some of them are as follows *I have mentioned some services. Almost all are Free except 2 or 3.*  Time Management Always have a clock visible. If you don’t have a clock, use an hourly reminder app which will speak time after fixed intervals ranging from five minutes to one hour and you can select hours when it should speak.Use a stopwatch with EVERYTHING you do - not just work. You can use the aTimeLogger app. You can create categories to effectively track where you are spending time dail

Sleep 9 Hours a Night: It might sound like overkill, but your performance will improve so much that you will automatically make up the “lost” 3–4 hours you’d have spent working at 50% capacity.Invest in a Fast as Hell Router: Slow internet is the killer of hopes and dreams… Or at least productivity and efficiency. I’d recommend buying the Asus Nighthawk X6 AC3200Do the Most Difficult Task of the Day 2–3 Hours After Waking: Time isn’t your most valuable resource. Mental energy is. You only have 90–120 minutes of peak mental energy levels and these levels usually occur about 2–3 hours after waki

Thanks for A2A. Agreed with all the answers above. I would add a few arguments more though. Working smarter instead of working harder is definitely an issue. Therefore you have to approach it fundamentally. Make sure you do the right things instead of doing some random things right. Being effective matters more than being merely efficient. Being productive is what reflects how well you attain your goals. Being busy is what reflects your inability to filter out trivial tasks.  Know where you are going and why you are engaged in some particular activity.  Here are 5 easy steps that will help you boo 

Many people dream about reaching quick success without putting in a lot of effort. However, they’re wrong by thinking that working smart means doing nothing.  Working wisely actually means taking care of the process and focusing on progress. But at the same time, it includes clever tricks and tools that make the routine simpler. As a marketer, I’ll give a marketing example: You decided to advertise your product and you’re going to run a Facebook ad. Which option will you choose? Use auto settings for location and audience and hope for some leads.Conduct a complete market analysis, learn the strateg

Start your day with work and not email.Often opening email is the easy answer for what to do when you start work. You get absorbed in dealing with that, and get a nice dopamine fix for dealing with things. But in dealing with email, you're making many pointless decisions: which email to open next, which emails are spam, what emails to leave for later, do I need action on anything, are any likely to be funny and give me a break, are any from my boss that need reading straight away... You can only make so many decisions before you get fatigued and then subsequent real decisions about work are 

Do your deep work (the hard stuff, the work that requires the most concentration) EARLY. When exactly? Many scientists say that the brain’s peak performance happens 2-4 hours after we wake up. If, for example, you wake up at 6, your peak times are between 8 and 10  a.m.  What are the benefits? Doing your deep work early in the day allows your brain to focus fully on the problem at hand, with fewer distractions, less inputs from your environment, and with a lot of  energy that you've gained from a restful night. It's the exact opposite of what can happen if you leave your hardest work for nighttime 

As far as I’m concerned, I’m a very lazy person. I like working but I also like enjoying my life. I’m definitely not interested in working until 4 AM and start at 8 AM. However the work has to be done no matter what. What is why I decided to establish ways to work smarter instead of harder in order to have time to savour my cocktail with or without alcohol on a terrasse in the sunshine after work. Let me disclose you my little secrets: First, I consider that to work smarter you have to know exactly what you have to do. So I plan EVERYTHING even the time when I’m going to take my coffee! You will t 

There is popular story on working smarter which goes something like this. A soap manufacturing company received many complaints from their retailers mentioning that some of the purchased soaps were empty. There was packaging but there was no soap inside them. Since these soaps were manufactured in lots, the issue was critical as the retailers were paying for empty boxes. This issue is harder to resolve as the whole process is automated by big machinery. The management assembled their technical team and asked to get them a best way to suggest how would they resolve the issue. Many engineers propo 

Let’s directly jump into examples: Task 1: You’re given a task to cut down a tree. The hard work: Hard working people will pick up the axe and start hitting the tree. They will keep on hitting it until it is cut. It takes a huge amount of time and their effort. Let’s say it took 6 hours for a hard working man to chop down the tree. The smart work: A smart working person will invest time in sharpening the axe before chopping down the tree. It will not only reduce his efforts but also reduce the time of cutting down the tree. If he spends 1 hour in sharpening the axe, he’ll still be able to chop down  

I'll start with a story.(I'm pretty sure most people must have read this before.) A primary school teacher was being annoyed by noisy children in the class. Just to keep them occupied for a while, she told them to add nos. from 1 to 100. So everyone started writing the numbers in order and began the tedious addition process. One particular child wrote all the numbers down in increasing order. He just thought to himself, what if I write all the numbers in decreasing order as well. He found out an interesting thing. The sum of first and last no was 101. Similarly the second and second last one.  

My boss is always taking part of my food in a common fridge. I told him I didn't like that and now I buy my food to avoid it. Am I a skinflint?
No, your boss is a douchebag. Nobody should ever, ever touch food that does not belong to them unless it is specifically offered to them. Eating someone else's lunch is about as low as it gets. I had this problem with someone a few years ago at my work place but could not figure out who it was. I would buy sandwiches on the way to work and put them in the common refrigerator as you do. I would often find that someone had helped themselves to a half. This person was also helping themselves to the canned soft drinks I kept in the bottom of the fridge. I resolved this situation one week by lacing m 

Okay so the story I'm about to tell you don't have a boss but instead a security guard. My grandma told me this story about her food being taken by a security guard whenever she went on her job, and would come back with her food being eaten for a whole week. She didn't know who was eating her food at the time so she decided to find out. She mixed in Pepto Bismol Poop into her food that he will eat. So she left her sabotage food behind on the table and allowed the security guard to eat her food while she's kept the real food for herself safe. When she and her co-workers had returned… *POP!!!* The du 

You are not a skinflint, he’s a jerk. I would avoid putting medication or non food or pet food items in my lunch. Those can get you in trouble or fired. Make sure you clearly label your food so it can’t be claimed it was “mistakenly” eaten. Do you like any “odd” foods that you think your boss hates? Frog legs, tongue sandwiches, stir fried crickets, moldy cheeses? Extra spicy? Just make sure you will be able to eat it with a straight face if HR becomes involved. If he has any allergies, religious dietary restrictions, or dislikes vegan food it is time to include those. Once at camp a mistake was  

No, you aren’t a skinflint. I’ve read substantially all the answers (49) that precede this one, most of which suggest some kind of reprisal. These suggestions included using ExLax or some other laxative; you can by phenolphthalein indicator solution on Amazon for $9 or so in 1-oz. quantities. One or two drops should do it. Other suggestions included using hot peppers; buy capsaicin on Amazon. Be really careful how you use it. Other suggestions offered documenting the thefts and reporting them to HR; billing the company for stolen food; or other punitive administrative reprisal. Let me suggest an 

This is a terrible violation of your property. Not knowing the work environment, my first thought is revenge, but that is petty. Your boss has a boss (hopefully). Document it. Go to your boss or HR. If you have a trail of the complaint and HR does nothing, they are in for a surprise. If you report your boss and they do nothing they are violating a law (you may want to check it up, for I am not a lawyer). In Canada, HR is mandated by the Government to resolve issues in the work place. If they don’t, the company can be found in violation of the charter of Human Rights. When HR steps in, make sure 

No. You arent. He is a thief. I would go about solving this problem one of several ways. Bring extra and make sure you hand some to the boss. Say something like “I noticed you can't seem to make any good food for yourself so I brought some extra just for you. Hope your family situation gets sorted out soon” in front of witnesses.Find out foods he hates and make sure to add them into every appropriate dish you can. nOT foods that he's allergic to. That's assault with a deadly weapon I think. But foods he hates. Like, I had a thieving roommate who hated potato salad. So I made a great big hearty b

When I first graduated college I got a job working in a research lab. Since it was a lab, we were not allowed to keep any food or drinks anywhere but the common lunchroom and fridge. I was out on my own for the very first time ever and I only got paid once a month. I wasn’t making very much and had to learn quickly to budget my money well so I packed my lunch every day. Cue the lunch thief. Every day the main portion of my lunch and all sweets were stolen. I didn’t have the money to then go and buy lunch and since I don’t eat breakfast I would end up going hungry until I got home each night. I  

No, not a skinflint, It’ a drag. You already spoke to him about it. So what about this food? Is it in a lunch bag of some sort? Labeling visible food doesn’t always do it ( I know, been there), but inside a sealed lunch box/container, then there’s no excuse for someone opening it and extracting your food. Even in a common fridge. If you don't bring a lunch bag of some sort, start doing that. Start with your regular foods. After a few days, fill the lunch bag with generally disliked foods, while you keep something like protein bars or fruit with you (purse? brief case? desk drawer? whatever) to  

Let’s start with how you are processing it. No, you are not a “skinflint”. Your food is your property and no one has any right to it unless you offer it to them. Let’s face it. It’s weird and creepy to go into a public fridge and help yourself to someone else’s food for a number of reasons. Some people have strange hangups about food, feeling that if it’s in front of them they have some right to having some. For others it’s a power trip, which I fear is the case with your boss. In essence, they dare you to do something about it as if to say; ”I can eat your lunch anytime I want”, implying reper 

We had a supervisor, let’s call him Les, who did this sort of thing: he’d stop by the break room and take “tastes” of food from people eating lunch, or if he saw someone eating in their office, he’d demand a “bite.” This had absolutely nothing to do with food, or hunger, or culinary curiosity. It was all about dominance. It was his way of saying, without words, “I’m the boss of you and you can’t do anything about it.” His comeuppance came at a company picnic at a park on company property. Some of the hourly employees who worked for him had brought a bottle of wine to the picnic. Les saw the wine,  

What career path isn't for softies?
Call Center Representative  Look at all those smiles. People working to solve people’s problems, it’s so fulfilling, right? Can’t wait to dive back onto the floor to help someone with their problems! Sounds awesome at first, but that’s just the marketing hoopla they feed you to hook you in to the world of HELL. Here’s the truth about working as a call center agent in customer service. You work 9 hour shifts with breaks like everyone else. Unlike other careers where there’s usually some downtime available throughout the shift to take a breather, in call centers you are pretty much working those full

Public School Teaching. While the misperception that it is a cushy job is fairly common, nothing could be further from the truth. Almost every other job with the same educational requirements as teaching pays considerably more.The supposed “summers off” are generally spent putting your house back together as you did not have time to do much to it throughout the school year, working a summer job, and spent on professional development or other training which is required to keep your license and often costs you money.Between staff meetings, special ed meetings, department meetings, meetings with pa

Forensic Scientist/Crime Scene investigator I recall a young girl telling that she wanted to go into forensics, but she also stated that she would faint at the sight of blood, including her own, and wanted to avoid it. Hmm, I said there is absolutely no way you can go into forensics and learn all the tricks of the trade to investigate homicides if you can’t handle the site of your own blood! I said unless you go into a hard science like chemistry or biology, but that’s not what she wanted. I also advised her that she can eventually specialize in something such as ballistics, document examinatio 

Human Resources. I know how most people don’t think of HR as a tough field. And yes, a lot of functions within it aren’t hard on the nerves (perhaps most actually). But some decidedly are. My sister is a senior HR executive with over a decade of experience. There was a point during the financial crisis at the end of the last decade when people were getting fired from the jobs left right and center, that she found it really hard. And I’ll give you a couple of actual cases to show you what I mean. Case A - This middle-aged guy was told that he was being laid off. Now the firm used to have a large com 

Thanks for the A2A, Sean Kernan, although given your stellar answer and your dad’s work, I doubt I can think of anything that’d qualify by your standards. I am, alas, a “softie” at least in the physical sense. Oh, sure, I did my time out in the fields and greenhouses as a teen, but most of my work since then has been a lot harder on my brain than on my body. And even things that are mentally challenging initially become easier once you’ve done them for a while, so I wouldn’t say my current job isn’t for “softies” — though it certainly isn’t for everyone; jobs I’ve done in the past have left me w 

 Tenure track Professor Three to five years of University degreeMaster’s degree of one to two years.PhD of three to seven years.Occasionally, A Post Doctoral study of variable time usually one to three years.Then you land a tenure track Position (Not so easy as it seems these days!)You don’t relax yet! You have a limited time, usually six years, to become tenured. After a certain period, your performance is up for review. You work super hard by doing research coupled with teaching duties. Then you get promoted to an Associate Professor role then after a period, usually four years, you become a ful 

There are a lot of career paths that are not for softies. (Thanks for the A2A Sean Kernan ) Rather than going into the actual jobs let’s focus on the characteristics that make them difficult. You don’t need all of these characteristics but the degree of them matters. And some people are softies in one characteristic and rock hard in another. But first let’s define softie. Just because someone gets sad, or cries doesn’t make them soft. It’s the lack of resilience and not being able to get back into it that makes someone soft. Many jobs can be tailored for someone who is soft. It’s more important  

Every career choice is different, with pros and cons added to it. Three career options call for serious mental strength. Let's take a look here:  Consulting: One of my close friends worked in two leading consulting companies, Deloitte and PwC, and I can honestly claim that the position of consultant, whether a technology consultant or a management consultant, is not straightforward. Why? Why? Since you're still in front of your customer, and any single minute you have to deal with a new technology or business challenge. The worst thing is that when you have to send the customer a demo of the sof

This is a picture of a Facebook moderation center in Berlin.  At the first glimpse, you might think something along the lines of “Oh, it’s just people sitting on a desk working with computers. Boring. Nothing different from my average 9 to 5 workday at my office.” But if you really want to get a small glimpse of what being a Facebook moderator is like, just ask these employees. Trust me, you don’t ever want to be one. That career path is not for softies. It’s where traumatizing material is basically a job. People who work there sit at a computer and view some of the most horrible things online which 

Owning a business.  I don’t care how instagram portrays the lifestyle of entrepreneurship, or how incredible people online make it seem. Owning and operating a real business is one of the most challenging career paths an individual can possibly choose. Whether you provide a service or sell a product, your customers depend on you night and day. If any of your clients encounters an issue, you, the business owner, will be tasked with alleviating whatever problem it is they’ve confronted. It’s 7:30 AM on a Saturday morning, and you’ve had a little too much to drink the night before? Yeah well it’s brig 

What glamorized career path is actually a complete nightmare?
Academia We tend to associate academia with images of leisurely professors looking out windows contemplating the world in pursuit of the truth. It is a lie. In real life, they're most likely considering jumping out that window to find out what life is out there away from this hell hole. Just kidding ;) Only ~2% of PhD graduates eventually become permanent faculty,[1] and that’s if they are extremely lucky or brilliant or have the clout of the right people, often the combination of all three.   Even if they join the professoriate, it’s still an extremely risky and competitive career with more drudger 

Not a complete nightmare, but not as glamorized as most people would have thought it would be. Flight Attendants. The general consensus has it that a trolley dolley’s life is filled with travel perks, men chasing after them, pretty young girls, a jet-setter’s life, promiscuous behaviours display, amazing layovers and the list would go on and on. I signed up for that life back in 2013. I thought to myself, how hard can it be if the minimum requirements is high school diploma? Wish I could go back in time and knock some sense into my former self. The three months (approximately 12 weeks) training was 

Careers. Whipper-snappers that can barely crawl out of seagull infested beaches before swimming into shark infested waters think, they want to be an astronaut or a teacher or some other high-affluent job without realizing one important truth. Someone needs to pay you. Monetization is the only damn thing that matters in this world. Without enough money, no matter what job you have, it is a nightmare. Kids, house, bills, expenses, accidents, you name it, the quality of your life is determined by how much money you have in relation to how many responsibilities you accept. This is the most fundamental  

When I graduated Business School, I was wondering what to do next. I had been in corporate banking before School, but most of my graduating classmates were either heading into investment banking or management consulting. Both careers appeared incredibly lucrative. I decided to explore further. I realized fairly quickly that Investment Banking wasn’t for me. The work didn’t seem that exciting and seemed more geared towards testing people’s grit and endurance than anything else. Banking Associates proudly told me time and again how they had to cancel weekend family commitments and vacations becaus 

SAP (or ERP) Consulting Background Bit of background won’t hurt. There was a time (circa 1990 - 2000) when SAP consultant was a glamorous and the perceived ultimate-platinum-level of IT related job. I’m using SAP as the focal point because like it or not, during those era SAP is the de facto market leader. I don’t think the same thing can be said in today context but that is a totally different topic. Back then if you were a freelancer, you ends up rejecting job offers and had privilege to choose the most lucrative offer. If you worked in consulting firm, you wouldn’t have lots of time to enjoy y 

Anything connected to high finance… stock brokers, investment banking, the whole thing. In major finance shops (Goldman Sachs being the promised land far away in the haze), there are maybe a handful of positions in the highest of tiers (usually Associate, Junior Partner, Partner, Voting Partner and the unreachable Name On Lobby Wall Partner). But first you need to get your career up and running. Spend months trying to get a job at sleazeball boiler room “firms". Work there for a year cold calling seniors and homebound invalids, extracting what little money they have to eat and fill prescriptions  

Some of these answers are just silly—you’d think being a doctor, accountant or lawyer is a terrible job that no one would ever choose if they knew better. The reality will always be more prosaic than in the movies, of course. But professional jobs generally pay much better, and have higher job satisfaction, than most low skill jobs. A professional job usually—not always, but more often than not—allows people to escape from poverty, and poverty sucks. People who complain about their jobs should see what it’s like to not be able to pay your bills; afford medical care; live in warm and comfortabl 

Software Developer I think people know there is nothing glamorous about the job, but the money is legendary. It’s the money, baby. That makes up for everything else. And what else does anyone know about software developers? They can break triple-DES in 60 seconds while getting a blow job. They can hack into any government agency. They’re young and hip and skinny, and they look great in their blue jeans and pullover. It used to be that you had to earn a bachelor’s degree from an accredited university to be a software engineer, but everyone younger than you, dear reader, knows that you can attend  

Graphic Designer here. I wouldn't call any career path a nightmare but, I worked once for 3 hours straight trying to get a curve in the logo to a client's satisfaction.There's ALWAYS someone better than you. It isn't like accounts where you're done when the Balance Sheet tallies. Someone will always be out there who's more creative than you and that sometimes takes a toll on your motivation.I constantly have my ideas questioned by people who half the time don't know what they want in the first place.Many times all I've had to do is cut and paste images (which I have to painstakingly search and w

 Being a YouTuber/Let’s player. Did you know that these people spend somewhere around 4–8 hours for an average video? That’s how long edits take. 90% of a YouTubers career is video editing. Only 10% is spent in front of the camera actually recording content. On top of that the average YouTuber takes 2 years of daily uploads to reach a subscriber count that sustains a living. If you enjoy editing, this is obviously not a nightmare for you, but most people are not aware of this when they get into it and then it seems like a nightmare to them. Producing quality content takes a tremendous amount of effo 

What career path isn't for softies?
Call Center Representative  Look at all those smiles. People working to solve people’s problems, it’s so fulfilling, right? Can’t wait to dive back onto the floor to help someone with their problems! Sounds awesome at first, but that’s just the marketing hoopla they feed you to hook you in to the world of HELL. Here’s the truth about working as a call center agent in customer service. You work 9 hour shifts with breaks like everyone else. Unlike other careers where there’s usually some downtime available throughout the shift to take a breather, in call centers you are pretty much working those full

Public School Teaching. While the misperception that it is a cushy job is fairly common, nothing could be further from the truth. Almost every other job with the same educational requirements as teaching pays considerably more.The supposed “summers off” are generally spent putting your house back together as you did not have time to do much to it throughout the school year, working a summer job, and spent on professional development or other training which is required to keep your license and often costs you money.Between staff meetings, special ed meetings, department meetings, meetings with pa

Forensic Scientist/Crime Scene investigator I recall a young girl telling that she wanted to go into forensics, but she also stated that she would faint at the sight of blood, including her own, and wanted to avoid it. Hmm, I said there is absolutely no way you can go into forensics and learn all the tricks of the trade to investigate homicides if you can’t handle the site of your own blood! I said unless you go into a hard science like chemistry or biology, but that’s not what she wanted. I also advised her that she can eventually specialize in something such as ballistics, document examinatio 

Human Resources. I know how most people don’t think of HR as a tough field. And yes, a lot of functions within it aren’t hard on the nerves (perhaps most actually). But some decidedly are. My sister is a senior HR executive with over a decade of experience. There was a point during the financial crisis at the end of the last decade when people were getting fired from the jobs left right and center, that she found it really hard. And I’ll give you a couple of actual cases to show you what I mean. Case A - This middle-aged guy was told that he was being laid off. Now the firm used to have a large com 

Thanks for the A2A, Sean Kernan, although given your stellar answer and your dad’s work, I doubt I can think of anything that’d qualify by your standards. I am, alas, a “softie” at least in the physical sense. Oh, sure, I did my time out in the fields and greenhouses as a teen, but most of my work since then has been a lot harder on my brain than on my body. And even things that are mentally challenging initially become easier once you’ve done them for a while, so I wouldn’t say my current job isn’t for “softies” — though it certainly isn’t for everyone; jobs I’ve done in the past have left me w 

 Tenure track Professor Three to five years of University degreeMaster’s degree of one to two years.PhD of three to seven years.Occasionally, A Post Doctoral study of variable time usually one to three years.Then you land a tenure track Position (Not so easy as it seems these days!)You don’t relax yet! You have a limited time, usually six years, to become tenured. After a certain period, your performance is up for review. You work super hard by doing research coupled with teaching duties. Then you get promoted to an Associate Professor role then after a period, usually four years, you become a ful 

There are a lot of career paths that are not for softies. (Thanks for the A2A Sean Kernan ) Rather than going into the actual jobs let’s focus on the characteristics that make them difficult. You don’t need all of these characteristics but the degree of them matters. And some people are softies in one characteristic and rock hard in another. But first let’s define softie. Just because someone gets sad, or cries doesn’t make them soft. It’s the lack of resilience and not being able to get back into it that makes someone soft. Many jobs can be tailored for someone who is soft. It’s more important  

Every career choice is different, with pros and cons added to it. Three career options call for serious mental strength. Let's take a look here:  Consulting: One of my close friends worked in two leading consulting companies, Deloitte and PwC, and I can honestly claim that the position of consultant, whether a technology consultant or a management consultant, is not straightforward. Why? Why? Since you're still in front of your customer, and any single minute you have to deal with a new technology or business challenge. The worst thing is that when you have to send the customer a demo of the sof

This is a picture of a Facebook moderation center in Berlin.  At the first glimpse, you might think something along the lines of “Oh, it’s just people sitting on a desk working with computers. Boring. Nothing different from my average 9 to 5 workday at my office.” But if you really want to get a small glimpse of what being a Facebook moderator is like, just ask these employees. Trust me, you don’t ever want to be one. That career path is not for softies. It’s where traumatizing material is basically a job. People who work there sit at a computer and view some of the most horrible things online which 

Owning a business.  I don’t care how instagram portrays the lifestyle of entrepreneurship, or how incredible people online make it seem. Owning and operating a real business is one of the most challenging career paths an individual can possibly choose. Whether you provide a service or sell a product, your customers depend on you night and day. If any of your clients encounters an issue, you, the business owner, will be tasked with alleviating whatever problem it is they’ve confronted. It’s 7:30 AM on a Saturday morning, and you’ve had a little too much to drink the night before? Yeah well it’s brig 

What choices did you make in your 20s that most impact your life today?
There are many choices made in my twenties that affect my life today, some for good and some for ill. 1. I quit my Job and decided to go into business. Now this did not turn out quite the way I thought it would. Not one of those, it was hard at first, then I became successful no, nooooo. It was a foolish decision in many ways. I had never worked in sales and found selling to be exceedingly difficult. The result was, placing enormous stress on my then girlfriend where she had to take the full burden of supporting the both of us financially. For a number of years, I was not able to earn a cent. Tru 

 Bought a small bungalow house at age 24 using my personal savings as a down payment. I had no money left and was living on pasta but at least I had a house to live in. I would later rent it out as an income property for several years before selling it for double its original price. Also learned lots about being a landlord and learned about bad and good tenants the hard way.Bought another house age 26 right before the boom, which increased in value by 50% before selling it.Bought another rental property age 29, this downtown condo was beautiful but poorly built. Needed special assessment repair

 1. I Quit My Job and Started My Own Business The first, and possibly most impactful decision that I made in my 20’s was to quit my job and start my own business. I was working a soul-sucking retail job that I absolutely hated. I had to wake up at 4:30 a.m. every morning, drive through terrible San Diego traffic and then spend my days putting up with the lowest caliber of human beings possible. It sucked… So, after stashing away about $26,000 I quit and went all in on my own business. It was hard at first. I had to sleep on my brother’s couch because I couldn’t afford rent. I lost thousands of dollar 

Heya! Writing this answer makes me feel proud of myself and also encourages me to stay motivated. :) Though I am still in my early 2Os but there are few decisions taken by me that changed my life beautifully. It all started in the year 2012, I was 18 and half year old by then. In extreme depression.I took some quite good decisions in that year and I can see the benefits of each of them! Decided to earnLuckily, enough my family has been financially stable and there was really no need (or pressure) of me to support my family financially. However, I have always been hungry to earn as early as possi 

 Monday Views ‘gram There’s this relatively young-looking man that sits in the same spot on the sidewalk every day as I bike past him on the way to work. He doesn’t really look all that tattered up. He’s wearing the same black T-shirt and black jeans every day, and he’s always there sitting on a flattened cardboard box sometimes talking to himself out loud. Putting two and two together, I figure he’s more than likely homeless, but he may not be. Literally every day I see him sitting there as I bike in the morning, and then I see him in the same spot again as I bike on the way home. On a couple occ 

 I’m 28, and in just a year more I will cross a barrier which is considered a big deal in our society today. So today I thought of writing about it. From being the eldest son in a middle-class North Indian family to running a successful self-sustained start-up, I’ve been through a lot of ups and a whole more of downs. I think people should realize the gravity of the situation when words like son, eldest, entrepreneur are used in the same sentence. It’s not easy at all! There is this constant pressure to be the model for everyone in the family and almost everyone right from maid till your grandpa 

Listened to my parents and continued and finished social psychology instead of following my dream - wasted 5 years on something I’ve lost interest after two. Took me a while to organize my life well enough to be where I am today. If I didn’t listen to my parents I could be here 6–7 years ago after much, much, less bumpy trip. Always trust your instincts, other people don’t know what is be best for you even if they mean you no harm.Trusted my first employer and instead of using common sense I got greedy - till this day never seen promised money. Never focus on money and money only.Changed well 

I read an answer by another contributor, Elaine Green, and it inspired me to provide an answer and a different perspective. I started out my career after graduating college on a salary of $31,500 living in Boston, MA. I realized this wasn’t going to allow me to live well. I had my folks in the area so decided to offer them rent (about half of what I would pay to live in the area), build up some savings (an emergency fund), contribute to a retirement account to take advantage of an employer match and take care of debt. I wanted to make sure living at home was short-term as I hated it (and it was

2007 I left my ex husband (3 month marriage, 5 year relationship)who was violently abusive, selfish, controlling and got another woman pregnant…when I was 19 (3 months before my 20th) I was in college though. But I would skip class because I was so tired of my life…my ex and my mother always giving me a hard time and no support. Now looking back I should have just kept going. But in the end I completed school but had to retake some classes. I started dating too soon…..a month after I left my ex. Who was my first bf by the way. Also father of my child. I had him when I was 17. Anyway this new rea 

1.	Choose to Get a Dog I wanted to start with something you wouldn’t expect. But I am not being frivolous. Six years ago my partner and I did what it turned out we had each wanted to do for a long time, but never had — we welcomed a tiny little canine friend to our family. Since then we have fallen in love again - with the dog, I hasten to add — and she makes it clear she’s in love with us too. Tocker is a beautiful brown Labrador, and I recommend that you choose one of the friendly and good-natured breeds, as no doubt at least 80 percent of dog affection comes from 20 percent of breeds. If we  

How should I choose my career?
March 2016,Redmond, WA. Interviewer: “So why do you want this role? You’ve been a developer your whole life and have done so much AI, robotics and ML; Why the switch? Why security? Why PM?” Me: “Honestly, I don’t know a thing about security. I took one class in undergrad which frankly wasn’t very helpful . That’s why. I find it fascinating and I want to learn. That’s the one thing I expect above everything else in my career, the opportunity to learn and grow. Things I don’t know or understand excite me, I genuinely love learning new things.”  How should I choose my career? First up, understand the

Choosingg Careers – A Big Decision I want to become an Astronaut. I want to be a Singer. I want to become a Scientist. I want to be a Footballer. I want to be a Racecar Driver. These are just a few of the hundreds of different answers that we hear when we ask a child one of the most common questions – “What do you want to be when you grow up?” 20 year down the line, many of them actually stick to their initial choices. However most do not really have their career plans figured out that well. We start thinking about career options that would suit our personality and traits, something that would h 

Before anything else: I understand how choosing a career can be terrifying and overwhelming. Especially if you’re the kind of person who likes order and control over things, you’d want to have at least an idea of what your career path would be like so you can prepare for it. But don’t get in the habit of worrying always. You must be in 11th grade right now, but that’s still a long way to go. Pause, take a deep breath and enjoy your youth. You’ll never be as energetic and young as you are now! I, too, struggled for quite some time before I was able to finally get my business up and running. It to 

I always thought I was going to be a teacher, you know. English or Math or History - every time I came across a teacher who inspired, I wanted to be them. I thought I wanted to get back in the community and give back and give students a chance at a brighter future. But I thought…oh, maybe I’ll be a marine biologist, because I love the sea. Or maybe a vet because I adore animals, and so many low-income households need affordable pet care too. Or maybe I’ll open a bakery and/or restaurant because I love to cook and I love making people happy with my cooking. In 10th grade, you’re… what, 16? 15? There 

 Choose your passion. You know you’ve discovered your passion when you love what you are doing. But wait a minute. Nothing is that simple is it? Check out what Jeff Bezos, Founder of Amazon, tells us: " One of the huge mistake people make is that they try to force an interest on themselves. You don't choose your passions. Your passion chooses you". Are you continue working to find what you love to do? Perhaps starting with your personal development? A very good idea these days … where to change is the name of the game. Aim high. Explore. Stretch your boundaries. Let yourself fail some. But be sure  

Hi, Consider This: Do you want to sit in a cubicle, hate your job and just count your days, knowing you've made a huge career mistake? You wouldn't believe the number of people who realize too late that they have chosen the wrong career path. And the process starts from the 10th class itself. Here are a few things you should keep in mind when deciding which career path to take. Your strength and weaknesses It is important to know what YOU are good at. Not your friends, not your parents or relatives, but you. You need to understand that you shouldn't be under pressure to choose a particular path o 

That most people do it the wrong way and it’s because they listen to the advice their parents and other well-meaning adults give them. They end up in the career that is the right career from their parents’ / families’ point of view, not in a career they feel excited about / really care about. How many people do you know who jump out of bed each morning excited that they will be able to do their job again vs people who don’t like their jobs (or hate them), do it only because they need to pay their bills and if they could retire at any moment or not work at all they wouldn’t hesitate a second (isn 

Let me start with my background first: Degree: Integrated M.Tech Geology Internship experience: In Oil industry Job Profiles tried: Operations Analyst Growth Hacker Operations management Business Analyst Product Manager Blogging/Content writing  These details and credentials are important. Why? Because it clearly shows I had no idea what I wanted to do either. Rohan Kamath is one of the guys I admire and I am going to echo his thoughts that ‘Passion is over-rated’. How then does one choose their career? I think it’s through one of the ways below: By knowing clearly what you love doing and can also make a career

I started of with Hotel management and now working as a Life-coach to many. I joined aviation to work as a flight attendant and now i train people on communication, how to become a trainer and public speaker.  I wanted to open up a small BPO and now i run a coaching centre at my home. I wanted to go to UK to pursue music but i have been taking Live online classes on Interview skills and public speaking Since 2009. Mind you, I failed in 12th standard.  Over all years i realized that sometimes choosing a career can be a tough task if we kept on asking others. When i go through my students’ CV it say 

You are not ready to choose yet - relax, enjoy your teenage years. It appears you have a wide range of interests. Some interests eventually turn out to be passion, some end up being hobbies. Some are in the “all that glitters is not gold”. As I said, relax, enjoy the present. As Warren Buffett (2nd most richest man, a financial genius, worlds most popular shrewedest businessman and a very modest man) says - “You should do the job you love whether or not you are getting paid for it.” Pick one that excites you and read up, start small. An early start has never hurt ones chances (you effectively a 

What has been your best career decision(s)?
To become a Certified Scrum Trainer. As I started to develop skills in agile practices like Scrum, I looked into becoming a CST and quickly dismissed it. It was a bit of a private club, and a boy’s club at that. You needed to know someone who knew Ken (Schwaber, co-founder of Scrum) to get in because the acceptance process was so subjective. Pretty much no one got in on the first try and sometimes people got kicked out because Ken “got mad at them.” Luckily, while presenting at a conference, I met a nice lady named Katie Playfair and, after watching me present, approached me about becoming a CST 

Taking a year-long break to recharge. About 3 years after college, I was exactly where I’d hoped it be- almost 3 years into a great job and earning well. Everybody was awesome- the team I worked with, my boss, teams I consulted for, my friends. I had good benefits and plenty of opportunities to grow at work and plenty to do outside of work. And I was severely depressed, stressed and burned out. I was unhappier than I have ever been and confused, because everything I worked for and wanted had happen and was continuing to happen. It’s such a gift and I’m so privileged and yet hated my life. I wan 

Hello, Good question, because I had a lot of interesting career moves. Let’s get a little recap of my life to see what happened as it they all were interesting to me. It was 1972. I was around 9 years old at the time. Born of two dissimilar cultures, and being the fruit of two lives strictly opposed to one another, I had grown up from a young age in an era where the cold war, since the early 60’s, was in its first eruption, and in an empire called back then, the USSR. Since the day I was born I had lived in the companionship of horses, and during the first part of my childhood, I had grown up in  

August 26, 2008. This was a day before my 19th birthday. Me and my mom had an arguement the night before. She told me she can't help me with my studies anymore. My younger brother is also in college, and my youngest sibling was spending his HS in a private school. Luckily, I wasn't paying high tuition fees on my University. I saw a job posted in one of the canteen's glass door outside my University. And this was where I started. I was hired as an Assistant Auditor to Globe Telecoms that time. I was still in college. I work at daytime and go to school at night. Was having my BSBA that time. This l

The best career decision I've made was when I left my 9-year stable job with a television company to pursue my dreams of becoming a chef. One day I told my manager that I was no longer happy and handed him my resignation letter. It was bittersweet because I used to love that job. It became a part of my life for over a decade, my comfort zone, indeed. I've made a family out of the amazing people I've worked with through the years but at the same time, I was excited and somewhat anxious to finally move on and break free from my norm. So I left, took my early retirement package and into the unknown 

I was about 30 years old and had a very long resume filled with dozens of minimum wage jobs or barely more that minimum wage. I worked at retail stores, I did deliveries, i tried a few times to start my own business but did not have a lot of success. My best year at that point had earned me around $25k (not very good in Southern California in the mid 2000’s). I also had very little in the way of useful schooling. I could not afford to attend a four year college so I settled for a 2 year degree in science and then several years later another two year degree in journalism. Somehow, I got married, 

OK Before telling BEST decision I will share my background… I’m 28 now, Mechanical engg…Indian guy working in Pune now… I was not placed in campus placement through college..as there was recession going on and companies were not hiring that much…2010–2011 period…Just FYI my engg aggregate was 65% But i wanted to enter design field so joined CAD courses in Pune and Institute where i did cad course said that they have 100% placement..I was tension free…I thought after 2 months of course i will have job in my hand…But after course completion they said there are no job openings for design so cant hel 

Taking a risk of leaving a nice well paying government job at the start of my career. I graduated with a BSc in Mechanical Engineering in Dec 2003. As was customary then amongst my peers, never to say no to your first job, I appeared in recruitment process of a job advertised by a public defense sector company and got selected after a very competitive process. Started working on advanced weapon systems. This was very exciting and thrilling research related work. And the project I was working on was quite strategic (Satellite Launch Vehicle) and at a very young age got an experience to work and s 

2007, I was sitting on my couch in my brand new apartment in Rotterdam. It was a rainy night in November and I was wondering what my life would be like now that I had my first own place, a stable pretty well-paid job as Distribution Centre Manager and a brand new company car. All at the age of 26. The Phone Rang… CEO of the Netherlands for the company I worked at on the other side: “ Hi Leon, how are you?” She said. “ Well very good! I’ve just moved into the apartment which I have been refurbishing for the past 11 months” I replied. “ I see, well Leon I got an offer for you”. My heart instantly p 

I think my most exciting, experience was when I decided that I don’t want to be a designer anymore. It isn’t not literally I don’t want to use design software or explore about the field, but I just realised I am more interested into the research and big scope behind the visual itself. I took my B.A in Visual Communication Design back in 2001 because I felt that this field is my whole interest. I was a teenager and realised that I am creative, love to draw, so Graphic Design might be something I was looking for. But then when I was in my dissertation, I was so drown into research, marketing analy 

What has been your best career decision(s)?
To become a Certified Scrum Trainer. As I started to develop skills in agile practices like Scrum, I looked into becoming a CST and quickly dismissed it. It was a bit of a private club, and a boy’s club at that. You needed to know someone who knew Ken (Schwaber, co-founder of Scrum) to get in because the acceptance process was so subjective. Pretty much no one got in on the first try and sometimes people got kicked out because Ken “got mad at them.” Luckily, while presenting at a conference, I met a nice lady named Katie Playfair and, after watching me present, approached me about becoming a CST 

Taking a year-long break to recharge. About 3 years after college, I was exactly where I’d hoped it be- almost 3 years into a great job and earning well. Everybody was awesome- the team I worked with, my boss, teams I consulted for, my friends. I had good benefits and plenty of opportunities to grow at work and plenty to do outside of work. And I was severely depressed, stressed and burned out. I was unhappier than I have ever been and confused, because everything I worked for and wanted had happen and was continuing to happen. It’s such a gift and I’m so privileged and yet hated my life. I wan 

Hello, Good question, because I had a lot of interesting career moves. Let’s get a little recap of my life to see what happened as it they all were interesting to me. It was 1972. I was around 9 years old at the time. Born of two dissimilar cultures, and being the fruit of two lives strictly opposed to one another, I had grown up from a young age in an era where the cold war, since the early 60’s, was in its first eruption, and in an empire called back then, the USSR. Since the day I was born I had lived in the companionship of horses, and during the first part of my childhood, I had grown up in  

August 26, 2008. This was a day before my 19th birthday. Me and my mom had an arguement the night before. She told me she can't help me with my studies anymore. My younger brother is also in college, and my youngest sibling was spending his HS in a private school. Luckily, I wasn't paying high tuition fees on my University. I saw a job posted in one of the canteen's glass door outside my University. And this was where I started. I was hired as an Assistant Auditor to Globe Telecoms that time. I was still in college. I work at daytime and go to school at night. Was having my BSBA that time. This l

The best career decision I've made was when I left my 9-year stable job with a television company to pursue my dreams of becoming a chef. One day I told my manager that I was no longer happy and handed him my resignation letter. It was bittersweet because I used to love that job. It became a part of my life for over a decade, my comfort zone, indeed. I've made a family out of the amazing people I've worked with through the years but at the same time, I was excited and somewhat anxious to finally move on and break free from my norm. So I left, took my early retirement package and into the unknown 

I was about 30 years old and had a very long resume filled with dozens of minimum wage jobs or barely more that minimum wage. I worked at retail stores, I did deliveries, i tried a few times to start my own business but did not have a lot of success. My best year at that point had earned me around $25k (not very good in Southern California in the mid 2000’s). I also had very little in the way of useful schooling. I could not afford to attend a four year college so I settled for a 2 year degree in science and then several years later another two year degree in journalism. Somehow, I got married, 

OK Before telling BEST decision I will share my background… I’m 28 now, Mechanical engg…Indian guy working in Pune now… I was not placed in campus placement through college..as there was recession going on and companies were not hiring that much…2010–2011 period…Just FYI my engg aggregate was 65% But i wanted to enter design field so joined CAD courses in Pune and Institute where i did cad course said that they have 100% placement..I was tension free…I thought after 2 months of course i will have job in my hand…But after course completion they said there are no job openings for design so cant hel 

Taking a risk of leaving a nice well paying government job at the start of my career. I graduated with a BSc in Mechanical Engineering in Dec 2003. As was customary then amongst my peers, never to say no to your first job, I appeared in recruitment process of a job advertised by a public defense sector company and got selected after a very competitive process. Started working on advanced weapon systems. This was very exciting and thrilling research related work. And the project I was working on was quite strategic (Satellite Launch Vehicle) and at a very young age got an experience to work and s 

2007, I was sitting on my couch in my brand new apartment in Rotterdam. It was a rainy night in November and I was wondering what my life would be like now that I had my first own place, a stable pretty well-paid job as Distribution Centre Manager and a brand new company car. All at the age of 26. The Phone Rang… CEO of the Netherlands for the company I worked at on the other side: “ Hi Leon, how are you?” She said. “ Well very good! I’ve just moved into the apartment which I have been refurbishing for the past 11 months” I replied. “ I see, well Leon I got an offer for you”. My heart instantly p 

I think my most exciting, experience was when I decided that I don’t want to be a designer anymore. It isn’t not literally I don’t want to use design software or explore about the field, but I just realised I am more interested into the research and big scope behind the visual itself. I took my B.A in Visual Communication Design back in 2001 because I felt that this field is my whole interest. I was a teenager and realised that I am creative, love to draw, so Graphic Design might be something I was looking for. But then when I was in my dissertation, I was so drown into research, marketing analy 

What career path isn't for softies?
Call Center Representative  Look at all those smiles. People working to solve people’s problems, it’s so fulfilling, right? Can’t wait to dive back onto the floor to help someone with their problems! Sounds awesome at first, but that’s just the marketing hoopla they feed you to hook you in to the world of HELL. Here’s the truth about working as a call center agent in customer service. You work 9 hour shifts with breaks like everyone else. Unlike other careers where there’s usually some downtime available throughout the shift to take a breather, in call centers you are pretty much working those full

Public School Teaching. While the misperception that it is a cushy job is fairly common, nothing could be further from the truth. Almost every other job with the same educational requirements as teaching pays considerably more.The supposed “summers off” are generally spent putting your house back together as you did not have time to do much to it throughout the school year, working a summer job, and spent on professional development or other training which is required to keep your license and often costs you money.Between staff meetings, special ed meetings, department meetings, meetings with pa

Forensic Scientist/Crime Scene investigator I recall a young girl telling that she wanted to go into forensics, but she also stated that she would faint at the sight of blood, including her own, and wanted to avoid it. Hmm, I said there is absolutely no way you can go into forensics and learn all the tricks of the trade to investigate homicides if you can’t handle the site of your own blood! I said unless you go into a hard science like chemistry or biology, but that’s not what she wanted. I also advised her that she can eventually specialize in something such as ballistics, document examinatio 

Human Resources. I know how most people don’t think of HR as a tough field. And yes, a lot of functions within it aren’t hard on the nerves (perhaps most actually). But some decidedly are. My sister is a senior HR executive with over a decade of experience. There was a point during the financial crisis at the end of the last decade when people were getting fired from the jobs left right and center, that she found it really hard. And I’ll give you a couple of actual cases to show you what I mean. Case A - This middle-aged guy was told that he was being laid off. Now the firm used to have a large com 

Thanks for the A2A, Sean Kernan, although given your stellar answer and your dad’s work, I doubt I can think of anything that’d qualify by your standards. I am, alas, a “softie” at least in the physical sense. Oh, sure, I did my time out in the fields and greenhouses as a teen, but most of my work since then has been a lot harder on my brain than on my body. And even things that are mentally challenging initially become easier once you’ve done them for a while, so I wouldn’t say my current job isn’t for “softies” — though it certainly isn’t for everyone; jobs I’ve done in the past have left me w 

 Tenure track Professor Three to five years of University degreeMaster’s degree of one to two years.PhD of three to seven years.Occasionally, A Post Doctoral study of variable time usually one to three years.Then you land a tenure track Position (Not so easy as it seems these days!)You don’t relax yet! You have a limited time, usually six years, to become tenured. After a certain period, your performance is up for review. You work super hard by doing research coupled with teaching duties. Then you get promoted to an Associate Professor role then after a period, usually four years, you become a ful 

There are a lot of career paths that are not for softies. (Thanks for the A2A Sean Kernan ) Rather than going into the actual jobs let’s focus on the characteristics that make them difficult. You don’t need all of these characteristics but the degree of them matters. And some people are softies in one characteristic and rock hard in another. But first let’s define softie. Just because someone gets sad, or cries doesn’t make them soft. It’s the lack of resilience and not being able to get back into it that makes someone soft. Many jobs can be tailored for someone who is soft. It’s more important  

Every career choice is different, with pros and cons added to it. Three career options call for serious mental strength. Let's take a look here:  Consulting: One of my close friends worked in two leading consulting companies, Deloitte and PwC, and I can honestly claim that the position of consultant, whether a technology consultant or a management consultant, is not straightforward. Why? Why? Since you're still in front of your customer, and any single minute you have to deal with a new technology or business challenge. The worst thing is that when you have to send the customer a demo of the sof

This is a picture of a Facebook moderation center in Berlin.  At the first glimpse, you might think something along the lines of “Oh, it’s just people sitting on a desk working with computers. Boring. Nothing different from my average 9 to 5 workday at my office.” But if you really want to get a small glimpse of what being a Facebook moderator is like, just ask these employees. Trust me, you don’t ever want to be one. That career path is not for softies. It’s where traumatizing material is basically a job. People who work there sit at a computer and view some of the most horrible things online which 

Owning a business.  I don’t care how instagram portrays the lifestyle of entrepreneurship, or how incredible people online make it seem. Owning and operating a real business is one of the most challenging career paths an individual can possibly choose. Whether you provide a service or sell a product, your customers depend on you night and day. If any of your clients encounters an issue, you, the business owner, will be tasked with alleviating whatever problem it is they’ve confronted. It’s 7:30 AM on a Saturday morning, and you’ve had a little too much to drink the night before? Yeah well it’s brig 

What were the strangest career paths in history?
Should I choose ECE or CSE?
CSE and ECE are both amazing branches. Before selecting either of the two, you need to keep a few things in mind: 1.) Placements: ‘Placements’ is a word that can wake an aspiring engineer up from his slumber!! Both the branches are quite lucrative. Your selection of either depends entirely on the kind of niche that you want to carve for yourself. Before choosing either of the two, do a bit of groundwork on the kind of roles that both the branches have to offer. Along with a good salary, you also need to make sure that you have job satisfaction, and that can only come when you are doing something t 

I am a sophomore currently...I wanted to pursue CSE when i was in 12th...but ended up getting admission in ECE... In my freshman year I wanted CSE badly but gradually learnt that ECE is the right branch for me...The following are some of the reasons I proudly say I study ECE... 1) Difficulty: Both are pretty much the same level but ECE being a little difficult as you have to mug some things up...but it will largely depend upon the attitude you possess while learning the subjects...mugging up gets really easy if you practically understand the thing and then try to remember..I am sure you will d 

Individual Perspective: I had graduated from NIT AGARTALA,ECE,2017.I had purely opted ECE just because everybody suggested me to take it,”since It has a lot of flexibility such that you can opt for software and core jobs. So,I had preferred ECE over CSE while selecting the branches.After joining I was completely lost in academics for the first semester.Till my third semester I blamed my selection for ECE and in the meanwhile time has passed fast to third semester,did not learnt the basics required during the First,Second and Third semester. By the time I had been to fourth semester I realised  

Before we divulge into the ‘CSE vs ECE’ debate, we should understand a very simple point - both of the streams are divisions of Electronic Sciences. First let us take a look at what the differences between CSE and ECE, in India and in the UK. CSE is a more programming based stream where you are expected to be proficent in algorithms, a few very fundamental programming languages (C/C++, JAVA) and further top it off with a few new age options (Python, Ruby on Rails). ECE on the other hand, focuses more on the physical habits of semiconductor devices, ways of integration of analog and digital devic

The question is like asking should I have orange juice or mango juice ? What I mean is that each one has a different taste and no one can just compare between these two. Rather you should look into what these subjects cover? And then choose the stream on the basis of your interest on the subjects and not on other’s opinion. So what is there in CSE? Being a CSE student you have mainly 3 areas. First one is competitive programming. Second is web development and the third one is about network security. There exists a few other areas, but these are the ones I know of very well. Competitive programming  

Make your choices based on your interest. First things first - go for engineering if you like Mathematics , Physical Sciences and Reasoning.If you like Physics (semiconductor related stuff ) and Maths - ECE would be a good choice. If you do not like Physics take up Computer Science Engineering. Knowledge gained: You’ll gain knowledge in both the courses. When you take up ECE you get to know the working of semiconductors from scratch. You start with circuits and eventually go the processor level design. ECE is more about engineering at the lower level.CSE takes you through programming, how

Being a ECE student, i can say it depends! You have to first go through your state of mind and your career goals in future. Just introspect yourself and think where you want to see yourself after 5–8 years. CSE AND ECE both has its pro’s and con’s Let me start with CSE-Coding is at a boom these days, rising no. of startups need developers and coders. Options are wide in computer science, lots of computer and assembly languages to be learned. But the thing is apart from being so much wide, CSE people often bound themselves in areas which they dont think they or are sure of in excelling! Dont look f 

well before you take any decision be sure if YOU want to do it!!.. yes.. it matters  a lot because 2 years from now (and i have seen many people do it) you will be putting all the blame on your parents and neighours and stuff.... so 1. Pinpoint your interest!!2. Dont let placements influence you (yes , sounds weird but if you're good at what you do, no one can stop you from getting a job!! )3. Since you dont wanna do anything in the corporate sector i'd assume placements aint a problem.. now comes the part where the scope of the subject matters-the MOST IMPORTANT THING we as engineers shou 

Hope you are going to study in a college under Anna university/ some other state university. Let me explain in terms of career opportunities. CSE gets you job in service based IT industry and in product based companies alone. ECE gets you the same job and additionally it provides you opportunity in core electronics and telecom industries. Also there is scope for government jobs too.CSE teaches C, C++, JAVA, DBMS and some other concepts which will definitely help you in IT sector. ECE teaches C and OOPS &amp; DS in C++. It teaches you the basic programming.CSE has some ECE papers like digital electr

ECE is about electronics and how the different electrical components (Microprocessor, RAM etc) communicate with each other. It has more Physics in it. There is a little programming involved but not much. CSE deals with telling these components what to do and when to do it; by programming them. It has a lot of logic involved and Maths too. Eg: In designing a tablet/phone, all the hardware work is done by the ECE people and all the software stuff (making the different components like RAM, processor talk to each other, and the Operating system) is done by the CSE people. Both are inter-dependent. Pl 

How much does an astronaut working on the ISS get paid?
Why do so many people with expensive degrees settle for low-paying jobs?
 “Settle” for low-paying jobs? You can’t be serious, Dude. There was a time in the US when you could get a great job if you earned a bachelor’s degree in “anything.” The catch is that JFK was president at the time. Thomas B Walsh's answer to Why do so many universities offer worthless majors? Most parents (and their students) are oblivious to how college really works today. In some ways it is hard to blame them. Colleges and universities have a powerful public relations team, pushing the message 24/7 that "college is for all." The team is made up of educators, guidance counselors, financial aid office 

Question: Why do so many people settle for low-paying jobs with expensive degrees? Answer: I have a degree. It was not from an expensive university. Also, every job I have ever had has been a low-paying job. I was born in Wyoming, in the United States. In 2017, I graduated with a bachelor’s degree in mathematics, and minor in computer science from a public university in Colorado. I work low-paying jobs because applying for mid-level and high-level jobs does not work. Every time I submitted an job-application, I received an email within seconds saying, “We have successfully received your application fo 

After college, people are still lost and finding themselves. We are honest, people are still kids at 18–22. People are still trying to figure out life. You do need to at least build some relevant skills, self-efficacy, and learn to work with people for at least 3–4 years as a professional. Unfortunately, cultures are telling everyone to get married and have kids. So you have to work, that can play a role in why people settle for low-paying jobs. Other factors include not having a sense of direction. Are not applying themselves. “Just get a job that pays the bills” is messing people up. They get 

This is based on a common misconception. Companies don’t hire people because they are highly educated. They hire them because either they are skilled or they are likely to become skilled. In essence they hire people because they are intelligent and functional. They want people who are likely to do the job to a high standard. That is it, that is all that matters. In the past only the intelligent went to University and only the really intelligent passed. So anyone with a degree would immediately get positive attention. Now though it doesn’t really help differentiate people, so it is pretty much i 

I have rarely seen so many bad answers to a question on here. Why do so many people with expensive degrees settle for low paying jobs? I can tell you some answers from a half dozen people I know who settled for low paying jobs. It was not because they couldn’t find high paying jobs. Nor was it because of student loans, which makes no sense given if that was problem, then they wouldn’t have the degree. Because they would rather have the flexibility of a low paying job to spend time with family. I’ve heard this one twice, from people with good degrees.Because they are flat out unmotivated. I’ve hear

Unlike most people who answered this question. I know what you mean. Let's start with tradition. As kids we observe habits our parents have and life changes generationally. What worked for your parents isn't necessarily going to work for you. We are told the importance of working and providing for ourselves and others. However, there aren't many that challenge the status quo. From 17 until now (29) I've had a different job in a totally different field nearly every year or so. I wasn't content and didn't want to settle. Back in the day, changing jobs frequently was more taboo, but if you've worke 

Because All degrees are expensive now, and student loans are predatory. According to this report, The average US student spends $25,396 per year to attend a four year college. To take out a total of $100k in loans means paying back $100k plus interest. I won’t explain the entire poverty cycle here, suffice to say that until you get a really well-paying job, the only things you’re doing in life are working a terrible job and paying loans.“Entry level” tech or comp sci job applications frequently require more experience than someone who has just graduated college has, and don’t pay very well for 

TL;DR: the cost of the degree is not a measure of the value of the person in the labor market. I think this happens because many expensive degrees are actually not relevant for real life jobs. I read recently an article about some Spanish guys that were not able to find jobs in their area of expertise, but their area was so small the number of graduates was many times higher than the market needs. It was something like marine biology, but there are many other similar areas. Another reason is that too many people pursue advanced (and expensive) degrees just to spend a bit more time of college lif 

There are 4 main reasons Because college education is not as good as it used to be. College for all is a big thing and has been for a couple of decades. That means alot of dummies have college degrees now. people tend to choose stupid worthless degrees. Anything in an easy degree/major probably will not pay well ever for the vast majority of people. People are told to study what you love or are passionate about. That is probably the worst advice ever if you want to make much money unless you happen to be passionate about computer science or engineering. How many art majors, English literature, c 

The person needs the money and has pounded their head against the employment wall for long enough to run out of either patience or money. Not every degree pays off. You need to learn to research both jobs and careers. I knew a guy who got a microbiology degree. The best he could do to get a job in his industry was lab washup monkey. He cleaned the place for about minimum wage. He left his “industry” behind and started doing something like selling cars. Overview of BLS Wage Data by Area and Occupation Database Administrators The second is there for an example. Every kid reaching maturity should be tau 

I low-balled my "desired salary" for a position I'm applying to, not realizing that the norm was a fair bit higher. They've requested an interview. Would it be okay to raise my desired salary if it comes up?
First, I’d assume that your desired salary was entered into their application. That said, you have not even had your first interview yet. There has been no commitment made by either side. They are going to interview you to determine if you are qualified for the job, and if you are even more so than the other candidates. It does seem that many companies are willing to compromise performance of the candidate for lower pay. If your prospective employer is willing to do that, then also realize the tasks they would have you working on would be at the low-end of the excitement and challenge scale (unle 

Here is a skillful technique for handling this situation. First of all, do not mention salary until (unless) they offer you a job. At that point, if they offer you the low salary you noted, you can reply something like this: Thank you. I realize I requested this salary, and I feel it is a fair starting salary, as you do not yet know my value as an employee. I have also done some additional research, and I have leared that people (using this specific skill / or /with this training and job title) are often paid (higher salary). So I would like to propose the following. I will accept your offer as 

I got my first position by virtue of having the lowest asking price of acceptable folks they interviewed. Nothing wrong with that. Get the job by whatever means. Then shine in that job and ask for more. If they don’t give it, then you’ve got a job while you look for your next. In my case, After we had both seen each other, I had no problem getting steady raises well over simple cost of living adjustments. But you have a duty to look out for your own future. Your employer is looking out for their future. And everything is negotiable. If they ask you about your desired salary, you can tell them tha 

All that you have done up to this point is to indicate that you do not have an inflated, airy-fairy, notion of what people at your job level, in your field, ought to be paid. When the company gets around to making you a job offer, they will name a salary figure which is somewhere around the middle of those being paid to new entrants in such a job. They are not sitting back scheming how they can get you cheaply, and cheat you relative to other employees. If they did behave that way, most of their people would not be working there very long. If they decide to hire you, they are not going to ask yo 

Don’t feel alone in this one. In the past I have done the same thing with the desired salary I have asked for. Realize that you need the job so you don’t want to scare the potential employer away from the table with a high asking salary. to answer your question, yes of course you should say something like “after looking at the job description in detail I think that an annual salary of (blank$) would match up with the responsibilities that this position requires. I’m open to negotiate this so it’s not a deal breaker”. the reason I stand behind this approach is due to the fact it took me 12 ye 

Not only would it be “OK” for you to raise your desired salary expectation, either in the interview, or certainly prior to accepting a job, it is absolutely in your best interests to do so. I’ll repeat…do not commit to a below standard compensation package in order to get a job, this job or any other job. There are two good reasons for making sure that your beginning wage is fair to you, the job applicant… Every successive wage increase you receive, will be a factor, typically a percentage, of your beginning wage. So if you start low, you will obviously miss out on fair increases in the future. S

Depends on the circumstances, of course. As a recruiting part - I’d tell you to duck off (typo intended) because of the assumption that you threw a low number to get my attention because you fear being rejected (hence not trusting my integrity and/or your worth) otherwise. That’s manipulative and dishonest. As a co-human - I’d advise you to go not mentioning anything up to the point that they offer you the requested salary. Then, I’d play dumb duck and explain that there must have been a misunderstanding, a typo, bug in the software, magic and the bazzoba event. And of course ask if they’d be of 

This should be a lesson to anyone else reading. Never tell a recruiter your desired salary. As a former recruiter, I can tell you that it puts you at a disadvantage. Now that it’s done, in the interview, if they ask again, tell them that you expect to be paid a competitive salary that matches your experience and skills. And let them know you feel confident that if they decide to make an offer that it will be a good one (I wouldn’t necessarily mention having done some research because they probably expect that you would have already known what the job pays). Leave it at that. Most companies have  

The best way to play this is to interview them. Turn the tables. Ask somewhat aggressive questions, as if you are evaluating whether they are worth your value. If they bring up your lowball salary, point out to them that such a low salary would only be under ideal working conditions. They would need to provide adequate perks to make up for the discount…. You are willing to sacrifice the perks for a higher salary. Do you see what you did there? You showed them your VALUE is not less than anybody else's, but you are flexible in how that value is compensated. Most companies don't offer cars and fre 

First, you might want to determine if the interview was granted based on your knowledge, experience and talent, rather than the amount you're willing to take for the job. Secondly. I caution you about allowing greed to steal your joy or the possible accomishment of obtaining a job that will either make you happy or place you in a position to eventually achieve happiness. Originally, you applied for this job and offered to take the salary you did for some reason. I suggest you go back to that reason and stand behind your original offer because it shows fortitude, honesty and decisiveness on your 

What are examples of surprisingly low salaries paid to actors in hit movies?
One film, EVERYONE was begging for a part, any part…Leonardo DiCaprio, Johnny Depp, Brad Pitt, Nicolas Cage, Al Pacino, Gary Oldman, Mathew McConaughey, Ed Norton, Kevin Costner, Viggo Mortensen. Sorry guys. Terrence Malick sent them all home. Bruce Willis even said that he would pay the crew to be in the movie. That was a fair offer, don't you think? Sorry, Bruce. Go home to Demi. Sean Penn said that he would take any part for one dollar. Terrence Malick had to think about that one. It was a tough call, but the man widely regarded as the world's greatest actor should get a part for one dollar. Okay 

It is no surprise that actors who have movie star status make a gigantic amount of money for the work they do. Despite the genre, studios are willing to fork out millions to pay a famous actor for featuring in their next blockbuster hit. Every time actor Robert Downey Jr appears as Iron Man he makes around $50 million. However, this is not the case for all movie stars. These household names have settled on surprisingly salaries in the past. Ryan Gosling  $1,000 per week for Half Nelson. This was an ultra-low budget film that gave Gosling his first Oscar nomination. Brad Pitt  $6,000 for Thelma &amp; Loui 

Jonah Hill was so desperate to work with Martin Scorsese that he took the SAG minimum salary to be in The Wolf of Wall Street. Scorsese thought he was taking a risk by casting a comedic actor in such a large role. Hill’s only notable dramatic performance prior to The Wolf of Wall Street was Moneyball, where he starred alongside Brad Pitt. Knowing this, Hill jumped on the opportunity to work with Scorcese for the minimum salary immediately. "I said, 'I will sign the paper tonight. Fax me the papers tonight.' I want to sign them tonight before they change their mind. I said I want to sign them befo 

 I recently came across the City of God 10 years later documentary on Netflix which is about the lives of the actors of the iconic movie. City of God was produced by Fernando Meirelles’ and the movie got nominated four times at the Oscars. It is so surprising that such an iconic movie which made 30 million on the box office had such underpaid actors. It is personally the first and only Brazilian made movie I watched. The budget is modest and explains maybe a little why the pay was so low. Also, there were a lot of actors, the inexperienced totaled 200. It is the story of young people who accepted  

KHAAAAN!  Most fans of STII are probably not aware how small a budget the film was made on. Wrath of Khan was produced on a meager $11M budget which was considered way too low for a film requiring intensive digital graphics and special FX. The first Trek film, by comparison, was produced in 1979 on a $35M budget. I share the general consensus that ST The Motion Picture was a vastly inferior movie. Movie studios generally do not disclose actor salaries but it is known that Ricardo Montalban agreed to reprise Khan for only $100K. His intended offer is not known but it’s believed to have been at lea 

 New Line got Jim Carrey for the relative bargain of $450,000 for 1994’s The Mask. The deal was already signed before Ace Ventura: Pet Detective became a surprise hit. Ace was released in February of ‘94, and made Carrey an overnight sensation. The Mask was slotted for the summer 1994 release schedule. Made for a mere $23 million the film would go on to do $351.6 million in worldwide ticket sales. This made it the second most profitable film based on a comic up to that point, right behind 1978’s Superman. Due to good timing and luck, he had negotiated a $7 million paycheck for Dumb and Dumber - w 

Captain Phillips  A $55 million dollar budget film notably stars Tom Hanks as Captain Phillips however the man on the left, Barkhad Abdi.  Famous for the line “I am the captain now”, who starred as the leader of the Somali pirates boarding the ship and was nominated for an Oscar for Best Supporting Actor and won the BAFTA for best supporting actor earned… drum roll&gt;&gt;&gt; $65,000 dollars sounds like a good salary for an average joe but this guy was the leading supporting actor in a major film nominated for many awards and he earned $65,000. To put that into context, in movies the minimum wage as set by  

Here are some examples: 1.Captain America: the first Avenger   Chris Evans was one of the lowest paid actors in the set, earning just $300,000 for his first solo movie. During the age of Ultron, his pay significantly increased. 2.Fifty shades of grey:   Jamie Dornan, who played the swoon worthy billionaire Christian grey, earned a measly $300,000 for the first film of the franchise. In order to keep him from leaving, they paid him almost $6.9 million for both the remaining films. 3.Wonder woman   Gal Gadot was paid a meagre $300,000 for her blockbuster hit Wonder woman, which raked in a massive $870 milli 

Here Are Quite A Few… Harrison Ford, Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope: $10K  That’s it! All he made for a 775 million dollar box office sales.  Now this one just makes me angry… Barkhad Abdi, Captain Phillips: Known for the lead role as a pirate in this movie, the guy only made 50,000 USD, a small amount for a whole movie, but what shocks you even more is that his co-star, Tom Hanks made 50,000,000!  Corey Feldman (Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles) Voicing as Donatello in the 200 million box office sales movie, Feldman made 1,500 dollars in total!  Daisy Ripley and John Boyega, Star Wars Episode VII: The Force 

One of the most memorable moments of the holiday classic "Home Alone" is the sudden and surprise appearance of legendary comic actor John Candy.  What you may not know, however, is that Candy's role as Gus Polinski, the "Polka King of the Midwest," was done as a favor by Candy for the movie's producer John Hughes, and he was only paid $414 for his appearance in the film, a paltry amount he claimed to never even have received. It was, however, the standard daily SAG rate at that time, to be fair, and Hughes milked his availability for the FULL 24 hours of that filming day, entirely improv, at tha 

Does the US president get paid for life?
What are examples of surprisingly low salaries paid to actors in hit movies?
One film, EVERYONE was begging for a part, any part…Leonardo DiCaprio, Johnny Depp, Brad Pitt, Nicolas Cage, Al Pacino, Gary Oldman, Mathew McConaughey, Ed Norton, Kevin Costner, Viggo Mortensen. Sorry guys. Terrence Malick sent them all home. Bruce Willis even said that he would pay the crew to be in the movie. That was a fair offer, don't you think? Sorry, Bruce. Go home to Demi. Sean Penn said that he would take any part for one dollar. Terrence Malick had to think about that one. It was a tough call, but the man widely regarded as the world's greatest actor should get a part for one dollar. Okay 

It is no surprise that actors who have movie star status make a gigantic amount of money for the work they do. Despite the genre, studios are willing to fork out millions to pay a famous actor for featuring in their next blockbuster hit. Every time actor Robert Downey Jr appears as Iron Man he makes around $50 million. However, this is not the case for all movie stars. These household names have settled on surprisingly salaries in the past. Ryan Gosling  $1,000 per week for Half Nelson. This was an ultra-low budget film that gave Gosling his first Oscar nomination. Brad Pitt  $6,000 for Thelma &amp; Loui 

Jonah Hill was so desperate to work with Martin Scorsese that he took the SAG minimum salary to be in The Wolf of Wall Street. Scorsese thought he was taking a risk by casting a comedic actor in such a large role. Hill’s only notable dramatic performance prior to The Wolf of Wall Street was Moneyball, where he starred alongside Brad Pitt. Knowing this, Hill jumped on the opportunity to work with Scorcese for the minimum salary immediately. "I said, 'I will sign the paper tonight. Fax me the papers tonight.' I want to sign them tonight before they change their mind. I said I want to sign them befo 

 I recently came across the City of God 10 years later documentary on Netflix which is about the lives of the actors of the iconic movie. City of God was produced by Fernando Meirelles’ and the movie got nominated four times at the Oscars. It is so surprising that such an iconic movie which made 30 million on the box office had such underpaid actors. It is personally the first and only Brazilian made movie I watched. The budget is modest and explains maybe a little why the pay was so low. Also, there were a lot of actors, the inexperienced totaled 200. It is the story of young people who accepted  

KHAAAAN!  Most fans of STII are probably not aware how small a budget the film was made on. Wrath of Khan was produced on a meager $11M budget which was considered way too low for a film requiring intensive digital graphics and special FX. The first Trek film, by comparison, was produced in 1979 on a $35M budget. I share the general consensus that ST The Motion Picture was a vastly inferior movie. Movie studios generally do not disclose actor salaries but it is known that Ricardo Montalban agreed to reprise Khan for only $100K. His intended offer is not known but it’s believed to have been at lea 

 New Line got Jim Carrey for the relative bargain of $450,000 for 1994’s The Mask. The deal was already signed before Ace Ventura: Pet Detective became a surprise hit. Ace was released in February of ‘94, and made Carrey an overnight sensation. The Mask was slotted for the summer 1994 release schedule. Made for a mere $23 million the film would go on to do $351.6 million in worldwide ticket sales. This made it the second most profitable film based on a comic up to that point, right behind 1978’s Superman. Due to good timing and luck, he had negotiated a $7 million paycheck for Dumb and Dumber - w 

Captain Phillips  A $55 million dollar budget film notably stars Tom Hanks as Captain Phillips however the man on the left, Barkhad Abdi.  Famous for the line “I am the captain now”, who starred as the leader of the Somali pirates boarding the ship and was nominated for an Oscar for Best Supporting Actor and won the BAFTA for best supporting actor earned… drum roll&gt;&gt;&gt; $65,000 dollars sounds like a good salary for an average joe but this guy was the leading supporting actor in a major film nominated for many awards and he earned $65,000. To put that into context, in movies the minimum wage as set by  

Here are some examples: 1.Captain America: the first Avenger   Chris Evans was one of the lowest paid actors in the set, earning just $300,000 for his first solo movie. During the age of Ultron, his pay significantly increased. 2.Fifty shades of grey:   Jamie Dornan, who played the swoon worthy billionaire Christian grey, earned a measly $300,000 for the first film of the franchise. In order to keep him from leaving, they paid him almost $6.9 million for both the remaining films. 3.Wonder woman   Gal Gadot was paid a meagre $300,000 for her blockbuster hit Wonder woman, which raked in a massive $870 milli 

Here Are Quite A Few… Harrison Ford, Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope: $10K  That’s it! All he made for a 775 million dollar box office sales.  Now this one just makes me angry… Barkhad Abdi, Captain Phillips: Known for the lead role as a pirate in this movie, the guy only made 50,000 USD, a small amount for a whole movie, but what shocks you even more is that his co-star, Tom Hanks made 50,000,000!  Corey Feldman (Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles) Voicing as Donatello in the 200 million box office sales movie, Feldman made 1,500 dollars in total!  Daisy Ripley and John Boyega, Star Wars Episode VII: The Force 

One of the most memorable moments of the holiday classic "Home Alone" is the sudden and surprise appearance of legendary comic actor John Candy.  What you may not know, however, is that Candy's role as Gus Polinski, the "Polka King of the Midwest," was done as a favor by Candy for the movie's producer John Hughes, and he was only paid $414 for his appearance in the film, a paltry amount he claimed to never even have received. It was, however, the standard daily SAG rate at that time, to be fair, and Hughes milked his availability for the FULL 24 hours of that filming day, entirely improv, at tha 

Are mercenaries well paid?
Have you ever worked at a job that you couldn't believe you actually got paid to do it?
Why are school teachers paid so little relative to the impact of their job on children?
Jobs and Careers: 
Vision. I used to work in a local college in Chengdu, Sichuan, China and I was content with working there at first because the job market in 2005 was not as promising as it is now. Plus, college teacher is considered a very stable job for women in China, which can even make them attractive to men since Chinese men rate teacher the best job for women. But when I began working with my colleagues, I began to change my attitudes towards my life. They were so ambitious that they made me wonder whether I was going the wrong direction. They had something in common: A’s father went through the cultural r 

Mostly because people are lazy. Partly because people are scared. Partly due to a lack of imagination. And held together by a sticky substance called comfort. I'm a serial entrepreneur. I'm currently running two successful companies, and starting up a third. I've also had multiple unsuccessful ventures. I'm not ludicrously wealthy by any stretch of the imagination (unlike another responder here, who thinks that because people in the third world live on $2/day, we should be happy to take whatever we can get). Just my background, now on to the answer. 1. People Are Lazy:I don't mean this as a jud 

 Many of the thoughtful answers here have dissected the personal values question underlying the question, so I'll offer a slightly different angle: Why do so many people stay in jobs they don't find meaningful? "Content" is a very relative term. The dictionary definition means satisfied or accepting one's station in life. But in the professional sense you mean, I think it more closely resembles a Pareto principle. People stay in jobs because they get their life to a kind of balance they can tolerate in their lives. They may not be happy, but they are in jobs that give them enough income to cov 

Because not everyone wants to put in the effort that it takes to get rich, or make an impact etc, for many simple day to day life is a struggle.  In most cases, getting rich isn't just a simple decision, but a very intensive organized pursuit of skills and opportunities that most people just aren't capable of making the grade or want to endure the stress of (generally higher incomes come with higher stress, just ask my brother (director level) who makes more than me (blue collar grunt) but also has diabetes and high blood pressure to show for it).  Very often there is a degree of sacrifice inv 

Why don't more people want to get rich OR try to make a bigger impact that can change the world? Well, some can't - they either lack the power, the privilege, the money, the intelligence, or the drive to do so. And some don't want to.  People who actually make a difference almost always have an inherent advantage over others. Even with the best education, no one can be a Darwin, or an Einstein. Folks like Bill Gates and Elon Musk are outliers. One can replicate all their actions but not their success. Not everyone can pick up a guitar, practice for years, and become the next Hendrix. The best in 

There's wanting and then there's doing. Imagine that you're living 50,000 years ago in a small tribe. The other people in your tribe wander around every day in the same areas looking for food, which is slowly getting harder to find. But at least the area doesn't have many threats. You have a feeling that there is a better way, but it would involve climbing over a high mountain where you may die. It's also full of wild animals that look dangerous. You mentioned this idea to a couple of people and they suggested that you're a little crazy and you might be dangerous to have around. So you try not t 

Are "so many people content with just earning a salary and working 9-6 their entire adult life", as the questioner presumes? Really? Other people contend that, in the USA at least, people are not happy on average. They are not even content. They are neurotic and exhausted. They feel that, at best, they are treading water. They experience much of life as if in a pressure cooker. Increasingly the feel that, at any moment, they'll lose their job and maybe even end up  homeless. On the other hand, anthropologists and psychologists have published studies that  contend that sustenance farming peasan 

Here's the actual answer to the question: There's an inverse correlation between contentedness and drive. Here's some background: When you make enough money to live a comfortable life, it's not worth the risk or time exchange or both for some to "change the world" in the sense that you mean.  Most people are content with the status quo. That's human nature. That's how societies work and become successful. There's a shared set of goals and values and if you've achieved those in your society, a sense of belonging and pride tend to ensue.  Contentedness follows. What about those that want to take it t 

I remember a story I read sometime back while surfing through, which very well connects with the question : There was once a businessman who was sitting by the beach in a small Brazilian village.As he sat, he saw a Brazilian fisherman rowing a small boat towards the shore having caught quite few big fish. The businessman was impressed and asked the fisherman, “How long does it take you to catch so many fish?”The fisherman replied, “Oh, just a short while.”“Then why don’t you stay longer at sea and catch even more?” The businessman was astonished.“This is enough to feed my whole family,” the  

From a headhunter’s perspective, as someone who recruited multitudes of candidates from analyst level to Chief Executives, from one 9–5 job into their next, I have a pretty good sample size and inside peek into their psychology of why hoards of people choose to do this*. *Passion aside. This article is simply stating why people choose the 9–5 construct. I’m not debating levels of passion because I’ve seen people who work with passion OR without, as an employee OR as an entrepreneur. Passion is not the problem (that would be off-topic). Here are a few reasons why by order of frequency that these  

Will my salary increase every year as a software engineer?
Is the Singaporean military well-paid?
Would you take a pay cut to leave a toxic workplace?
If you work in a toxic work environment you’ll eventually be taking a ‘cut’ of some description. Here’s what to expect… A cut in confidence — working with toxic people will eventually erode your self-confidence in your decision making and abilities. You will start to second guess yourself as you receive no support or encouragement from colleagues. You may even put forward solutions that you know are ineffective but will cause the least bite-back or negativity from troublemakers in your workplace which will lead to… A cut in your productivity — managing toxicity in the workplace is a FULL TIME jo 

Would and have. I have had jobs that were very fulfilling and rewarding that left me with a feeling of accomplishment. There was true leadership and the managers were true leaders. But then there are the jobs that just fuck your soul. I mean, I could feel (I’m exaggerating here, :-) ) my soul escaping my body as soon as I entered the building to my place of employment. This place was the seventh circle of hell. Anyone who has ever worked in nursing homes, well, you know what kind of three ring shit show these places can be. I worked at a nursing home that was just like all the others, only much wo 

I have many times. What good is money going to do when you're dead? If you've never read Studs Terkep's book, "Working," it's a worthwhile read. In that book he exposes how work placses are intentionally designed to be toxic. This is the nature of the Illuminti witchcraft system into which we have been born. Every feature of the world system mirrors Satan's kingdom of darkness, and his kingdom mirror's the kingdom of God in heaven which he has been dispossessed of but in reverse. The structure is similar, but the whole system is based upon lies.that steal, kill and destroy souls. This is the p 

I am assuming that you have another offer from a company (because you identified a “pay cut”). Since you have already made up your mind to leave your current position, the question merely revolves around pay. What you are really asking is: “should I stay in my current position until I receive another job offer that better meets my salary requirements”. That is tricky. Unless you have worked at this new place before (or with someone that is currently there), you have no guarantee that this new place is less toxic. You risk switching from one toxic environment to another at lower wages. On the other 

Thanks for the A2A. Would you take a pay cut to leave a toxic workplace? Yes, if you can afford to live. What price happiness? What price health? Use the checklist below to help you decide. TL, DR; I am going to use an unpleasant analogy: If you put a frog in a pan of lukewarm water and turn on the flame it will boil to death before it notices. Many of us are frogs. This particular workplace was toxic because it was all consuming. I allowed my job to completely take over my life. I was too close and couldn’t see it. I was edgy, getting frequent headaches, upset stomachs etc., losing my sense of humor 

Yes. Yes. Yes. You don't have to love your job and everyone in it, but if you spend every waking hour thinking up ways to leave, just leave! If it's the highest-paid job around, it's probably an effort to make good employees hesitate to look elsewhere. Don't make a scene or tell off management on the way out, just find another job, even at a lower starting pay, and write a classy resignation letter stating that you have accepted another position for a new opportunity. Believe it or not, assuming you make enough to meet your basic needs, having a job where you work with reasonable people doing so 

Of course! A truly toxic workplace is bad for you health, and there are better things in life than money. Here is a paragraph from the article “The health risks of a toxic workplace:” “Many of the workplace exposures are as harmful to people as secondhand smoke in terms of their effects on self-reported physical health, mental health, having a physician-diagnosed illness, and mortality,” says Jeffrey Pfeffer, a professor of organizational behavior at Stanford Graduate School of Business and author of “Dying for a Paycheck: How Modern Management Harms Employee Health and Company Performance — and 

I’ve done exactly that. I worked in IT for the DoC in my state and while I enjoyed the work, I loathed my coworkers and, particularly, the IT Director. My coworkers were quite a bit younger than I and wanted to play more than work. As for the IT Director. we’d have monthly meetings that would typically last an hour. She’s spend 59 minutes telling us how incompetent we were and then close the meeting by saying that she appreciated us and to keep up the good work. If we passed her in the hallway she rarely spoke and if we emailed her we usually received a one word reply. She was extremely arrogan 

Yes. The most important thing is not salary, but that you are happy and fulfilled in your work. A lot of people feel otherwise - just look at the number of questions people ask about which career or major yields the highest salary. However, despite the high pay, people who are not in a job with a good fit are just miserable. There were times when I was in the military when I was in a toxic environment. Obviously, in the military, quitting is never an option. I sometimes found myself counting the days when I or my boss were due for transfers. I was happy to retire from the military because I wou 

I left several jobs that I considered toxic because I could not trust a coworker. In my opinion, a nurse had to be honest at least on the job if not in her/his personal life. Dishonesty put my nursing license in danger and I could not work with someone I could not trust. I worked at a nursing home and loved my job. Then they hired another nurse who lied constantly. She also gave me a hard time because I was just an RN and did not have a BSN. She did not believe I should be on the management team because of that. What angered me most was that my DON told her something on my personal evaluation a 

Why would a CEO get paid 100 times more than the average employee? Are they worth it?
I think it depends on the company. If the company is already mature, has as large a market share as it is likely to get, and has no aspirations to further diversify, then perhaps there are a large number of CEOs who could keep the company stable, not do anything that would destroy shareholder value, and equally not be under much pressure to add lots of value either. In that case, perhaps that company does not need an extremely highly paid CEO. If on the other hand, the company is in turmoil, operating in a hugely competitive market that is in the process of being reinvented, there could quite l 

CEO pay is a very interesting topic;  especially considering that CEO's and the very wealthy readily admit (and strenuously argue in the courts) that the majority of their wealth is a result of luck and happenstance and has little to do with their qualifications, experience, ability, insight, or efforts.  [1] Some argue that CEO's get paid all this money because they Deserve it (because they have a lot of responsibility, they are unique in their qualifications, their pay reflects the value they bring to the company...which value includes profits as well as wisdom and experience....)The board sa

A very simplified explanation If CEO is able to create net positive value X and the next best person for CEO can create value Y and get paid lower salary Z then the CEO is worth X-(Y+Z). If a CEO is able to improve operations of a large firm generate $100 million in value, and the next best CEO could improve and generate $80 million in value and would work for a $5 million salary then in this case you could argue that it would be worth paying the better CEO up to $25 million dollars. $80-$5 = $75 $100-$25 = $75 It becomes a mix of opportunity cost and supply/demand and in the end it is what the mar 

I think the question is talking about large companies only. In a large company, it takes 3 people to "unionize" at the top compared with 10,000 or more to unionize at the bottom.  The average worker has game rigged against him by the very nature of capitalism.  Under FDR we had a modified form of capitalism where we mostly went with a capitalist system, but made tweaks to it based on the most common problems of capitalism.  For example, we understood that for a utility company the fair market price of natural gas when you own the pipes in February is "How much ya got?"  Based on this understand 

I don’t think there is any argument CEOs should be compensated for their contributions to a company. They are in charge of and responsible for leading a company. However, the truth is top executive compensation at many companies is continually rising at an alarming rate. The Atlantic reported that CEO’s and top executives at many American companies do not make 100 times the average employee. They earn 1,000 times as much money as the average American worker. This is taking into consideration their salary, bonuses, and stock options. As I mentioned, people should be compensated for their work. Ye 

2 years ago, I asked the same question. Then I happened to start a company that is in the process of taking off and was CEO for a year and a half. I look back on it with a better understanding of why CEO's get paid a lot more.  1. It is extremely stressful, you are responsible for making sure your employees get paid, your investors get a return, and the company continues to be successful. 2. you think about the company 24/7, even when with your loved one. 3. It has a impact on your friendship with many people.4. You will be hated because you need to make hard decisions that no one wants to d 

I think that numbers like 100X are a bit misleading.  Most of the CEO compensation that you read about in the news is upside, not base salary.  In Silicon Valley, some CEOs like Larry Page or Mark Zuckerberg actually have low salaries, in some cases $1.   For more common cases in technology, you might have a company where an engineer makes $100K/year plus 0.05% of equity and a CEO makes $250K/year plus 3% of equity.  If the CEO is also a founder, they might have $125k/year plus 12% of equity (or $1 and 20%, as in the examples above).  (I am just making up numbers here, these are not based on an 

The questioner is "sure" that 100 "average" employees at a large corporation can perform any task and solve any problem that the CEO of a the same corporation can perform or solve. This seems like a very unreasonable assumption for two reasons. 1. It is not generally true that groups of human beings outperform individuals. This is especially true when it comes to executive decision making functions. Decision making groups incur substantial costs due to communication, organization, competing agendas. In many situations, increasing numbers of decision makers can be seen to have a negative impact o 

My friends father owned a milk business. He owned close to 50 buffalos and cows. He had 5–6 care takers who'd feed these animals, also milk them twice in a day. Also 2 more helpers to serve milk door to door in cities. He had been in the milk selling business for over a decade and minted good amount of money from the business. He handled business at front, managed all the expenses, handled financials and made timely bank deposits. Uncle's younger brother worked on ground along other helpers. However, uncle started to notice a trend where the quantity of milk had started getting less day by day. 

I believe that 'true capitalism' is the correct economic order, if not for anything, because it is the first and most lasting system in history of mankind. This is mainly because it goes well with, and makes use of the natural tendencies in human nature. I also believe that there should be no limit on how much one earns. But what is true capitalism and are we applying it. An important part of capitalism is the free market principle and there should be no monopoly or dumping. That effectively means that all decisions should be only'economic based'. What we have today, I call unregulated/runaway  

Are mercenaries well paid?
Is 60k a year a high salary in the U.S.?
Nope, at least in general. It's about median income which means it's average. Medians are probably the best way to measure average income in the US because our income distribution is skewed right (or positive depending on who taught you statistics). Mean income is about $10,000 higher for that reason. Now if you're using this information to make a career decision you should know a couple of things. One, happiness stops increasing with income at around $75,000 a year in the US. That's around the point that every one of your basic needs are fully met. After that more money can only bring you plea 

Yes . . . and no. It’s all relative. Consider a $60,000 / year salary in a place like the Washington, DC metro area. That’s $5,000 semi-monthly (twice monthly) in gross, pre-tax income. First, factor in 5% for benefits ($250) (you did want medical, dental, and vision insurance, right?) and 25% withholding ($1,250) for income and payroll taxes. Second, factor in $1,000 to $1,500 / month for a 1BR apartment, depending on the location. Let’s split the difference here and make it $1,250 / month. (You could go lower with roommates or by moving further out . . . but depending on your job, that might impa 

(You really need to specify “for what.” A high or low salary is determined by career.) In IT that’s illegal alien wages, pretty much all across the country. I’m in the Midwest, far enough away from Chicago to be in a low-reasonable cost of living area. Even out here, remote, work-from-home billing rates are $50+/hr. Yes, you can find bottom feeding companies posting openings on Find Jobs in Tech and Job Search | Indeed wanting someone with 10+ years experience and paying only $80K, but they are deliberately looking to hire an illegal alien. Those positions go unfilled for years. If they do get fi 

Not really. In some places in the U.S. if you have no children, live in modest yet comfortable accommodations and have a dependable low maintenance car, you could be comfortable on that salary if you also have employer sponsored health insurance and a retirement plan your employer contributes to. Add in children, student loans, etc and it starts to become ramen, spaghetti and rice a Roni dinners, no eating out, no vacation, considering fresh food a very special treat. Also there are places $60k would not be livable AT ALL or only with government/family/charity assistance. Of course, government/c 

It depends on the location. In Manhattan, San Francisco, and downtown Los Angeles, 60k a year won’t get you much more than an old, cramped apartment and basic necessities like water, electricity, and food. If you have young children, you may even need government assistance to get by. In the suburbs, outskirts, and neighboring districts of those aforementioned cities (San Mateo, Brooklyn, Glendale, etc.), 60k a year is enough to live a comfortable albeit austere life. Splurging on vacations and luxury goods is out of the question, but if you manage your finances well, you can avoid having to live 

U.S. Census Bureau lists the annual median personal income at $35,977 in 2019. Then 60K is almost 2x – WoW 60K is a high Salary in the US. But we must dig more into Details. Come Let us calculate. High Salary is measured based on 2 factors. Job Title or the Industry or Field of work.Balance left after the mandatory Spent.My insights can help to determine the Salary needs. I have Stayed in different parts of USPresently staying in New York Metropolitan AreaNet Pay is the Real Salary: Every Employer will determine your value based on the gross income, but we must focus on the Take Home Salary becaus 

The average individual salary in the U.S. in 2019 was just under $49,000 per year. [1] So $60K is about 20% higher than average. That’s on the high end of the middle range for an individual. If that one salary accounts for the entire household income, it is almost dead-center average.[2] Of course, it makes a difference where in the U.S. you are. $60,000 in Manhattan or San Francisco is not even going to meet basic needs. With that income, for example, you could buy a house valued about $300,000 or less. That is less than half the cost of the absolute cheapest house in San Francisco.[3] Finding a place 

According to the US government, $60,000 per year is the median salary in 2020. That means that half the population earns more than $60,000 per year and half the population earns less than that. However, this is somewhat misleading, since the ones who earn less may earn much less while the ones who earn more may earn much more. And the difference becomes quite steep, the higher you go. There’s only $60,000 between $60,000 and zero. But there’s no upper limit. In my experience, this is a starting (entry-level) salary in nearly any profession that requires a graduate degree in anything. This may n 

It is a relatively high salary for a working-class person. We use a number that has no real meaning to determine “average income” in the United States, because if we did it properly, it would show how poor the working class actually is. Going back to elementary school, it’s important to remember the difference between the Mean, the Median, and the Mode of a data set. The Median income is what we advertise. That’s the “middle-most” value of the data when you order your sample from least to greatest, which is around $75,000. The reason this is meaningless is because if the bottom half of my data i 

Despite what a lot of people have said, $60,000 isn’t all that much. Factor in conservative numbers here: a car payment + Car insurance + gas + maintenance ($700–1000+ Per month), because a car is necessary if you’re outside of a city with a decent public transit system, rent + utilities-including wireless phone, internet, electricity, water, trash, sewer (~1,500+ a month), 1/2 health insurance and all of your doctors’ bills -because even IF your employer covers 1/2 of your insurance, and a lot of employers don’t cover ANY, you most likely won’t meet your deductible unless you have surgery (so 

Were you ever shocked to learn how much (or how little) a co-worker was making in salary?
One of my employees is resigning because his salary is lower than what he deserves, but our budget is tight. Should I decrease another employee salary to raise his?
Most businesses fail because they are undercapitalized, or, in other words, people do not project the costs of doing business properly. Paying people what they are worth is part of these costs. Looking at your sentence “ … is resigning because his salary is lower than he deserves.” This means a few things: the situation has changed since he was originally hired, and now he is valuable, and you (the owner/manager) agree. This means that your budgets do not reflect reality. Your suggestion “Should I decrease another employee salary to raise his,” means to me the first employee is a key employee,  

In reading the other answers to this question, there is some good advice relating to the question, some good advice that may help but doesn’t actually answer the question and a lot of answers that make assumptions related to the asker and his company may or may not be correct. While I agree with those people who wonder the owner/manager of a company would think it appropriate to lower an employee’s salary for reasons unrelated to that person’s work, it should be addressed directly. Many answers did this and, as they said, it is never a good idea to lower an employee’s salary unless there are sp 

How about cutting your own pay, and using the difference to increase his? Why is that not a good idea? Look. People go to work for all sorts of reasons—one of which is pay. Pay is a huge reason that they wake up every day and dedicate half of their waking hours to something that doesn’t otherwise serve them directly. Some companies pay under market-rate for skills, and some pay over-market. Some companies have wonderful leaders, teams, and do great things for the world—so their employees don’t feel like they need more money to do that work—they’re “fed” in other ways. Some companies need to pay t 

Honestly? I feel you should decrease your own salary. Don't punish someone else for your mistake of not balancing money correctly. If you decrease someone else's salary then they'll read into it too much and probably start to consider leaving. Then you're still in the same situation.. just with a different employee. If you explain to another employee that you're decreasing their salary to instead raise a different employee's salary they may read into that as you being incompetent, the business is failing, they're not good enough etc… Just be an adult and admit you messed up and decrease your ow 

Only if you want to lose the other employee. A better option might be to look for ways to increase your profits so you can afford to pay staff what they’re worth. Another option is to re-evaluate your business and figure out where you can make any cuts, or downsizing. Do you really need a full time secretary or can you hire a minimum wage high school student to just answer the phones and do the filing? Are you paying staff overtime in lieu if just hiring a full or part time staffer at straight pay? Can you ask staff to defer taking vacations this year to minimize the overtime requirement? Can y 

No absolutely the wrong thing to do the second employee, will just end up quitting. Want to keep employees give yearly, meaningful raises that are market competitive. Often cost of living isn’t enough. Sometimes you have to give someone a bump, because everyone else in their field has gotten one. Unfortunately the way a lot of people get a bump is changing jobs. Why do they change jobs, because the current one isn’t paying them what they are worth. I’ve personally stayed in the same job for 12 years now. Why because among other things, they pay me what I am worth. At least twice I can recall they 

No, no, no. Do not ever decrease another employee’s salary to solve a problem like this. You are more likely to lose multiple employees than solve your problem. All it takes is for the employees to think you will drop their salaries at what they’d see as a whim and they’ll be out the door. Goodness, most people live paycheck to paycheck. Random reductions in salary means they can’t predict when they’re hitting an iceberg. They won’t stand for it. If you actually have another employee that you can cut the salary on, maybe you don’t need that person at all and it’s time to let them go. If you can’ 

No, absolutely not. If you do, you will lose all of your good, properly positioned staff. Let the self-claimed underpaid employee go and restructure your business so that you operate with the correct staff numbers and salary structure. Basically, “Get a grip!” You are supposed to be a CEO, so act like one, for goodness sake. Regards, Peter R Roberts. (Company CEO for 25 years, employing from admin staff to PhD engineers in the UK’s third-biggest specialist geotechnical consulting firm.) I only mention this to prevent my parallel position as a professor from giving you the wrong impression that I wa 

Appraise the situation financially. Is he generating a profit margin for you (in your estimation) above what the other programmer is generating? If so, he is a better investment and you might want to keep him at a higher salary. If not, let him go, because he is replaceable. Also remember that sometimes a more favored employee acts as a paperweight on the efforts of the other staff members. Why work harder or be more innovstive if someone else will always be number one? Then when that “best” employee leaves the paperweight is lifted and the others rise to the occasion. And you realize you had o 

Absolutely not! Cut everyone's salary by some percentage to improve corporate working capital — but do not single out employees unless they are going to be laid off. It breeds resentment and destroys morale. Provide the employee with compensated time-off in lieu of a salary increase, a new title, or some perk or privilege until finances improve. Make sure you explain the situation to the employees. Personally, I would wish them well and let them resign — and redistribute the workload among the remaining qualified employees. Use the employee’s salary to give performance bonuses periodically in ac 

What are weird but high-paying jobs?
Air Traffic Controller. The average wage is said to be around $120,000. It is a difficult job but the pay compensates.The field of Anaesthesia. Anaesthesiologists are in charge of ensuring a persons safety before, whilst under and sometimes after surgery. For doing this, you can earn $300,000. With experience you can earn over $450,000. Naturally, you will need to have medical training which may prove to be a stumbling block. However, if you lack the motivation for that, an anaesthetists assistant can earn up to $93,000 per year.Hot Dog salesman. Salesman may be glorifying the position but the

If you are really looking for something amazing yet easy to do in life, then do research on the below given professions. 1.Bed Warmer  No one really wanna get into a cold bed. And over that, if you are not sure about electronic appliances so the night might become tough for you. In such situations hiring a Human Bed Warmer could be the best alternative. Yeah…..a human bed warmer…..There is nothing cheesy about this job. It’s all professional. Although it must cost you a lot, if you see from the other side then you can earn well by just laying down on the bed. 2. Plane repossession  Airplane repo men a 

 Sewer FlusherNot an alluring job but, you would be playing a vital role in keeping the country’s sewer systems flowing. Sewer flushers work to clear blockages caused by layers of non biodegradable wastes, oil or fats. Requirement being you should be comfortable to work in claustrophobic and smelly conditions. The salary ranges from £19,000-£30,000. EmbalmerAn embalmer prepares the dead bodies for funeral by camouflaging any physical damage to body and involves drainage of blood from body. This isn’t a job for faint-hearted peoples. With experience an embalmer can earn around £30000. Food Tasters 

To make a lot of money, you usually need a good job. Some people manage to get inherited or through another stroke of fortune. You can manage to do this in some cases, through weird, weird, or unusual jobs. Computer hacker If you've seen the House of Cards, you'll know that computer hackers can be replaced by "people." Not all hackers are malicious, and many work in the security industry. The salaries of "moral" computer hackers can be over 100,000. Plane repossession Want stolen planes, or even boats, to make a living? You can do this as a high level repo man / woman. The pay or salary for these  

There is usually a direct positive correlation between the distastefulness of the job or the onerous nature of the work and the compensation it earns. It’s an economic thing called supply and demand. Receptionist duties at HQ of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts &amp; Sciences, for instance, doesn’t pay much, because so many people would volunteer to do it for free. (They rented space from my LA employer where I did compensation/HR work in Jack Valenti’s day.) No longer have the pay survey databases at my fingertips, but some of the typically higher paying disagreeable job functions that do not req 

I don’t know a large amount about the profession but I would say a Riverboat Pilot is an unconventional high paying job, specifically in the New Orleans area. I know one guy that is in the profession, and I believe he works real hard with long hours but makes RIDICULOUS BANK!!! I’ve read that the annual salary for river pilot belonging to New Orleans-Baton Rouge Steamship Pilots' Association is around $400,000.00 (New Orleans-Baton Rouge river pilots negotiate pay, tariff increases). In general I’ve always heard it was around $300,000.00-$500,000.00, so I’m not sure if maybe other associations, 

I might sound outright ridiculous at first, but it makes a lot of sense when you read the whole thing. It is quite long indeed. Here goes.. Begging! You dont believe me? Well, here are some beggars you should know about. 1. Bharat Jain, 49, owns two flats in ParelBharat Jain, a 49-year old family man with an entrepreneurial outlook. He mostly works out of the Parel region of Mumbai, where he owns two apartments valued at around 70 Lakhs. However, early morning shifts and long work hours do not allow him to visit his place more than once a week.    Apart from this, he has rented out a shop to a juic 

Depends on your aptitude  1)Horse Rider/Exerciser : most people don’t realize is that other people help exercise and train the horses long before post time. The men and women who do this are called horse exercisers, and their primary responsibility is to ride the horses on non-race days and prepare them for the jockeys.This job generally only requires a high school diploma.Although you won’t get rich, if you’re a lover of horses and/or want to someday become a jockey, this is a great way to do it and bring home a solid paycheck. 2)Sommelier : A sommelier, or wine steward, usually works at an ups 

Ok, here's some: New York Sewer Workers - They are the highest paid sewer workers in the US, probably the world. Their typical base pay is $110,000, with overtime often exceeding another $100,000. The average sewer worker across the US is $40,000, from Connecticut at $50,000 to lowly Louisiana at $22,000. London, UK is not bad at $55,000.Agriculture Pilots in the US make an average of $90,000. It involves spraying toxic pesticides from an open-cockpit plane.Other real jobs which have difficulty filling positions include Porta Potty Cleaners, Road Kill Collection, Pet Food Testing, Crime &amp; Accid

Well some odd jobs that I can think of which pays well but is dependent on your ethics in life and whether you are hot or not are: ModelingSex TradeStripper / Night Entertainment (Hostess / Social Escorts)In some countries, odd jobs that are beginning to trend includes: Part time boyfriend/girlfriendHugging Partner (Charges by the hour)Crying Partner (Charges by the hour)CompanionshipJobs that require some level of financial knowledge: Part time security / bouncerValet (High end places + tips)Night Shifts (usually paid better cause less supply of labour)Farmers for gamers (Take the farming hassle

Is 60,000 euros a good salary in Germany?
I'm from Brazil, and I came to Germany in 2018, with a salary of 60k per year, gross. I came with my wife and dog… and being married, here, is financially a good deal, because we pay less taxes than single people, or widows, or people with two jobs, or freelancers (there are 6 tax classes in the country, which affects your liquid income). The city I chose is Berlin, and in this city, my personal opinion is that the food is great, and I have plenty vegetarian and vegan options, both on restaurants / bars or supermarkets. The downside of the city is the cost of rent, because it's inflated due to re 

👋 Quora community. I try and take a shot at this question, to add value from a different perspective. First and foremost, the background of the person writing the answer is important, so here is mine- In Germany since 2010, studied and worked here. Work areas - Finance, Investment, Consulting, Startup, Tech Now for the answer: I think anyone should consider overall decision to accept a job offer and move to/within Germany from three perspectives (1) Career (2) Life (3) Finance Grand Tip: If you are not able to adequately figure out two of these three categories, then you are not ready to take the  

No it is not anymore. It used to be a good salary 5 years ago. Unless you want to live hand to mouth, this is just okayish salary. Why? 50% taxes for which you get nothing in return (the state of German pension system is pretty evident from seeing the mediocre living standards of retired people, and the complete breakdown of healthcare system is evident from response to Coronavirus). I had a medical emergency there, and my wife called emergency and they didn’t even speak English. I could have died just because of a bloody language issue. Ultimately she had to call my Swiss health insurance compa

I assume you talk about a gross annual income - before taxes and contributions. As you do not mention which job and qualification this is paid for, the question whether such a salary means over- or underpayment in this respect, cannot be answered. The statistical average annual gross salary in Germany amounted to Euro 35,189 in the year 2018.[1] Therefore, Euro 60,000 is clearly above average, if you see the population as a whole, and only consider this income as such. Now, this does not reveal how wealthy you would be in fact. What is more interesting than the average is the median (which is the  

There are few answers of mine which may be of help. Also i want to reject all those notions that say Germany taxes 50% etc. It is just not true. I have in 6 years only paid about 18% Tax on my income. Total deduction is around 35% Which includes Pension contribution (9%) and Health insurance (7,5%) You do not pay anything else to state other than this. (I am married and hence lower overall deduction.) Also if you have kids you get kindergeld from the state which is 200 Euros a month per kid. Mayur Gondhalekar's answer to Is 58,000 EUR gross salary enough for a family of three in Hamburg, German 

What I am about to write below is my experience, and it can be different from others. So, to answer your question in one line: 60,000 euros, is a rather decent salary. I have roughly more or less the same salary. I work for a reputed software company in Berlin. As as most of the comments pointed out you end up paying 50% in taxes, pension and medical Insurance. In my case its 42% to be exact. So lets say after taxes and standard deduction, your in hand salary is 2700/-So following are my expenses: Rent: 950(Warm+Power+Internet+TV and Radio Tax).Monthly travel pass: 84 Euros(was 81 euros till 2019

I can only speak about Software Development in Berlin. I have no clue about other fields. I know other cities have higher salaries than Berlin, so figure that into your calculus. The IT / Software Development field, there is a glass ceiling of €65,000. You can break above it (I have) but it is tough to do, and the expectations are very much higher of you. They will expect you to lead, mentor, and may other things, not just be a “coding monkey”. Coding monkeys can make as low as €40,000. You may as well be flipping burgers in the Boston area where I’m originally from. This is painful from me, bec 

I have had a couple of Business partners from Germany in the past and we still meet once a year for a drink, actually last year we were talking just about that. From what I understand, it depends where in Germany you choose to live, what kind of role do you have, and your seniority level in that role, as well as what is your value to your employer (specialty niche or not). 60K Gross per year can be considered great or average depends on the role, for an example: If you are in the IT niche and an experienced specialist in what’s called a „senior“ engineering position or even an entry level manager 

Yes, very. Note that the question doesn't ask if 60k enables you to live the living standard you are accustomed to, or if 60k is fair for the kind of position you are offered, or your personal experience/skillset. 60k is way above the average salary, and will grant you around ~2.7k a month if you are single. Yes, you heard that right. Someone making 35k an year will make 2k a month, and someone making 50k will get 2.5k. It is almost impossible to raise your standard of living significantly within normal or above average salaries. Some typical salaries in Germany: Nurse(experienced) 38k Big4 Consultant 

Yes it is. This is generally a salary for an entry level engineer in Berlin. And if you are single, it is good enough. Around 42% tax deduction. You get around 3000 euros a month. I don’t think it is valuable to understand where that money is getting deducted but health is covered. The routine checkups and dental care is all covered with your health insurance. Public transport 80 euros a month. Rent could be anywhere between 400 to 600 euros a month including internet and extra costs. if you eat your lunch outside like most people and cook at home in the evening, it should be easy to get by with 300– 

Can you describe a time that your company only discovered that you were irreplaceable after they fired you? How did you feel? What did they do?
I used to work for a small English training school in Hebei province, China. I wasn’t fired, but I learned while visiting my family in the US that my boss was intending to discontinue my contract after I returned. This was problematic, not only because I would be out of a job, but because, as an English teacher in China, I have a work visa and resident permit that would expire if my job contract wasn’t renewed or replaced. Also, I would only have one month left on my contract after returning from vacation, so I strongly suspected that my boss was hoping to use that desperation as leverage agai 

Well, not irreplaceable, but they did struggle after I left. Loads of Schadenfreude from my side. I used to work alone at the hotel reception on weekends, national holidays and when the boss and his sister, who shared their shifts during the week went on holidays. So, during the weekends I was the only one responsible for a hotel of 20 rooms. The first year it was alright with only a few minor issues, but those should have already told me that something was amiss. I had to be at the reception from 07:00 in the morning until 1pm in the afternoon. After that I had to be on call. Check-Out and Check 

Whatever job I’ve had since I left school I’ve given it 101% effort. Maybe not my first job or second job quite has much, but thereafter absolutely. I always tried to make myself indispensable, that way, I would be the last to be made redundant if it came to it. I started work in my third job at 18 working in a warehouse, but through hard work and people leaving the company, I was made in charge of the warehouse after just 3 years. I also had just one person to work with from 4 when I joined. So I had made the job for two people instead of four and I give it my all. Unfortunately though, the bu 

“Can you describe a time that your company only discovered that you were irreplaceable after they fired you? How did you feel? What did they do?” Well…. I encountered such.I was “the old one” in their architecture office. Me the first one which they associated hired (and who staid). Hereover in France there is a strong wall between architects and enginiers. Architects think that enginiers are good for nothing, just for to trouble them, for to hinder architects to make their beautiful work, their fabulous concepts, their magnificient projects.Well,sometimes some rare architects can grasp that 

Not irreplaceable just useful. I was freelancing for a defence company and my three month rolling contact was about to end, time to negotiate an extension, well that’s your agent’s job. Except mine didn’t so I had to. No problem the project is half way through and the client is happy with me. I negotiate a fair (to both parties) rate for a three month extension. I had a long weekend booked for a romantic trip to Paris at the end of the contract and explain to my agent that he needs to bring the new contract in for signing on the Friday. The romantic weekend was a disaster, I got food poisoning 

In 1988 I started working for a small electronics manufacturer. My childhood friend Gary worked there where his dad Johnny was a VP. Johnny was an asshole but he could see I was clean cut, respectable and a hard worker. I started out counting parts, moving pallets, and doing dumpster duty, I worked for a horrendous annoying bitch named Donna. She was about the most nasally, passive aggressive drama queen I had ever met. She made my life a living hell, but I needed the job. $4.85 per hour was almost 30% over minimum wage. So I put up with her crazy ass. This company had 30 employees and I was at  

How my boss realized I was irreplaceable: After leaving my previous job because my employers were dishonest, I found a new job as a purchaser for a real estate developer. We would find run-down houses to buy and then the developer would send work crews to rehabilitate the properties and then he would rent or re-sell them. My new boss had already hired a purchaser a few days before, but he decided to take a chance on me as well, hoping he could double his inflow of real estate. My new co-worker and I started work on the same day. My boss worked out of his home and there were 2 desks to choose from 

Maybe it would be nice to hear where a company DID realise you were valuable … I was working as a software developer for a large telecom company. Generally I didn’t have a huge amount to do, but occasionally I did - and there were no other software folk around. The company had written a truly awful call centre system (back in head office, in the UK - we were in Australia), and were trying to sell it. I looked at it, and came to the conclusion it was so awful, it was irrecoverable. (They eventually withdrew it from sale). So I thought, as a side project, I would write another from scratch, using m 

Hahaha something like that happened to me long ago. So, back then working in the IT world I joined a firm as a sort of an SME (subject matter expert). Their previous SME had left and they had tried to use the internal staff from the mainframe world to replace him. Needless to say, the mainframe guys were clueless about this new system and the previous SME was pretty much inaccessible. Further, the previous guy was a bit of a cowboy programmer and the system was a mish-mash of all sorts of technologies and what not. The system was breaking every day, clients were furious and they were going cra 

Well, I wasn’t fired. However, I found out that I was about to be replaced by a former employee, who was going to get paid $10k more annually and who was going to have fewer responsibilities. Needless to say I could see I was not valued. At that time I was working in a bakery that provided bread to about 150 local restaurants. We were a niche bakery that could provide these places with custom sizes of items, or proprietary recipes. I held numerous positions over the three years I was there. I had managed day and night shifts, managed production, filled in as a delivery driver, and so on; workin 

What small change for a company resulted in the most money saved?
McDonalds This one change saved the McDonalds’ Chicken McNugget  In the early 1980s, McDonalds came up with a new and exciting idea called the Chicken McNugget. There was just one problem… The cost of chicken was highly volatile at the time and that would make pricing the McNugget very difficult. On this note McDonalds sought advice from a famous stock and commodity trader named Ray Dalio. Ray Dalio’s (founder of Bridgewater Associates which is the biggest hedge fund in the world managing $160 billion worth in assets) two biggest clients at that time were McDonalds and a chicken producer. If Dalio c 

Yes, There are lot of stories and some of them are true and some created for marketing purpose. I also have the story of one of the big company in FMCG sector which is big giant and reached at almost every individual.  I am not sure whether this story is true or not but based on networking and research I have got this which I am going to present in front of you all… In early 1950, There was one of the growing company having their toothpaste product.  The company was trying hard to increase their revenue and their were forcing their executives and core team to come up with new or unique strategy whi 

Six small packaging changes that can save big money  Ten years ago when packaging consultant Tom Blanck would try to talk to people about the cost-savings potential hidden in packaging, he'd receive a lukewarm reception. It was simply not seen as a high priority. But that all began to change in the past five years. As transportation and warehousing costs rose, companies realized that packaging offered a fresh opportunity to cut waste out of the system, he says. Despite that newfound awareness, many companies are still struggling to identify where exactly they can cut costs in their packaging with 

History of Pepsodent  During World war-1 recruitment, many were rejected because of the poor tooth hygiene. Only 7 percentage of total Americans brush every day. And many are having issues in tooth hygiene because brushing was not a habit at that time. This was changed by marketing scientist Claude Hopkin. Hopkin was genius in the field of advertisement marketing, even before Pepsodent he did many advertisements. Through his advertisement he always tries to make a product as part of habit   After the advertisement effect, Brushing with Pepsodent became a habit for many in America In 5 year Pepsodent b 

Receipts, floor wax, and lights! Only changing these three things led to huge savings for the largest supermarket chain – Walmart. Huge savings? A hundred thousand? A million? We’re talking $227 million! Here’s what they did: Walmart decreased the size of its receipts, which not only led to more paper saved but also savings of a whopping $7 million.The company replaced its usual floor wax with one that cost less and was sturdier. This saved them $20 million!Walmart introduced LEDs in their stores and parking lots, replacing all fluorescent fixtures. This reduced the annual energy cost by $200 mill

I will start with the problem I wanted to solve. Problem: “Whenever I had to buy a gift for someone, it was taking a lot of time to think about “what to buy”. And when you will do a google search for “gifts for friend, wife, etc”, you will be bombarded with lame and tacky products, such as coffee mugs with your face on it. So, I thought I will start a brand, where I will sell cool gifts for everyone and for every occasion. Now, even before launching the website, figuring out product manufacturing OR product outsourcing, managing the inventory, logistics was looking like a herculean task. Also, it d 

 Coca-Cola’s Brand-Business Rationalization   An unfortunate business outcome of coronavirus is the disappearance of some of our favorite big brands due to bankruptcy. Another outcome is the deliberate, disciplined disappearing of small or local/regional brands or single country brands. Companies are using the pandemic to reassess their investments in brands that require resources but do not generate serious profit. Brand rationalization is based on performance and contribution to the enterprise’s bottom line. Brand rationalization reduces internal complexity, enhances efficiency, and can eliminate 

American Airlines This is a story dated 30 years ago, when this minute change they made resulted in them cutting down the expenses by close to $40,000. They removed one piece of olive.  Yes, they removed an olive. One piece. Removing one piece from every customer's tray cut down their expenses by a lot. The taste of the food isn't going to change by removing one piece, nor would the passengers notice the missing piece until they counted it every trip. And olive being relatively expensive to other ingredients, it made a difference.  This isn't the only instance when the airlines have cut down their cost 

 The design of Coke can looks nothing sort of special. It just seems to be changing with time. But, there is a secret behind this. As you can see in the image, the earlier cans were totally cylindrical. Later, the top and bottom were little slanted. This slant allowed in saving of millions of dollars in Aluminum usage. This was because of 2 reasons : Same volume of coke canister now have larger periphery thus less aluminum required.Also, the slant shaped increased the force taking capacity of the inner fluid, thus a thinner sheet can be used for making can.That is why, by just a slight change in desi 

The match box side for lighting the stick. Remember this  Now the matchstick manufacturers wanted to increase the profit margin without incresing the price and cost reduction is also not possible for inputs. That’s when a smarter guy came with the solution like this  now the match industry were saving nearly upto 50% more on the phosphorus coating on the sides. some even came up with smaller dots thus more savings. 233.6K views · View upvotes · View shares1.6K74Rajiv Tandon, President, The Institute for Innovators and EntrepreneursUpdated 1 year ago · Author has 3.5K answers and 407.2K answer views

What is the biggest mistake that a big company has made?
I'm always astounded by the error made by Schlitz Brewing Co. in the 1970s, when Schlitz ('The beer that made Milwaukee Famous"), then the No. 2 beer in the US, behind Budweiser, changed its brewing process in order to ramp up production and, presumably, to earn more profit.  To quote Wikipedia:   The primary changes involved using corn syrup to replace some of the malted barley, adding a silica gel to prevent the product from forming a haze,[7] using high-temperature fermentation instead of the traditional method, and also substituting less-expensive extracts rather than traditional ingredients 

Motorola's Iridium project. The $6 billion mistake.The lesson: "No business plan survives first contact with the customer" The Iridium project was dreamed up in the 1980s as a way to provide cell phone service globally. It was a big and bold idea at the time, as cell phones were barely penetrating US and Europe and service was non-existent in most of the world. The only way to get consistent global cell phone service, you would need to launch an array of satellites, and the element Iridium has the atomic number of the number of satellites planned, hence the name. To execute such a bold idea,  

The mistakes of great companies are legion in history. I have read some answers to this question, and found some excellent examples.  I will try to bring one more example by telling you about the history of Kodak. It all begins in 1884. George Eastman democratized photographic photography with the invention of the negative. In the same year, George Eastman created Kodak. With his company, he will go from technological prowess to commercial advances: $1 camera in 1900Consumer video camera in 1923Launch of the legendary Kodachrome films in 1935Instamatic camera in 1963In 1963, Kodak was at its peak.  

The biggest mistake was made by Xerox and it happened in 1979. This cost them potentially up to $1.4 trillion. (The combined value of Apple, IBM and Microsoft). That mistake cost them the chance to be one of the biggest company in the history of the world. That is a much bigger mistake than any of the others mentioned on these answers. This is what happened: Xerox PARC the company’s Silicon Valley R&amp;D lab had created the working basis of the modern computer.  They made a computer called the Alto, it was the first computer that could do the following things: The first computer that had a working Grap

 Kweku Adoboli (born 21 May 1980) is a Ghanaian ex-trader known for his role in the 2011 UBS rogue trader scandal. He was part of Swiss bank UBS’s Global Synthetic Equities Trading team in London, and he engaged in unauthorised trading that cost the bank US$2 billion (GB£1.3 billion). He was convicted of fraud on 20 November 2012 Adoboli joined UBS's London office as a graduate trainee in September 2006. After working for two years as a trading analyst in the bank's back office, he was promoted to a Delta One trading desk. In 2008, he became a director on the ETF desk and by 2010, he was promote 

There are some superb examples here. Every business major in college should write a paper on each one. Mine is simple: Motorola. Part 2. Not content to have invented the cell phone, they went the next step, and invented the satellite phone. The story goes that one day, one of the company executives was on vacation with his wife on some small island. She wanted to make a call, but cell phones had not penetrated the islands yet. She complained about this to her husband, and he got the idea to make a satellite based phone system that could be used from anywhere on earth to make a phone call to anywhe 

Too greedy, then give competitors the chance to occupy their market share rapidly.  Alibaba is still a successful company now, but not forever. In 2002, Alibaba had the Taobao website as its online C2C market. Its competitor eBay had the biggest C2C market share in China. At that time, to beat eBay, Taobao helped small business owners open shops on its website for free, at the same time eBay will charge you a lot of money if you want to open shops on its website. Then you know the rest of the story: eBay lost its market share in China then pulled out of the Chinese market a few years later. In the 

This mistake was made by the founder of Ferrari Enzo Ferrari. And he gave birth to It’s own rivals company “Lamborghini”. Lamborghini cars were a result of a tractor company owner being insulted by the founder of Ferrari. the creator of Lamborghini, Ferruccio originally owned a tractor company, Lamborghini Trattori, which produced tractors from surplus military hardware.  After the WWII, Ferruccio setup a small car and motorcycle repair shop in northern Italy. His first business idea was to buy surplus military machines and convert them into tractors, which were in a great demand in the agricultur 

Talking of mistakes and failures by multi-billion dollar company, I would like to tell you how and why one of the biggest companies in the world Walmart failed in Germany.   In 1997 and 1998 Walmart acquired two companies - Wertkauf and Interspar -  in Germany and soon miserably failed due to cultural misunderstanding and employee mismanagement.  Walmart never officially published the losses it experienced during its  stay in Germany. However, some analysts estimate that the losses of  Walmart were US$ 200-US$ 300 million per annum. Though there has been a lot of discussion on this failure and e 

What is the biggest mistake made by a multi-billion dollar company?  1. Excite could have bought Google for less than $1 million. Back in 1999, Excite was the No. 2 search engine and Google was the new kid on the block. Larry Page offered to sell Google to Excite for $750,000 (though with the stipulation that Excite would replace their technology with Google Search tech). There are several possible explanations for why Excite made this choice, but the end result is clear. Excite was eventually bought by Ask.com - What's Your Question?, which has a less than 2 percent share of the search market. G 

What is the best thing a social media company did?
What was the most embarrassed you’ve been after having had unexpected company?
I'm not quite sure why this story comes to mind for this question, but here goes. This happened years ago, I was in the driveway under the hood working on my GTO. A close female friend, Shelley (wife of a co-worker), came over unexpectedly. Shelley is a very pretty taller blonde, great figure, sometimes way to friendly and very touchy (very touchy) when her husband isn’t around! A little background, Shelley has come-on to me numerous times. 1. The water skiing trip, while her husband is skiing she and I are sitting in the back keeping safety watch ( if the skier should fall ) on her husband, we’r 

I was with my wife and she had two black men from work that wanted a white sissy. I don't know how the conversation went or anything. But she told them my rules and my age hangup. She told me that they are good and as he was just getting comfortable with me on my knees and both of them are getting ready to ask him for a whole lot more. Then I was in between them and I was making sure that they were both clean and had good blood pressure. I was wearing a pair of Pink panties and a white nurse bra got a great rhythm going. I would suck one then the other and really needed to have it in my other  

A2A. Many years ago, I was in a motel room for a week or so, and the couple that did housekeeping there had a room a few doors down. The man was not mechanically gifted, putting it kindly, and for several days he'd knocked on my door looking for me to jumpstart his piece of wizardry in the morning. Well, mind you, these doors do not have peepholes in them. Sure enough, I get that early morning knock at the door, and somehow enough of my brain was firing to get me on my feet, and my pants on - but not quite completely. As I'm trying to zip, I'm simultaneously reaching for the door, still only pa 

This one did not happen to me, but to my ex-wife. And it happened to her in front of all her friend’s husbands. It is one of my better memories, now that I have had time to look back on it. I can only tell this story now because she is the EX-wife. I was sworn to secrecy during our marriage.  My wife and I were young (early 20’s). We moved around a lot due to me being in the military and we did not exactly have a large friend group. In order to expand out our friend circle, I began hosting a monthly poker group. It was not strictly an all guys thing, but it ended up being that way. My wife and h 

HAHA great question. I have two super separate anecdotes. Anecdote 1I was embarrassed and SCARED. My husband and I were travelling to Miami and we scored a nice hotel room but a friend said they would handle it for us and let them please get us a place, they knew some one who owned them a favor. Red flag, right? Well, this person was persuasive and it would be considered an affront to say no to this person so we accepted, flew in and got our stuff into a nice little furnished room. Seemed more like an apt than a hotel though, whatever.My husband leaves to do some errands with family and I’m a 

On occasion we have had people sell fund raisers at our door I was kind of busy well today no no different a very cute girl came over dressed in killer jeans and top she had candy bars she gave her speech and I looked at her my eyes went up and down her body she looked high schoolish and I said without batting and eyelash if your willing to go the extra mile Ill buy all your candybars…are you sure she said….she said her name was amber and she turned and left and in thirty minuted she was right back. She had about three hundred dollars worth of candy bars. Oh what did I get myself into… But she 

It was the end of the affair. Her estranged husband had returned and I wasn’t prepared to destroy a salvageable marriage I had previously assumed was irretrievably broken. She was a stunning, slim blonde who looked half her age. It pained me to tell her that I could no longer go on seeing her. I lived in a detached house on an open plan estate (no fences or high borders allowed in the front gardens). Whatever was to be kept private began behind the front door. I was leaving for work one morning when I saw a figure outside the door, through the frosted glass. I opened the door. She stood there i 

Hi Vickie, I guess this is embarrassing to admit to,by it was also a long time ago,I had been seeing this girl for a couple of months,when she called me one da to tell me she was coming over,I told her I wasn't feeling well,about a couple hours later I went out just leaving the house got in the car,was heading down the street when I was this girl heading to my house,that wouldn't have been to bad,but I had a girl in the front seat next to me.That encounter upset me because I knew it totally upset her,so after that when I was hurt I couldn't complain,because karma will always be precise and fort 

Anonymous to protect the heavily embarrassed. Not me in this case. Ok, my now ex Mother-in-law was cousin to the Wicked Witch of the West. Butting in all the time. Showing up uninvited. Major pain in the ass. But, this stopped it..for a long while. We moved cross country for a short time. While out on the west coast we became nudists. Beach, club, home. Naked all the time. Moved back to hometown. And this will tell you how much a pain the MIL was. Moved into a house. Needed an extra key. MIL offers to get a copy madea, makes herself one too. Ex was too trusting. But, she regretted it. Both of th 

This is Jacqui.  She was my girlfriend in high-school and then college, for a year or so. She was very gorgeous with big boobs and a great personality. She became popular with the boys. After finding out she had cheated on me I did the same with a girl I had recently met. Initially my relationship with the new girl was platonic…we played tennis. But then we were at a house party, got inebriated and found ourselves in my house, in my bedroom. Honestly, I was a little too inebriated and I don’t think we went all the way…but the next morning I was awakened by a house mate who told me that Jacqui was 

If an employee gives a 2 year resignation notice and not a 2 weeks notice, what should the company do?
In 2006 I informed my boss that I and my girlfriend were in far planning stage of emigration to another country, but that the actual emigration was still roughly two years ahead.I know how hard it is to find good staff in my specific area of work, recruitment can take more than a year to fill a gap. This extremely early notice allowed us to focus on training other staff in my domain of expertise, as well as making sure I could finish as many projects as can reasonably done in that time frame to move the business ahead.It also allowed me to openly explore the job market in the other country an 

If an employee gives a 2 year resignation notice and not a 2 weeks notice, what should the company do? I’ve had this happen and there’s always been a specific reason behind the long and specific notice period such as retirement, going back to school, or relocating after a spouse or partner is finishing grad school or some sort of medical residency. It’s never been something like “I figure that in August of 2021 I’m going to be looking for a new job for shits and giggles.” I’ve thanked them for letting me know and told them that as we get closer to that date we’ll figure out a more specific plan  

On two occasions now, I’ve given a rather lengthy (in time) early notice of my intention to retire. (Yes, I’ve retired twice now.) [Want to make one point clear though. It was done verbally, directly to my manager. The written notice wasn’t sent until one month prior to the end date. You’ll see why below.] I am/was at a pretty high level and interact with many different groups on many different projects. The two main reasons for doing this was, One, in a large company, at each annual review cycle, a manager is usually given an allotment of salary increase and stock bonuses commensurate with his  

This is an interesting question. I have never witnessed such a scenario, nor have I heard of it. Does this happen often, and if so, in which industry? Why would an employee give their boss a two-year resignation notice when they could work 23 months without telling anyone they were going to quit? At the beginning of the 24th month, they could tender their resignation. As I am trying to wrap my mind around unfamiliar territory here, my immediate response is the person in question either isn’t very bright, or they think too highly of themselves. Depending on the company, they could be an internal 

I was with a local, “family owned” company for 14 years, promoted several times over the years to senior manager of customer service, consistently received excellent performance reviews, consistently received positive feedback from my superiors, peers and subordinates, consistently achieved success on the job, even in areas where others had failed, and constantly praised by my immediate supervisors. I inherited back issues from dad. In 2006 I needed surgery and bounced back with no issues. In the summer of 2016, I needed a similar surgery. While I was on leave, the owners put a son-in-law in ch 

I had a similar situation. I was an expert with a rather unique combination of skills that were critical to the company for which I worked. I wanted to retire in a year or so, and talked to my boss about it. He suggested that we hire a junior person to work alongside me, so that I could train them to be my replacement, and so they could also help relieve at least part of my 65–70 hrs/wk workload. I was very excited at the prospect of training someone to take over for me, and the workload reduction sounded great as well. I nominated two different people inside the company who had excellent backg 

When I left my last job in April of 2018, I provided my notice during December of the year prior. I’d made the decision, and it was the right decision, but I really loved where I worked and had (and still have) close relationships with my peers there. So, wanting to minimise disruption, I gave 4 months’ notice. That was supposed to be enough time for them to hire a replacement, get them in, and let me hand the team over to them. It also meant we could wrap up all of the major projects we had in flight and not leave someone drowning in a ocean not of their own making. Of course being a giant Amer 

I was shopping for rice at a store and ran into the church people. I was a kid and perhaps not socially mature. They said they’d like to visit my parents. I agreed because they were adults and they should know how to conduct things. We came to our house together. We lived in an apartment then. When we arrived, I buzzed our unit. My sister picked up the intercom and I said it was me—the way how I’d usually say. And in we went. Suddenly, I felt that I did something wrong. But I didn’t really know how to clarify my intuition. When we got to our door, my dad was in his pyjamas. They saw one another 

3 years before leaving my last employer before retiring at age 67, I told my employer I was fiscally able to retire then from my electronics engineering position. I had no more financial need to work anymore. But I liked the work and it was enjoyable. They hired two people for me to train to replace me. They made the mistake of hiring one person with a commute from hell and the other one a new graduate whose father owned an instrumentation company. The commute from hell guy found a job with an easy commute 6 months later. The other one, after a year decided that taking over the family firm look 

Two years may be too long, but it can happen. Imagine A and B worked together 8 years. First in a team of 3, but for most of the time only the two of them. Then company changed structure and A is made team leader with B as the only element of the team. For a couple of years that worked. B even started a master's degree in a field he had applied for at that company. Then the company decided to reshuffle and A goes to a team and B to another. It is January and B tells A he is planning to have a career shift as soon as the degree is over. There is no hierarchical relation, but they still work clos 

How would you handle an employee who refuses to attend company parties?
How did Zoom become so successful by offering the same thing Google Hangouts and Skype did just a few years back? How did companies like Google and Microsoft with all their resources fail to get the same engagement on essentially the same service?
What are some cool facts that you know about any companies?
Well here I'll talk about the British car manufacturer that is associated with both luxury and speed. They are also known for their beautiful design and many people consider the cars produced by this company as true works of art. Their cars have become a British icon even though it is a global automobile brand. This company has a long history of producing cars for both motorsports and for consumers who want a car that shows their power, status, and wealth. Although this is a car brand that is well-known across the globe, there are many things that people do not know about this company. Guess w 

McDonald’s doesn’t make money by selling BURGERS…..!!!! Yes, you read that right, contrary to the popular belief, McDonald’s makes most of its money NOT by selling burgers and breakfast from its outlets rather by collecting rents and royalties. It’s one helluva real estate company. Check this out McDonald's Real Estate: How They Really Make Their Money - Wall Street Survivor Blog (McDonald's Real Estate: How They Really Make Their Money - Wall Street Survivor Blog)Burj Khalifa Dubai, Petronas Towers Malaysia, Riyadh Metro Saudi Arabia, Incheon International Airport S.Korea, Mersey Gateway Engl

Here are some cool facts about the world's most famous brands : FACEBOOK’s famous ‘Like’ button was initially considered as the ‘Awesome’ button, but the name idea was ultimately rejected by Zuckerberg.Initially named “Cadabra”, the owner Jeff Bezos changed the name to “AMAZON” after a lawyer misheard its original name as “cadaver” (meaning: a corpse).In its early days, ALIBABA staff would pretend they were not Chinese when sending emails to American customers.Five IBM employees have won the Nobel Prize for their technical excellence in Research &amp; Science.BARBIE’s full name is Barbara Millicent

Uber, the world’s largest taxi company doesn’t own any vehicle. AirBnb, the world’s largest accomodation provider, doesn’t own any real estate. Alibaba, the world’s most valuable retailer has no inventory. They basically provide a digital platform to their users to transact online and access services they offer.Google- Larry Page and Sergey Brin (Ph.D students at Stanford University) started Google as a Research project in 1995. They approached Yahoo in 1998 to sell their algorithm behind Google search for just 1 million dollars as they wanted to focus more on their studies. Yahoo whose valua

BMW originally started off as an aircraft manufacturing company. After Germany's defeat in WWI, all airplane manufacturing companies had to cease production, one of the many terms of the Versailles Armistice Treaty. With the company facing bankruptcy, BMW shifted to motorcycle production, soon followed by the manufacture of cars in 1928. Their current logo is a tribute to their aviation heritage. During the height of World War II, Nazi Germany was subject to a number of trade embargoes. Because of the lack of raw materials and ingredients, the head of Coca-Cola Deutschland. Max Keith, decided t 

What are some cool facts that you know about any companies?  Tesla Motors' stock is the third most shorted on American stock exchanges: 52.9% shares of float. It has been this high historically - yet it is up from $19 (IPO Price) to $34.78 (as of 1.17.2013). That means gains of around 81% since it opened, and it's reached a high of $39.95. (http://online.wsj.com/mdc/public...) Tesla Motors is an automaker based in Silicon Valley - in California. Far away from Detroit, Michigan. This would initially be very troubling because they don't have access to the same resources that Detroit based corporations 

Well! Let's talk about some facts that are not well known about companies not discussed regularly…. THE BORING COMPANYI don't know if you have heard about this company or not but it's the brainchild of none other than the REAL LIFE TONY STARK ‘ELON MUSK’. He created this company to just make TUNNELS and seriously that's what this company do. Imagine an innovator like ELON creating a company that drills tunnels, sounds odd! But here is the catch my friends, ELON is bored of the LA traffic and also of the 2-D Transportation(that's how he sees modern day transportation, 2-D)and has sight at creating  

Here are some of the cool facts about some famous brands:- TCS has the highest number of women employees among listed companies at 34% of its total workforce. Infosys has highest proportion at 36%. 2. The strawberries in Quaker Instant Oats are actually apples. Yes, there are no strawberries in the “Strawberries &amp; Cream oatmeal” pack. Instead, they use dehydrated apples that are colored and flavored to resemble strawberries. As shocking as this is, at least, they don’t add trans fat in it.  3. The standard time to fill a perfect pint of GUINNESS is 119.5 seconds while pouring at an inclination of 4 

MICROSOFT: 1)Pizza is the most favourite food at Microsoft campus. 2)Microsoft loves candies. 3)The Microsoft campus is booming with bunnies. 4)Bill Gates &amp; Steve Jobs were once friends. 5) More employees are male than female. AMAZON: 1) The company started out by selling books. 2) Amazon hasn't paid federal taxes in two years. 3) In 2k18 AWS made $7.3 billion in revenue. 4) Amazon owns 41 subsidiaries and brands. 5) Amazon is a pet-friendly environment. GOOGLE: 1)Sergey Bein &amp; Larry Page met by chance. 2)Google was originally named Backrub. 3)Google first doodle was a Burning Man stick figure.  

1. Which of the following IT companies' headquarters is not in Silicon Valley? A.IBM B.AMD C.Google D.Apple IBM's headquarters is in New York City. In fact, IBM began manufacturing punched tape computers and other mechanical equipment in the early twentieth century. Compared to the history of Silicon Valley, which began to develop in the 1970s, IBM is a predecessor.  2. What ingredients does Coca-Cola sell in Europe and the United States differ? A.Sugar B. Water C. Caffeine D. Carbon dioxide In the United States, Coca-Cola uses corn syrup with higher fructose content instead of sucrose. However, in order  

What companies have gotten destroyed by their business competition?
Why is it often said that "quality is free"?
How does Germany produce so many great engineers and scientists?
I’m an Engineer; I’ve lived in Germany for a couple of years, during which time I’ve interacted with hundreds of German engineers; I know - or at least used to know - the German language (*knowledge). Therefore, I think I’m qualified enough to give this question a shot. At the outset, this is one of those questions to which it’s difficult to write a factually correct answer that’s also politically correct and vice versa. Having seen some answers that highlight free education, revered social status of engineers, and so on, I think the politically correct ground has been covered adequately. So, I 

Germany doesn’t produce much more engineers and scientists than other industrialised countries. That’s just branding. For various more or less valid reasons, Germany is considered less deindustrialised than other major developed economies. And as a result, people think that if Germany is more industrial, then it has better engineers and scientists. That’s not the reality. What is an engineer and a scientist ? Mathematicians doing high frequency trading are engineers and scientists too. Just like those who design and produce drugs in the pharma industry. Engineer and scientist are two very loosel 

Look, there’s a German here and I’d just like to share with you my personal, anecdotal experiences. Instead of making up crazy ass theories, putting forth assumptions from hell and intricate guesswork. I have a friend in Beijing who studied automotive engineering and automation technologies (I’m no engineer, those might not be the official names for those fields), he’s Chinese. He’s won several design contests in school and university regarding cars and stuff, used to be part of an official F1-like racing league in China (before his workload became too much to find the time for it anymore), tha 

I’ve worked extensively to research German education and Universities when I was considering a PhD. I spoke to a lot of people and some Germans too. Mature Education System. German engineering education is one of the oldest in the world. They have learnt from their mistakes over the years. They spend the money wisely and efficiently. No flashy sports and entertainment facilities. Stick to the point. Academics and good research and a good selection of classes. Most american universities are too relaxed and too broad in their approach. They dont focus on technical details early on. You dont get s 

I couldn’t read all answers so i hope i won’t tell something twice. The question and the answere i’ve read are really nonsense. Why? I am a german, i’ve studied in germany and so on. Before the ‘belognia’ agreement changed the education system in germany and europe there as different system not comparable to the uk/us system. To find a job you have 3 possibilities after school. you start a vocational education in any kind of business, which takes three yearsyou study at a ‘FH’, which takes aprox. 3 1/2 yearsyou study at a ‘University’ or a ‘Technical University’, which takes apros 5 yearsIt as advis 

It’s a historial tradition that started with the discipline learned within catholicism and the science that comes with it. First German universities were catholic. People may say think “what have to do science with religion?” and there are hundreds of books depicting that relationship where scientists explain how they see God in the details of their own science. Many of those universities in Germany where turned into laicity because of political maneuvers that you can find in the Bible but they kept some of the principles that guide the Church and the most important always is discipline. Now th 

Without getting into the low cost education and respect engineering or science have in Germany as well as many other countries. Germans themselves by nature are a precise productive people, they frown on waste, wasted time, wasted energy, any type of waste at all. Any job a German does they expect precision, completeness, maximum effort, to be late or sit around bullshiting is not common and will no doubt be reported. Almost anything done anywhere that is against the laws or rules or just inappropriate will likely be reported to the authorities or you will get an earful. They are culturally and 

Let me add something to this from the other way around.I am german and an engineer by trade turned serial entrepreneur. I live in the US for almost 10 years now and work with probably the smartest engineers in artificial intelligence. The big difference in one sentence:German engineering mentality is to really want to know and figure out how it works, on a very deep level.Over here, people want to know how it works on a top level only, but they stress you all the time how (whatever it is) can make money quickly.And if you can’t answer that question, they just move on. That has deeper roots  

I lived and worked in Germany as an engineering executive for three years. Here’s what I observed. There are two types of German engineers. (No, this isn’t to be funny.) One type of engineer graduated from an academic university. These are very similar to engineers who are educated in the United States. There are many engineers of this type in Germany, but not nearly as many as the other type. The other type are engineers who graduated from technical universities. These engineers get their bachelors degree in three years. Every class they take is very much hands-on and deep into engineering. The 

While I have never been to or studied in Europe, I have met quite a few German expats including engineers here in the states. I would say the single most important factor for German excellence in engineering as well as many other fields requiring post secondary education is the respect that the common people have for intellectual pursuits. Here in the States, people who make thier living in the sciences are often looked down upon. Just look at the treatment given to the characters in the sit com “The Big Bang Theory” in which the scientists are depicted as obsessive compulsive, infantilized, s 

What is the most mind-blowing engineering marvel you know about?
If Germans are good at engineering, how come they don't dominate computer operating systems or mobile operating systems?
That’s a good question! Why, also, aren’t the Japanese also dominating? For that matter, why aren’t the Chinese dominating? And for the rare few who have touched Russian software, holy shit, why isn’t that dominating?? I think it’s a pretty obvious answer once you draw it out, that way. The reason why each country’s software isn’t dominating the world is because each country’s software is dominating its own country! The reason why American-made software dominates the world isn’t because it’s dominating the world but because you speak English!!! (and therefore live in a Anglosphere bubble that p 

There are a number of very interesting responses to this question. Having consulted for and taught software engineering for several German engineering companies, and worked for several very good US engineering companies, I’ll add my thoughts. The implication in the question is that operating systems are where one would expect dominance in a top-notch software engineering firm. As a person who developed several operating systems, I would disagree. Operating systems are not easy to develop correctly, and we see plenty of evidence every day that the ones we typically work with are far from perfect

Let me tell you a short story. In 2012, I joined one of the biggest and oldest engineering companies in the world. They do mechanical engineering, electric engineering, avionics, hydraulics… You name it. And since SW is now used in virtually all these fields (controllers, management systems and so on), they also created SW engineering team… Quite logical, right? But then, the problems started. We (IT specialists) were called SW engineers, there. I never cared about the title of my position—until then. Because the management took into their heads that SW engineers are engineers. Literally. We we 

I work in the IT department of a German-owned company. I use a lot of German software, both commercial and developed in-house. There is one thing that you can say about German software: it is absolutely rock-solid, bullet-proof-reliable. It is amazing. So, why aren’t they on top? I’ll let you in on the secret. An IT colleague spent several years in Germany. Americans were sometimes stereotyped as “cowboys.” He wasn’t sure the precise meaning of the metaphor (after all, cowboys are heroes in American culture). They explained, “Oh, you Americans are like cowboys that walk into a room and just star 

I think David Filmer has a great answer. It ties perfectly to an old joke we used to tell about American vs German business culture. An American and German team are dropped off on one side of a forest. They are assigned to survey the forest and will be picked up on the other side in one week. Exactly one week later the American team emerges from the other side of the forest. They have surveyed narrow section of the forest along their path and extrapolated their numbers based on the total size of the forest. Their data is imperfect, but usable. The Germans are nowhere to be found. Two weeks go by, 

Q: If Germans are good at engineering, how come they don't dominate computer operating systems or mobile operating systems? A: I’ve owned an international high tech computer consulting company for 40 year and have used both German and US based tech that entire time. German tech is slow to adapt, slow to change and slow to fix its errorsTheir general mindset could be compared to a person that suffers from perfectionism.Their products take too long to get to market because there is excessive decision making before anything gets doneThe product performs everything correctly, but only if you follow 

I think answers to this question cover way more than inability of Germany to build its OS - it’s more like “Why Germany doesn’t have thriving IT just like US”. A disclaimer: I do not have an experience living in Germany, but in addition to 20+ years of overall IT experience I interacted with IT professionals from the world. So please take my answer with a grain of salt. In addition to good answers, I’ll add few more: Lack of “Venture Capital” or “Startup” cultureIn the US, many, many strong companies came out of startups. Google, Facebook, Twitter, …. name many more. These companies follow on 

World War II. That’s basically the reason… Germany wat one of the most technologically advanced nations before WWII and they did a lot of computer research. They were heavily industrialized, and that actually meant they were quite strong as they could turn their whole industry to use to create their War machines. A lot of scientists were also German-born and quite advanced. One such German scientist is well, known: Albert Einstein. But as WWII grew closer, the Jewish population in Germany were pressured into hiding or leaving. And a lot of those German scientists were, like Einstein, Jewish. Eve 

Andy Bechtolsheim, the guy who made Cisco hardware and SUN Microsystems. He was a German computer science student. He quit. In Germany everyone got equal amount of computer time, which basically meant a whole university shared a few computers and you could touch one about once a week for an hour or two. This of course is no way to do anything useful, really. So Andy moved to USA and went to Stanford and got all the computer time he needed to design and make his own computers which he sold the designs to Cisco and others. Vinod Koshla then approached him and got him to join the startup of SUN Micr 

Because inventing and producing computer hardware between 1945 and 1980 was very expensive and could not be financed from Germany which was suffering from the loss of WW2 and had lost many computer experts to the USA. If you cannot determine the hardware architecture it makes no sense to develop operating system software. German engineers had enough work to rebuild German infrastructure and old iron industries. As the USA had the quasi monopoly on computer hardware, Apple was able to produce the first mobile computers. But in 1970, South Korean government had a brilliant idea. They decided that 

What is the most impressive engineering feat by animals?
I am impressed by these little guys:  Have you wonder how the gecko hangs on the ceiling upside down? Gecko toes stick to nearly every material under nearly any conditions (even underwater or in a vacuum), and neither stay dirty nor stick to one another. Geckos can attach and detach their toes in milliseconds while running on surfaces. Even a dead gecko can stick to vertical glass with a single toe, implying that the adhesion doesn’t require any muscle contraction. The toes are adhesive even when not attached to the gecko! Yet, the feet don’t feel sticky to touch. What’s the secret? It took over  

There are two particular structures made by animals that I consider exceptional. First, I will never cease to be amazed by the elegant, geometric simplicity of the honeycomb.  Hexagons are among the most structurally sound shapes in existence. They can bear a load well, and nest together neatly. A hexagonal structure uses less material to build more cells within the available space, maximizing storage for honey, eggs, and larvae. And what makes it so marvelous to me is that bees can build their honeycomb cells with an almost mathematical precision, and only a slight margin of error. No one taught 

There are many. Here are three off the top of my head: Beaver Dam and Lodge  Beavers build dams and homes, called lodges, out of sticks, logs, and rocks held together by mud. They build them on streams and creeks, where the dams back up water around their house. They begin building their lodges by sticking some foundation sticks into the mud. Then they will begin piling up sticks, mud, leaves, and anything else they can find. After they have created a big mound they will then go underwater and chew away the entrance tunnels and rooms inside the lodge. Most have two main rooms inside – one near th 

OThe Badass Baya Weaver, and we literally don’t have an answer for their engineering marvel:  Above is the nesting colony of a Baya Weaver. Well, building such an amazing nest from straws is itself impressive. But there is something unbelievable about it that I would like to share: In the pre-monsoon days, the male baya weaver first builds a very beautiful nest like the ones above. Then the female first inspect the nest. She checks the interior, design, and shape of the nest, then she decides whether to mate with the male or not. If she doesn’t like the nest, then she doesn’t give a damn and mercile 

Now, I know that the Arachnids are just overpowered when it comes to engineering, but you gotta give this one insect some love for this one unbeatable trap! I'm talking about the Antlion (this is a Larvae)!  This insect is the master mind of the desert! “Why?” you ask. Because it takes every single advantage of this particular mixture that is pretty much all over the desert! No, not elephant dung. But sand! (It lives in multiple locations but most are in deserts) Yes, this insect sets an overpowered trap only using sand and a little bit of physics. You see, they set a pit with an incline of about 45 

You know you’ve built something significant when it is spotted via satellite imagery.  What you are looking at is the largest known dam to be built by beavers. It spans 850 meters wide. It was discovered via Google maps. To date, only one person has been to the location, and only spotted one active beaver at the site—though there are likely several others working to maintain this huge dam. ( Source: The largest beaver dam on Earth can be seen from space. Daniel Martins) Beavers were nearly hunted to extinction in Canada due to the fur trade but are making a comeback thanks to conservation efforts.  

 Australia’s Northwest Territory is dotted with the spectacular structures of cathedral termites, which build mounds that can tower more than 15 feet (4.6 meters) high. Constructed from mud, chewed wood, and termite saliva and feces, each mound is a self-sustaining termite mega-city.  Termites are not typically appreciated creatures, but the skill of their workers should still be recognized. Like most ants, termites create large nests with interlocking tunnels, complete with hatcheries, water reserves, and fungal gardens for food production.  Some termites' nests extend above the ground, creating m 

One of the more astounding engineering feats by animals has occurred over the last decade in Yellowstone Park, USA, with the reintroduction wolves. Wolves had been driven to extinction in the Yellowstone region in the last century. Then, in 1995 for the first time in human history, the National Wildlife Service introduced 42 wolves over the next two years into the Yellowstone region. By this controversial act the Naturalists closed the gap in the Yellowstone predation chain, from the apex predator, the grizzly bear, down to the smallest creatures dwelling in the region. The affect on the Yellows 

Beaver's dams are the most pysically amazing. A Beaver's dam is an amazing skill set considering it is made of sticks, rocks and mud as well as water is tough to manage. A general size for a Beaver's dam is 6m long and 2 meters high. The Guinness book dam is in Canada. It is 2,780m long. A dam can cause problems too as it floods the land around it. Good for the beaver, not so good for the farmer next to the dam. It creates a huge deep pond which supports salmon and trout. Beaver ponds also stop sedimentation from happening down stream. A beaver is considered an apex species since by its actions c 

When I was younger, like the eighties, I worked with a large termite and pest control firm and I was quite impressed by the engineering of the termite. The subterranean termite that we have in New Jersey needs moisture and ground contact, so they build tubes of fine dirt particles. This fine estate on the outskirts of Cherry Hill had termite damage I still have never seen the like of. A four foot crawl, and they built free standing tubes, inches thick, from the ground up to the subfloor, where they enjoyed all the wood surrounding the indoor pool, up to the thirty foot ceiling. This was engineere 

What is the most mind-blowing engineering marvel you know about?
Well, what blows your mind? For me it might be a couple if things. Here is the Harrison H4, the world’s first Chronometer. It changed the world almost overnight and propelled the British to naval domination for 150 more years at least. It was built by a carpenter who taught himself clock-making.  Here is the mighty Corliss engine, the biggest steam engine ever produced, in 1876, generating a wopping 1400 HP   Here is the largest steam engine in the world still operating in England - it’s like it’s alive! (I am embarrassed to say that this has the same effect on me as some 

10 of the World’s Greatest Engineering Marvels From Egypt’s pyramids to Scotland’s Stirling Castle, these attractions offer the most mind-boggling architecture, history and jaw-dropping scenery you’ll ever see. 1 / 11 Engineering Marvels: The Colosseum One of the world’s most famous engineering marvels, Rome’s Colosseum was commissioned by the Emperor Vespasian in AD 72 on the marshy site of a lake in the grounds of Nero’s palace, the Domus Aurea. Deadly gladiatorial combats and wild animal fights were staged free of charge by the emperor and wealthy citizens for public viewing. The Colosseum was  

This:  This is one of the first ShuffleMaster single deck shuffle machines. What's marvelous about it? It mimics the motion of shuffling a deck of cards as a dealer would. A dealer would place the cards into the left side of the machine (as it faces in the photo) and push the green button to start the machine. A split tray would split the deck into two equal parts and pull them apart just a dealer would. The trays would be made level with each other. Two arms would hold the halves on top. The tray on the right would cant back a few degrees, forming a 'V' between the halves just as a dealer would. 

I really love cool machines, and I can think of a lot of neat examples… But I think that the best machine I have ever seen is the “turret screw lathe”. There are two parts to what makes this machine so cool. First, it’s a lathe with multiple tools all mounted on a single “turret”. This means you can switch from tool to tool, all while keeping the workpiece chucked in a single machine. But that’s not the best part. The best part is that these machines are also programable! There are a series of levers stops, and these in turn are driven by a set of cams. The cams are driven from the workpiece, thr 

Suez Canal &amp; Panama Canal 1.) Suez Canal  Undoubtedly The Suez Canal is one of the most mind-boggling marvel of engineering. This Canal is an artificial sea-level waterway in Egypt, connecting the Mediterranean Sea to the Red Sea through the Isthmus of Suez and dividing Africa and Asia. Construction of this canal reduced the sea route distance between Mumbai and London from 19,800 Km to 11,600 Km. A reduction of ~41.5%.  (Img. : Suez Canal 1869) Construction of this canal was started in 1859. The excavation took some 10 years. Some sources estimate that over 30,000 people were working on the canal at 

Engineering Marvels: The Great Pyramid  The facts and figures about Pharaoh Khufu’s pyramid, commonly referred to as the Great Pyramid, are staggering. It was the tallest building in the world until the 19th century, and the precision with which it was built, using simple surveying tools, is remarkable: the greatest difference in length between the four 756-ft high sides is just 2 inches. The construction methods and exact purpose of some of its chambers and shafts are unknown, but the architectural achievement is clear. The pyramid is estimated to contain over two million blocks of stone weighi 

It probably has to be this truck:  You don’t understand? Maybe take a look at this view:  If you’re a gearhead like me, you probably recognize and understand that shape and what those markings in the center of that finned aluminum cover mean, and maybe, if you’re really astute, you’re curious about how that drivers-side valve cover seems to be sitting flat instead of at an angle. Still no? How about this view:  How come those twin Autolite downdraft carburetors are sitting off to the side, instead of the middle where they’re supposed to be? Now, here’s another photo of the same truck  Still mystified? 

Engineers are generally not given credit for many marvelous works in the world - but I personally feel they are the people who make the dreams many designers and scientists have, into reality. Everyone has a contribution in making the world a better place. Some of the best engineering projects I have seen are: 1. The Henningsvær Stadion On a picturesque island from the north of Norway there lies a spectacular football stadium. In the small Norwegian fishing village of Henningsvær which is situated on the southern coast of the island of Austvågøy, Lofoten, Nordland, the local football stadium over 

Mechanical advantage. Levers, pullies, gears, twisted wire, hydraulics etc etc etc. They all use the same principle. Travel a big distance with a little force, and translate that into a tiny distance with a huge amount of force. Or the other way around. Awesome! Mechanical advantage - Wikipedia Twisted wire is my favourite. Wrap a loop wire around two posts, then insert a screwdriver between the two strands. Now rotate the wire so that it forms a tight twist using the screwdriver as a lever. With each twist, you make the loop of wire slightly tighter. You move the handle of the screwdriver many feet,  

Three feats come to mind. Angkor Wat, the Temple city in Cambodia. It’s the largest religious structure on Earth, made of stone, and built in an area with extreme dry and wet periods. During the dry season, the earth can turn dusty, and in the wet season monsoon rains can cause the water levels to rise over ten meters/30 feet. Thus, for such a large stone temple you need to figure out how to keep the water table level or else the structure will sink into the ground during the dry season, and be flooded in the following monsoon. Tenochtitlan, the Aztec capital. A place of palaces, temples, and py 

What was the biggest design flaw to ever occur in history? How was it fixed if it was?
  This may come as a shock to most, but the biggest design flaw in history is the aerodynamics of a rocket. Yes, a rocket, the living embodiment of pure, raw power, and speed. Since it is a flaw in aerodynamics, it can be fixed by reshaping the rocket. In fact, the fix has already been unknowingly demonstrated. The problem that arises is that the exhaust plume is narrow and directly underneath the rocket up and until supersonic speeds have been achieved, at or about Max Q. Once the rocket goes supersonic, the narrow plume widens, fanning out in all directions.   This is believed to be the effect of  

This is a suspension bridge  This is a very old technology, but it can solve a lot of problems. Essentially, you use two ropes or cables that are supported at each end by an anchored point. You then hang smaller cables from the two large cables, and then you use those smaller cables to hang a bridge platform. Suspension bridges give you one of the best load to weight ratios of any bridge type, can be used to cross very long spans, and are generally cheaper to construct. By the 19th century, material science had advanced and so had engineering, so engineers could use very strong strands of wire ca 

Though the Chernobyl disaster is already mentoined i would like to go in detail. The use of nuclear reactors as a source of energy was was well established as sensible and efficient. But never the less the idea was still relatively new for nuclear powerplants. Russia was one of the few countries to have actually started using nuclear power on a large scale(out of 20 countries). They used the RBMK reactor, and had well over 20 reactors at that time. April, 26 1986 a team of workers were to test the nuclear reactor, And this is when the disaster was caused….but before that  First you need to know  

This one isn't 'the biggest in history' but it is pretty big. There is a tall building in Leeds, UK. At time of building, tallest in the city. When plans were submitted, a city civil engineer expressed concerns over the building shape, site and effect on winds. He predicted that the shape and orientation of the building would accelerate local wind gusts to a dangerous level. Engineer ignored, building built as designed. Immediately they had problems. The wind gusts created caused pressure changes, making windows pop out of their frames. Then there came a very windy day. 40mph winds, gusting higher. 

 A strong wind could’ve toppled the 59-story Citicorp Center, but the construction flaw wasn’t noticed until a Princeton University student raised concerns a year after its 1977 opening. To avoid panicking New York City residents, workers labored only at night to make emergency repairs, and the secret was kept quiet for decades. The civil engineering student, Diane Hartley, contacted Citicorp’s architects to ask why she couldn’t get the math to work on her research paper about the building’s design. Hartley assumed her calculations were in error. They weren’t. Instead they revealed that the buil 

Space Shuttle Challenger disaster - WikipediaThe Space Shuttle Challenger disaster was a fatal incident in the United States space program that occurred on January 28, 1986, when the Space Shuttle Challenger (OV-099) broke apart 73 seconds into its flight, killing all seven crew members aboard. The crew consisted of five NASA astronauts, and two payload specialists. The mission carried the designation STS-51-L and was the tenth flight for the Challenger orbiter. Richard Feynman who investigated the disaster and did arrive at the correct cause of it, argued in the appendix, that the estimates of 

DeHavilland Comet de Havilland Comet - Wikipedia. This early Jet airliner had futuristic square cornered windows which proved to be its undoing - there were a number of unexplained early crashes and fatalities and it was eventually traced to very high stress in the square corners of the window, leading to complete structural failure. The plane was out of service from about 1954–1958 as they redesigned it with oval windows, but de Havilland lost their early lead in jet aircraft and never fully recovered. Russian N1 Rocket booster. N1 (rocket) - Wikipedia This was supposed to be the Russian equival 

There are going to be multiple answers, depending on what is meant by “biggest” and what is meant by “design flaw.” It could mean most expensive. It could mean loss of life. I’ve seen some point to the Challenger, but I count 7 lives lost against those on the Titanic, which was designed to not have enough lifeboats for all the crew and passengers, with the result of about 200 times more loss of life. In fact, it’s not even clear you’re referring to a flaw in engineering design. There are design flaws in policy; there are design flaws in legislation. But I think,in American history? I would choose t 

Not the biggest, but one of the most entertaining is this one. From: 'Walkie-Talkie' skyscraper melts car: Martin Lindsay parked his Jaguar on Eastcheap, in the City of London, on Thursday afternoon. When he returned about two hours later, he found parts of his car - including the wing mirror and badge - had melted. Mr Lindsay said he "could not believe" the damage. The developers have apologised and paid for repairs.  (Picture from the article) 61.1K views · View upvotes · View shares12959Andrew Scarr, former Engineer at Electricity Supply (1978-2019)Answered 6 months ago · Author has 57 answers and 80.6K answer views

Great question. Don't know if somebody has beaten me to it, as I haven't seen any other answers, but it has to be the Hubble telescope that was sent up to space. I think the optics were out by a factor of 10. It may have been a manufacturing fault rather than a design fault. It was almost useless and cost billions. NASA did manage to get back to it and add some form of correction lens. That in itself was a fantastic achievement, requiring clever re-engineering, tethered space walks and great skill by the astronauts involved. It has since produced spectacular results. Sorry I can't remember much of 

What was the biggest design flaw to ever occur in history? How was it fixed if it was?
  This may come as a shock to most, but the biggest design flaw in history is the aerodynamics of a rocket. Yes, a rocket, the living embodiment of pure, raw power, and speed. Since it is a flaw in aerodynamics, it can be fixed by reshaping the rocket. In fact, the fix has already been unknowingly demonstrated. The problem that arises is that the exhaust plume is narrow and directly underneath the rocket up and until supersonic speeds have been achieved, at or about Max Q. Once the rocket goes supersonic, the narrow plume widens, fanning out in all directions.   This is believed to be the effect of  

This is a suspension bridge  This is a very old technology, but it can solve a lot of problems. Essentially, you use two ropes or cables that are supported at each end by an anchored point. You then hang smaller cables from the two large cables, and then you use those smaller cables to hang a bridge platform. Suspension bridges give you one of the best load to weight ratios of any bridge type, can be used to cross very long spans, and are generally cheaper to construct. By the 19th century, material science had advanced and so had engineering, so engineers could use very strong strands of wire ca 

Though the Chernobyl disaster is already mentoined i would like to go in detail. The use of nuclear reactors as a source of energy was was well established as sensible and efficient. But never the less the idea was still relatively new for nuclear powerplants. Russia was one of the few countries to have actually started using nuclear power on a large scale(out of 20 countries). They used the RBMK reactor, and had well over 20 reactors at that time. April, 26 1986 a team of workers were to test the nuclear reactor, And this is when the disaster was caused….but before that  First you need to know  

This one isn't 'the biggest in history' but it is pretty big. There is a tall building in Leeds, UK. At time of building, tallest in the city. When plans were submitted, a city civil engineer expressed concerns over the building shape, site and effect on winds. He predicted that the shape and orientation of the building would accelerate local wind gusts to a dangerous level. Engineer ignored, building built as designed. Immediately they had problems. The wind gusts created caused pressure changes, making windows pop out of their frames. Then there came a very windy day. 40mph winds, gusting higher. 

 A strong wind could’ve toppled the 59-story Citicorp Center, but the construction flaw wasn’t noticed until a Princeton University student raised concerns a year after its 1977 opening. To avoid panicking New York City residents, workers labored only at night to make emergency repairs, and the secret was kept quiet for decades. The civil engineering student, Diane Hartley, contacted Citicorp’s architects to ask why she couldn’t get the math to work on her research paper about the building’s design. Hartley assumed her calculations were in error. They weren’t. Instead they revealed that the buil 

Space Shuttle Challenger disaster - WikipediaThe Space Shuttle Challenger disaster was a fatal incident in the United States space program that occurred on January 28, 1986, when the Space Shuttle Challenger (OV-099) broke apart 73 seconds into its flight, killing all seven crew members aboard. The crew consisted of five NASA astronauts, and two payload specialists. The mission carried the designation STS-51-L and was the tenth flight for the Challenger orbiter. Richard Feynman who investigated the disaster and did arrive at the correct cause of it, argued in the appendix, that the estimates of 

DeHavilland Comet de Havilland Comet - Wikipedia. This early Jet airliner had futuristic square cornered windows which proved to be its undoing - there were a number of unexplained early crashes and fatalities and it was eventually traced to very high stress in the square corners of the window, leading to complete structural failure. The plane was out of service from about 1954–1958 as they redesigned it with oval windows, but de Havilland lost their early lead in jet aircraft and never fully recovered. Russian N1 Rocket booster. N1 (rocket) - Wikipedia This was supposed to be the Russian equival 

There are going to be multiple answers, depending on what is meant by “biggest” and what is meant by “design flaw.” It could mean most expensive. It could mean loss of life. I’ve seen some point to the Challenger, but I count 7 lives lost against those on the Titanic, which was designed to not have enough lifeboats for all the crew and passengers, with the result of about 200 times more loss of life. In fact, it’s not even clear you’re referring to a flaw in engineering design. There are design flaws in policy; there are design flaws in legislation. But I think,in American history? I would choose t 

Not the biggest, but one of the most entertaining is this one. From: 'Walkie-Talkie' skyscraper melts car: Martin Lindsay parked his Jaguar on Eastcheap, in the City of London, on Thursday afternoon. When he returned about two hours later, he found parts of his car - including the wing mirror and badge - had melted. Mr Lindsay said he "could not believe" the damage. The developers have apologised and paid for repairs.  (Picture from the article) 61.1K views · View upvotes · View shares12959Andrew Scarr, former Engineer at Electricity Supply (1978-2019)Answered 6 months ago · Author has 57 answers and 80.6K answer views

Great question. Don't know if somebody has beaten me to it, as I haven't seen any other answers, but it has to be the Hubble telescope that was sent up to space. I think the optics were out by a factor of 10. It may have been a manufacturing fault rather than a design fault. It was almost useless and cost billions. NASA did manage to get back to it and add some form of correction lens. That in itself was a fantastic achievement, requiring clever re-engineering, tethered space walks and great skill by the astronauts involved. It has since produced spectacular results. Sorry I can't remember much of 

What are the greatest engineering blunders in the world?
What’s the ugly side of being an engineer?
How can I find out who's stealing my lunch from the office fridge?
Going anon because certain people know who I am IRL and I don’t want them knowing my prank ideas. Not really an office one but when I was in university there was a girl called Gemma* in our flat who would use our food, drink, cooking utensils and cleaning products without telling us or replacing them. I was ok with this as Gemma usually did all the washing up for our flat so I thought ‘fair enough, she can use my crap’. I was the only guy in the flat however and the two other girls I lived with took exception to Gemma using their stuff. Gemma was Chinese so they put signs on all our cupboards  

Long time ago, in a city not far from here, I worked at a company that had a very good sneak thief. Lunches were only part of his repertoire. I'll get back to the food soon. His prowess was legendary and to catch him you had to think like him without being him. Difficult to say the least (to think like a thief but not be one).In his bag of tricks, he had a penchant for toilet paper! Yes, he just couldn't resist stealing toilet paper. First they would disappear from the rest rooms. When the owner caught on, there was only one roll IN said restroom but plenty more available. When he figured tha 

In the Australian mining industry we generally get our lunch meals supplied but have to assemble them ourselves due to the remote nature of the work (a casual 1500kms from home) so when someone with questionable morals is stealing your lunch it is that bit more ludicrous and amount more to “crimes of opportunity”. You also may be aware that all Australians are born holding a meat pie and it is an alternative currency “down under”  These are supplied in the mining mess hall to take for lunch albeit frozen. Upon arrival to work it is standard practice to put your pie in the “pie warmer” with your na 

Instead of asking “how can I find out who is stealing my lunch from the office fridge,” look at your situation from a different angle. I had this problem once NOT with someone stealing my lunch, but stealing my money to go buy a drink from the vending machine and I had to do without all day and I remembered that incident. I actually REPORTED the thief to the management and they KNEW who the culprit was, they even told me who it was, it was someone who was working inside the printing room and NOTHING was done about it. I tell you what, it NEVER happened again, I kept my money with me AT ALL TIM 

People here have suggested a secret additive such as hot pepper, spray paint, food dye, laxative, all not very food-like — possibly getting you in trouble with management or law. I have another one. Spilanthes. It’s more of a legitimate food. Go to a seed catalogue or ebay and order some seeds, grow the plant- it’s an easy one to grow, wait for the flowers- they're funny, pretty looking things- take a couple and crumble them up in your lunch. Not much flavor, and completely harmless- actually supposedly medicinal like a kidney cleanser or something- but they confer a disconcerting sensation of v 

This is my mother’s story (and she wants me to be anonymous in case of any potential issues) In a small doctor clinic, there was a food thief. Bits and pieces of lunches would be stolen from. Maybe a brownie, maybe a sandwich, maybe a snack, it was hard to predict what would be stolen from whose lunch. Over time, more and more would be taken. And the staff had been well-established for awhile with no new hires, making it hard to track down who was the thief. My mom and a few co-workers had enough of it. They decided to spice up their food. Nothing lethal like some other answers. Just sandwiches  

This is a spin-off to Keith Albert's (epic) answer to How can I find out who's stealing my lunch from the office fridge? In which Keith puts Carolina Reaper, the base for military-grade pepper spray, in an office sandwich destined for a five-finger discount. Years ago, I had a roommate who thought I was stealing his food. True confession: I did take an egg of his once. One egg. But I would have bought him two dozen in penance to avoid what happened next. He was pretty off his rocker in general and I was actually starting to wonder if he didn't have deeper mental issues. One day, I saw him baking 

Going Anonymous here half out shame for what I did and half out of concern that if he were too find out who did it to him he would hunt me down and kill me for sure. Don’t ever try this as it can go wrong oh so very wrong. My boss at the time was and probably still is a Grade a asshole who would steal anything and everything that wasn’t nailed down. Come to think about it, he would steal it even if it was nailed down, it would just take him a little longer. Now my coworkers and I where all starting to find parts of are lunch missing, sometime all of it. Come to find out it’s the office manager.  

I had this same problem. I am a nurse in an Emergency Room. My lunch was getting stolen on the regular. I wrote a note and placed it in my bag. “Whoever is stealing my lunch, please stop. I will catch you. This is a warning.” The culprit continued. It wasn’t every day. I noticed a pattern, if I brought PBJ sandwich, nothing happened. If I brought ham and cheese, it was definitely getting eaten. I tried making two, hoping to sacrifice one as an offering with a note, “I made one for you and one for me. Please leave me one.” The thief ate both and put the note in the sandwich bag. I was furious. Swo 

I just had to share this one. I didn’t get to see the shenanigans but I was told by a supervisor that watched the entire thing happen. There was a guy in our building that was a notorious food thief. We will call him “Jim” for simplicity sake. Jim did not care. He would eat any food that was in the fridge regardless of name, comment, or warning that was on the food. It was bad. It happened for a couple years with Jim and despite warnings and letters in his file he would not stop. (We work somewhere hard to get fired from unless you break the law most of the time) One day a co-worker of his snapp 

As a teacher, what is the saddest experience you've had while on the job?
If you live in a car, but your job needs a street address, what should you put?
My Quora followers will be absolutely shocked at this post… no matter, I’m glad to share these things! When I lived stateside and was down on my luck I suddenly found myself living in my car with only my clothes to my name. How did this happen? Well, my wife had found a lover, one day I came home early from work and he was in my house and she wasn’t, so I had him arrested for breaking and entering! Actually, this is an exceptionally hilarious story that I’ll save for another post… Anyway, I promptly left the house and went to a hotel. Because my wife was angry at what I’d done to her lover she block 

One of the things that always got to me was the American obsession with street addresses. Many Canadians do not have street addresses, they have post office boxes. Many Canadians don’t live on streets, they live in the woods somewhere, or on an island with no roads. Many American companies didn’t seem to understand that. I have lived in towns where if you sent something to my street address, it would never get to me because the Post Office didn’t know where my street was. NO. Send it to the PO box. The Post Office will leave a card in my box. I’ll go and pick it up. I worked for a company that h 

I’ve never been homeless, but I have had a couple of employees who were. We always asked if they had a friend or family member who they could call and ask if their checks could be sent there. Most people had something to put down. For one young lady that didn’t, my boss and I ended up putting the address of my office (not the same as the main business address) and her first check was mailed to me there. I then took it to her when she got off work. Worked well enough, until she quit, and her last check was mailed to me again, but I couldn’t get a hold of her. One word of advice— though still to b 

There’s risk if the application says in some form that it must be an actual address (not a PO box) that you live at. There’s been a long pending California case where a restaurant worker who was homeless put down the address of an apartment building near where he typically camped out. A smart guy, he went so far as to take the bus from work, get off near that building and walk in. He would shortly after walk out a back door and go through some back yards to where he camped. His manager suspected he was homeless and so detailed a co-worker to follow the guy. He lost him the first time. The secon 

When I lived in my Car I used the center for women and children’s address. Most shelters provide this service to homeless people for free. They let me use my name and thier adress without putting it was a shelter so I wouldn’t be embarrassed about being homeless or look over by the employer interviewing me for a job. Don’t give up. I found a job while I was homeless so it’s possible. Being homeless it’s self is a full time job. Find a good shelter to take a shower at for free and if you can just stay in your car while you save for your first months rent. If you try to stay in a hotel while you 

Most will accept a PO Box, which are usually available at the USPS Post Office for reasonable prices. If they will not accept this type of PO Box, try a private box service, Fed Ex, USPS and a few others offer what is basically a PO Box, but as they are private services some of their locations will allow you to use their street address without the box number. They then hand sort your mail (if any) by your name instead of box number. Of course, ask before assuming the location will allow this. Beyond that are services that provide a virtual street address, these are a real address but all mail de 

Hello. There are many good responses here so you have several choices. I will focus on a slightly different point of view. Security. You have an absolute right to privacy. So get the Post Office box and use the street address for that Post Office as others have described. Then advise your employer that you will protect your right to privacy in Federal Courts if you have to do so. There are many reasons not to give out your address…you were a victim of a crime, you are divorced and being stalked, perhaps you were a witness in a criminal trial and fear retaliation, you live in a mobile home or ca 

We had a guy lived in a bus near to our home many years ago. He wasn't working and had post (mail) sent to the bus. To claim unemployment benefits you need an address when you live so far from a town (25 miles). We picked up his mail one day abs the address was …His name, Blue bus, street address, post code. The government department obviously accepted a bus as an address. Not sure if a car would work too. I would maybe try.. car colour, and then the street address when using a car address for a job. Lots of people live in cars, buses etc. 226 viewsJohnny CalabasasAnswered 1 year ago

You ask a friend, a church, the business where you work…you arrange a payment with someone to use theirs… I’m guessing you’re asking because despite many of these answers suggesting getting a PO box, California for some of its services (Unemployment, etc) doesn’t recognize a PO box as a “residential address”…so you need one. Walk around, look for a house or yard in disarray, ask the owner only for use of their address for mail in exchange for upkeep. Don’t ask or bargain for anything else. Get it done. I know how important it can be. If worst comes to worst, find an abandoned house or business an 

If you live in the United States, The UPS Store can be found in just about any town/city across the country, and they will give you an address that looks exactly like a street address, despite the fact that you’re just getting a PO box. It will look something like this: 1234 W. Arrow Lane, Ste D, Unit 135, Pamona, CA, 91077 But so much depends on what what you need the address for, and which state you are living in. Some states, like Georgia, require proof of residency for things like vehicle registration and state ID. In such cases, you can seek out the help of a homeless shelter. I know of one 

What did the job interviewer say that made you NOT accept the job offer?
It was the whole interview, and it was more of a combination of “too good to be true", and a gut instinct which made me hesitate in accepting the role. I was 18, naive, inexperienced and had just completed my first year of training as an accountant. So altogether not very impressive at this stage: the first rung on a ladder of 5-7 years plus, about equivalent to 1 GCSE/high school grade - in other words still very green/junior. I'd been out of work and looking for a new job for a couple of months, and had applied for one which was a slight stretch for my current position, but I thought it might  

When i came back from Libya, my brother helped me to get a job. He met a woman in a night club - they were talking together and she told him: “I work in a job agency - send your sister to me.” When i arrived in the agency (i had sent my documents before by e-mail), she said: ”My boss wants to talk to you - sorry.” I went to the boss’s office. It was a “lady”. Why quotation marks? She did not even greet me, she pointed on a chair and started talking: “Why do you think you will get hired here in Switzerland?” I wanted to answer but she was on a roll: “I now tell you how people perceive your CV! And 

In my industry, there’s a vast shortage of skilled, experienced professionals. It’s not exactly difficult to get a job; even easier an interview. So, the companies compete need to put in effort attracting talent, especially the devoted nerdy kind who’s passionate about the code. Bossing applicant into submission.— ”Tell my why I should hire you.”— ”Oh, if you don’t know that by now, you probably shouldn’t…” [walks towards the door]2. Pushing responsibility onto applicant.— ”Tell me why you want to work here.”— ”I know to little for an informed decision but I was hoping that you’d tell me.” 

What did the job interviewer say that made you NOT accept the job offer? “Our devs normally work about a 12-hour day…” When I was still up North and looking for a way to relocate further South, I got a hit from a small younger company that needed a lead software dev for their dev group. The person on the phone was describing the software product as a database-backed “Business Intelligence” system (remember when people first started using the term “BI” and it was a buzzword?). Company structure was basically two tiers - the president of the company and everyone else. These kinds of environments ca 

At the conclusion of an interview for a company in need of a general HR Manager, I realized this was one of those great experiences where I hit it off with the General Manager and the other people on the hiring panel. We were laughing and sharing stories off the record and pens down. We clicked and I had a great feeling, which just intensified when the GM asked me to stick around so the owner could meet me. About ten minutes later, I stood up to greet a gruff-looking older man in a well-worn suit. He looked like an air traffic controller in the middle of a bad storm with fifty birds in the air, 

I was interviewing for a bartender position, at a very upscale restaurant. Usually, this position pays a small hourly wage, because it's going to be supplemented by tips, as well as tip out from the servers. The manager was offering a hourly rate much higher than normal, so I was really interested in the position. We went over my experience, my knowledge of spirits and wines, and the job seemed in the bag. We talked about my availability, and then, almost as I was leaving, he mentioned that I would only be in the bar for maybe two shifts a week, the other three, I'd be a server on the dining roo 

I was 25 and was already looking for a career change. I was grinding it out in the financial world and wanted to get in touch with my creative side so naturally I go the opposite way from being at a bulge bracket bank. I apply to a startup. I applied through my alma mater’s job portal which directly hit the founding team’s inbox. It was for a Biz Dev job that I knew I could do well in. The next day, I get an email asking if I would be available to come in for an interview that same week. I agree and was very excited. I like it when things are quick. I come in and enter the building to their office  

I’ll go one step further and describe an interview that actually led to me calling the HR executive team afterwards and warning of a lawsuit. I was interviewing at a large insurance company that will remain nameless. They had me come in to meet with the new sales manager. I was told they had been cleaning house, and this was the guy that would “save the branch.” Well… he was an idiot and knew nothing about sales, and I figured that out rather quickly. For those that don’t understand sales, or get a bad taste in their mouths just hearing about it, let me be clear that it is not an easy job, but i 

There were two instances of this happening. Both of them were while I had a job and was just looking to see what was out there, so there was no need to just take a job. I am an industrial mechanic/journeyman millwright with over 25 years experience. In the last 10 years or so, it has been an employee’s market, with more job openings than qualified applicants. It also must be said that this is an area of industry that is full of job hoppers. Experienced industrial mechanics can get another job in less than 2 weeks of searching and will leave a job for any reason and move on elsewhere. Having a lo 

I had been working as a software developer in a university research lab. I was getting really tired of what I was doing for a variety of reasons and thought it time to look for something else. I didn't know quite what I wanted to do, but conveniently I received a phone call from someone looking to hire a programmer for a big company that found my name somewhere. I figured it was worth interviewing even though it wasn’t a company I was particularly interested in working for. My previous jobs had pretty much fallen into my lap and I had no experience interviewing in a corporate setting. This was 

Did you ever get an order from someone who had absolutely no authority over you? What was it and what did you do?
The only time I can remember this happening to me, the order was not only from somebody outside my chain of command, but also a lower rank and from a different country! During mobilised service on Operation TELIC in the Autumn of 2003, I found myself in a party taking a small convoy of leased white fleet 4x4s back to Kuwait for servicing and we stopped off in the American Camp Doha. Whilst there, I visited the PX and accidentally committed the heinous crime of trying to buy a couple of tshirts with the word ‘ARMY’ printed across the chest. Nowadays, one just goes on Amazon or eBay and buys anyt 

Yes. Well, I mean, obviously, otherwise I likely wouldn’t be answering the question. So, in undergrad I worked in housing and hospitalities at my University. My job was sometimes consistently at one place, but sometimes I’d work different places and different jobs every day, all over the campus. It wasn’t a great job, but they paid extremely well and they were flexible with my school schedule, so it worked for me. One time I was called in to work at a Starbucks on campus as a trainer. I hadn’t worked there in a very long time, but I remembered it well because I actually found it to be a fun plac 

My very first job. I was a dishwasher and busser at a local restaurant, kind of like a small town feel and mentality. When a waitress position opened ALL the other employees tried to get the owner to give me the job but the owner said he couldn't because he had heard how great I was at bussing and felt that the other employees needed me more in the position I was already in. Total bummer and not the last time I would hear that my work ethic would get in the way of advancements and potential work. So he hired this new lady who was, well let's just say a rude b*tch to all other employees except  

My business partner and I got a call to recover a 40 ft cruiser that sunk in shallow water a few years ago. We’ve done recoveries , 12–15 prior. We took our tug, dredge barge and a flat deck barge out to the site with the divers we hired for the job-certified hard hat construction divers (a 3 man crew). When we got to site and spudded down to secure the barge a small fiberglass runabout came out with two men onboard. They came along side us and one of the men jumped onto the barge and started barking orders and saying he wasn’t paying for three divers (which -3 man dive crew for this type of wor 

Ha! I love this story. My dad died when I was about 7ish. I don’t really remember much about him, but I do know the look my mom gets every time she thinks about him. It’s an instant flash of happiness, Nostalgia, and Tranquility. Not the usual look of, stress, or worry, or unease I’m used to seeing on her face most days. For the next couple of years after that, my mom didn’t date. Like AT ALL. The only male presence I grew up around was my older brothers, and my best friends. But then, one day, when I was around 12 (Very close to my thirteenth) and was coming home from track practice early, sin 

Oh, I sure did! I worked in a LARGE HR office. I was a new manager and soon learned I worked in a freaking snake pit. No lie -- these were women who would not flush the toilet on purpose. You have no idea how revolting this was at times. They would also withhold information needed by others and steal work off your desk. All sorts of shenanigans went on. One manager was a lazy, ass-licker, and sucked up to upper management regularly and I detested her from Day One (that's another story I already wrote about. It involved dogs). She was one of 5 managers in our Section so I had to deal with her fa 

When I was very young and stupid, I worked as a clerical and administrative customer service assistant for a family that was verbally, emotionally, and financially abusive. As a side note, I did finally escape from them, but they were so damaging to my confidence and ego that when I finally quit, it was like being in a bad marriage and I ended up in therapy for a year to deal with the psychological aftermath. In any case, it was not unusual for this family to force me to perform tasks that were clearly beyond the scope of my job description to avoid hiring contractors and save money. Instead of 

Oh man,I’ve been waiting for an opportunity to tell this story. I am a 64 year old,retired building contractor-carpenter. I was hired on with a small company a couple years ago that did remodels and restorations. The first day,I just hung a very large fireplace mantle then began stripping the kitchen out for a complete re-make when this kids walks into the house. I call him kid but he was maybe 24 years old. Steel spike earings, and piercings everywhere. Forehead,nose cheeks,etc Bald head and tattoos everywhere. He immediately began to check out my work and then blurts out’ “ This mantle is cr 

When I first moved back to FL from NYC, I picked up a job at a summer camp near my house. It was a local secret on a beautiful lake and all of the well off families sent their kids there for decades. Even the staff members grew up there. As an outsider, it was like high school all over again. Mostly, I didn’t mind because I’d never gone to camp like that, and I enjoyed doing fun activities with the kids. It was a relief from the city and so beautiful! My boss was a bit sketchy, and the pay was low, but the staff members were pretty chill and the work wasn’t hard. I was grateful to get back to  

I see over 100 answers here so I wonder if it’s too late to post. Here’s my answer, but I’ll have to explain a lot before getting to the two orders that I disobeyed and one my brother disobeyed. My brother was getting married in another state (Wisconsin) so the rest of our family went to the bride's family City of Milwaukee to attend. None of our (nasty) relatives went to my brothers wedding so all the other guests were of the bride's family. There is an US tradition that the Grooms family needs to pay for the out of towners formal dinner and the Brides family pays for everything else. So, my fa 

What should you say to a colleague if you see her wear the same shirt two work days in a row (Friday and Monday)?
There's a thing called a washing machine. It's this magical device that allows your dirty clothes to be thrown in along with some soap, and they come out clean in an hour! Then there's another thing called a dryer that you can throw your just cleaned clothes into, and they tumble around for an hour and get dry! Here's a little food for thought. There was a story following an Australian newscaster because he wanted proof that women's clothing is noticed more often then men's. This Australian newscaster decided to go a WHOLE YEAR wearing the SAME shirt and suit jacket to see how many people would not 

It's interesting to me how focused you are on this person’s clothing. I'm wondering if this is someone you like (like a crush), someone you want to humiliate or dislike in someway, (like a mean boss or co-worker), or if this is something you find yourself focused on in other settings. Even if she is wearing the same shirt two days in row, I also wonder what it is about someone doing this that feels very important to you. Do you find that you are generally focused on the appearances of others? Or perhaps focused on small details and feel the need to correct others around you? Was this something  

I work at a College, and we are occasionally given branded clothing. Now I have been working at the same place for 12 years, and I am still roughly the same weight. So I have by now a very nice collection of branded shirts and jackets, and quite a few of my shirts look exactly the same. I usually have a busy day at work, and I am on my feet a lot. The offices are generally old buildings - dusty and crowded, and full of places that can hook and tear or damage fancy clothing. Sometimes I even have to move heavy boxes and stuff. I also do not really work with the public - just my students and the st 

Another example of “Things women can’t do.”  Women are expected to wear “something different” every day (in jobs that do not require a specific uniform).  If they wear the same thing … they get judged.  They are either lazy, wearing dirty clothes, a “slut” (spent the night having sex, and so wore the same clothes the next day… aka walk of shame), or lacking in style. A man can wear the same suit every day of the week.  Same colors, same style, even the exact same suit … and no one notices or cares.  I dated a man who had five suits… all the same color and style, and 10 white shirts… exactly ali 

Has the overwhelmingly one-sided response to this question made an impact on you yet? There’s a simple reason why everyone has disagreed with your obvious opinion on this topic. Once you become an adult, and especially once you start working in the real world … that same sort of obnoxious middle-school behavior of not only judging another human being for stupid things like what they wear/how they look, but also of you feeling like you have some kind of “right” to go and tell them about it, TOOO?! ….. is just you being incredibly judgemental and just plain old RUDE!!!! Even if your coworker wears 

In addition to the things others said (there being two full days to do the laundry, the possibility of a strict dress code limiting options, the fact that people often buy more than one of something they really like, etc) I know I tend to wear certain items more often when I've gotten compliments on them, than items no one’s ever said anything about. If someone compliments the fit, color, or design of something I wear, I feel less self conscious, more confident, and better about myself when I wear it again. Compliments also mean that whatever item it was caught their eye. Especially in a cubic 

Absolutely nothing. First of all, its none of your business. Second of all, you do not know any details. When I lived in Europe, the Germans, French and Italians would buy only one or two outfits a year but they are expensive and of great quality. They buy for tailoring and quality, not quantity. The French do not buy fashion clothes but buy one or two pieces a year of high quality and then they accessorize with scarves, belts, or costume jewelry to give it fashion. I have worn black every day for over 25 years. When I like the fit and quality of a sweater, pants, or shirt, I buy 6 to 12 pieces 

You should say nothing. It’s completely irrelevant unless their actions are connected to poor hygiene which in turn has a direct negative impact on your work or their’s. For the past several years, I’ve been wearing essentially the same outfit to work almost every day. It’s a self imposed uniform of sorts. I manage a warehouse where I have to be prepared for both getting occasionally dirty or sweaty, but also have to be dressed appropriately enough to speak with clients who may show up unannounced. I’m not willing to spend the money required to constantly replace my fine clothing that may get d 

I have an interesting perspective on this. I’m from the US and i never wore the same outfit twice. I had 30 pairs of shoes and two over flowing closets of clothes. When i moved to france i donated almost everything, and kept my favorite items and a nice classy wardrobe for work. 6 months after i realized i STILL owned too much and purged again. I now have 4 pairs of shoes and a classy, chic capsule wardrobe. i even asked my friends why they rewore the same clothes all the time 1. because it is not dirty. I sit at work, i go home. Why would i waste energy and water cleaning something that isn’t  

Original Question: What should you say to a colleague if you see her wear the same shirt two work days in a row (Friday and Monday)? My Answer: First of all, you have zero business in saying ANYTHING to her about what she wears to work. It's none of your business, so do her a favour and say not one damn word about this. This may come as a surprise to you, but not everyone can afford a different outfit for every day of the week. I certainly couldn't when I was still able to work in my office job. 14 years later, I'm 47 and still can't afford many clothes and I never shop at boutiques. I go years wi 

What’s the best revenge you’ve gotten after being fired or let go from a job?
A few years back I was the head of an Australian IT startup in Sri Lanka. I did everything the company needed from Registering the company and hiring all employees to setting up the processes. My Director who was an Australian was initially impressed with me but slowly but surely I grew out of favor. Partly because I would challenge his stupid orders and partly because he thought I was a threat. In any case I was prepared to resign as long as he asked me to, in a professional manner. Instead he tried to make my life a living hell. From pitting employees against me and giving them confusing and  

I was about fifteen, working in the concession of a local recreation center. It was my first job. My boss, Julie, was extremely tough to please and had a high staff turnover rate. I knew this when I applied for the job, but I needed the money as I was going on a trip with the local travel club in March and I wanted spending money. She was made aware of this when she hired me in September. It was February 14 when I reminded Julie that I was taking my trip with the travel club during spring break (March 19–21). This was more than a month’s notice that I would need that week off, not that she had a 

Many years ago I was working in the Middle East when I was offered a fresh challenge in Latin America, as I spoke Spanish and Portuguese I felt this was a good move. I arrived at my new job and to my surprise they had already decided to double my asking salary….good start but anyways. After 6 months of hard work and increasing sales I asked the boss for a working visa as the one I was on had almost expired to which he agreed. I was given all the documentation and $2000 for expenses and flew to England. My visa was ready and stamped into my passport so I headed back. After my second day back I wa 

Wasn't fired from the job, my revenge came on making sure I received payment. A customer I had done work for in the past contacted me about installing a flue liner in an old chimney/fireplace. He had just purchased an old hunting cabin about an hour and a half away from where we live. This particular guy was what one may call, for lack of better words, a tight ass. Penny Pincher. Cheap fu..er comes to mind, etc. He has more money than I will ever have in my lifetime, however, he always has a hard time digging in his pockets when payment time comes. He always has to feel like he's getting a dea 

What’s the best revenge you’ve gotten after being fired or let go from a job? all names have been changed because I feel it is needed, lol It was completely unintentional for as many people to be fired after I had quit. I know that the question is about revenge after being fired or let go, but this story is about the aftermath of a job ending. The backstory is that I was working as a dishwasher at a high-end restaurant that a plain chicken breast and rice was $15.95. It was on Valentine’s Day (1992) that I had met Howard. Howard was from the corporate office that was located in CA. I just googled 

Some years back I was working as a service engineer for a large electronic lock company near London. After a couple of years there, the company was looking to start building a network of field based engineers around the country, and the General Manager was looking for any volunteers to relocate. I had friends who had moved North and thought, well, why not. Unfortunately the old service manager (my direct boss) had recently left, and the guy who was the longest serving engineer was taking his place, and we just really didn’t get along. Not sure why -- he was a fairly reserved type and I was not  

Well, it was not exactly being fired, or being let go, but here is the story of a job that I walked away from, with a bit of revenge. I’m not proud of it, nor am I ashamed of it. It is just something that happened. Some details have been redacted from this telling, and some that are not flattering to the author remain. You be the judge.  I took a contract job in college (this was about 30 years ago) to design a peripheral card for a PC. The company made scales, and wanted to interface sensors to the PC to build a new scale. It’s common nowadays, but was pretty new back then. I designed the devic 

I’d self financed for a career change and finished one job to complete my final studies full time for a year, my ex got a great job offer in another part of the country and when we moved my job opportunities shrunk from reasonable to almost zero but her salary more than doubled so the move made sense. After 18 months of scrabbling around doing low skill temp jobs I managed to get a firm to take me on; I was the lowest paid in the firm, even my secretary earned 40% more than me. I worked hard, introduced new ways of using tech that we already had to speed up and simplify the job and developed t 

Got two stories, from completely different jobs. JOB #1: This one doesn’t quite qualify, as I hadn’t been fired, but maintains the general spirit of the question. I was in my mid-twenties working for a high-end jewelry store in a dying mall in 1998–99. I had been hired on part time in the fall of ‘98, and as Christmas closed in, naturally I saw an increase in my hours. The owner of the store also owned a second, somewhat larger store across from the one I worked at that sold his second- and third-tier jewelry, plus collectibles like Lladro, Giuseppe Armani, Swarovski, and (ugh) Precious Moments, 

I’m a trusts and estates paralegal. I left the large law firm I’d been at for over six years to go to a boutique law firm (big law firm had a new office administrator that was horrible…she’s since been fired, but I digress). After moving to boutique law firm (BTL) I knew that they were not a great fit. They discussed politics, religion and other topics that I don’t believe should be discussed in the workplace. At the first office holiday party, the receptionist brought brownies baked with weed (legal in Washington). At least half of the staff partook and one of the partners hit it hard. In my  

What was the most embarrassed you’ve been after having had unexpected company?
I'm not quite sure why this story comes to mind for this question, but here goes. This happened years ago, I was in the driveway under the hood working on my GTO. A close female friend, Shelley (wife of a co-worker), came over unexpectedly. Shelley is a very pretty taller blonde, great figure, sometimes way to friendly and very touchy (very touchy) when her husband isn’t around! A little background, Shelley has come-on to me numerous times. 1. The water skiing trip, while her husband is skiing she and I are sitting in the back keeping safety watch ( if the skier should fall ) on her husband, we’r 

I was with my wife and she had two black men from work that wanted a white sissy. I don't know how the conversation went or anything. But she told them my rules and my age hangup. She told me that they are good and as he was just getting comfortable with me on my knees and both of them are getting ready to ask him for a whole lot more. Then I was in between them and I was making sure that they were both clean and had good blood pressure. I was wearing a pair of Pink panties and a white nurse bra got a great rhythm going. I would suck one then the other and really needed to have it in my other  

A2A. Many years ago, I was in a motel room for a week or so, and the couple that did housekeeping there had a room a few doors down. The man was not mechanically gifted, putting it kindly, and for several days he'd knocked on my door looking for me to jumpstart his piece of wizardry in the morning. Well, mind you, these doors do not have peepholes in them. Sure enough, I get that early morning knock at the door, and somehow enough of my brain was firing to get me on my feet, and my pants on - but not quite completely. As I'm trying to zip, I'm simultaneously reaching for the door, still only pa 

This one did not happen to me, but to my ex-wife. And it happened to her in front of all her friend’s husbands. It is one of my better memories, now that I have had time to look back on it. I can only tell this story now because she is the EX-wife. I was sworn to secrecy during our marriage.  My wife and I were young (early 20’s). We moved around a lot due to me being in the military and we did not exactly have a large friend group. In order to expand out our friend circle, I began hosting a monthly poker group. It was not strictly an all guys thing, but it ended up being that way. My wife and h 

HAHA great question. I have two super separate anecdotes. Anecdote 1I was embarrassed and SCARED. My husband and I were travelling to Miami and we scored a nice hotel room but a friend said they would handle it for us and let them please get us a place, they knew some one who owned them a favor. Red flag, right? Well, this person was persuasive and it would be considered an affront to say no to this person so we accepted, flew in and got our stuff into a nice little furnished room. Seemed more like an apt than a hotel though, whatever.My husband leaves to do some errands with family and I’m a 

On occasion we have had people sell fund raisers at our door I was kind of busy well today no no different a very cute girl came over dressed in killer jeans and top she had candy bars she gave her speech and I looked at her my eyes went up and down her body she looked high schoolish and I said without batting and eyelash if your willing to go the extra mile Ill buy all your candybars…are you sure she said….she said her name was amber and she turned and left and in thirty minuted she was right back. She had about three hundred dollars worth of candy bars. Oh what did I get myself into… But she 

It was the end of the affair. Her estranged husband had returned and I wasn’t prepared to destroy a salvageable marriage I had previously assumed was irretrievably broken. She was a stunning, slim blonde who looked half her age. It pained me to tell her that I could no longer go on seeing her. I lived in a detached house on an open plan estate (no fences or high borders allowed in the front gardens). Whatever was to be kept private began behind the front door. I was leaving for work one morning when I saw a figure outside the door, through the frosted glass. I opened the door. She stood there i 

Hi Vickie, I guess this is embarrassing to admit to,by it was also a long time ago,I had been seeing this girl for a couple of months,when she called me one da to tell me she was coming over,I told her I wasn't feeling well,about a couple hours later I went out just leaving the house got in the car,was heading down the street when I was this girl heading to my house,that wouldn't have been to bad,but I had a girl in the front seat next to me.That encounter upset me because I knew it totally upset her,so after that when I was hurt I couldn't complain,because karma will always be precise and fort 

Anonymous to protect the heavily embarrassed. Not me in this case. Ok, my now ex Mother-in-law was cousin to the Wicked Witch of the West. Butting in all the time. Showing up uninvited. Major pain in the ass. But, this stopped it..for a long while. We moved cross country for a short time. While out on the west coast we became nudists. Beach, club, home. Naked all the time. Moved back to hometown. And this will tell you how much a pain the MIL was. Moved into a house. Needed an extra key. MIL offers to get a copy madea, makes herself one too. Ex was too trusting. But, she regretted it. Both of th 

This is Jacqui.  She was my girlfriend in high-school and then college, for a year or so. She was very gorgeous with big boobs and a great personality. She became popular with the boys. After finding out she had cheated on me I did the same with a girl I had recently met. Initially my relationship with the new girl was platonic…we played tennis. But then we were at a house party, got inebriated and found ourselves in my house, in my bedroom. Honestly, I was a little too inebriated and I don’t think we went all the way…but the next morning I was awakened by a house mate who told me that Jacqui was 

What was a Christmas bonus you got from your company that made you speechless?
Actually my very first Christmas bonus is the one that made me speechless, although not for the reason you might think. This was my first real corporate job, working for a title company. I was only 18, working in the back offices doing the reseach and filiming for deeds of trust, etc. Each of us clerical staff was called in seperatly to the director’s office to receive our bonuses. The director was behind his desk and after a brief ‘how are you’ chat, held up an envelope. (I knew from the office rumor mill that the bonus was $50.00 which was a lot to me in 1975). The boss said “if you want the 

A couple of years after I was first married, we had three little kids and were as poor as dirt. I was working at a computer and components supply company and it was the mid 1980s. We were young, broke but generally happy. When my daughters were born, we did not have insurance and they had health issues. We found ourselves with more than $14,000 in debt. That’s a lot now but imagine how that was back in the mid 1980s. I was working full time and also freelancing while my wife cared for our three babies. At this employer each month they had an all-hands lunch, often catered, but sometimes a potluc 

In every season on my Netflix series Pimps based on my life as a headhunter some of the best scenes are anonymised versions of how otherwise intelligent people fuck up the simple act of giving people stuff at Christmas But the first was a when I was a freelance hardcore Windows/C++ programmer, not even slightly a pimp at all. this version of Windows (known as Windows for Playgroups) had some really awkward problems with memory, sol they found me, offered a respectful amount of cash and I turned up to beat it into submission. This was a 150 man company (and one female HR who gets her own episode 

Hmm I haven’t worked for many companies that did bonuses but, the one that instantly comes to mind was very early in my working career. I was early 20s, right out of college and working contract trying make ends meet and wasn’t too happy with any of the Christmas work I was getting. I just slogged on through and smiled even when I was feeling pretty depressed. I had to, with bald tires and no money to replace them. My last before Christmas job was way out of my field but hey, it paid. I got offered a 2 week temp job at Hickory Farms doing Christmas crunch work. I dunno if you’ve ever done those 

I worked for a company years ago that was a private company that did very well across the country. The owner was generous with his employees as well as fair. Around Christmas time if the year was good everyone from the top officials to the custodians would receive the same amount of a Christmas bonus if he felt we all deserved it and what the amount should be. For years every December we would receive a check for $1,200.00 My first one wasn’t that much of shock because the people who had been working there for years primed me on it. It wasn’t until a few years later that no one knew what was g 

Mine is a little bit different than the rest. It’s not about what I got, or didn’t. It’s about the ‘boss’ of the company and how petty he was in considering the subject. I was a partner in an excavating company. It was a small company, my partner (ALWAYS sure to remind me and anyone else that he was the 50% partner), me - at 40%, and his wife - who did the bookkeeping and took care of the office details at 10%. There was also usually ONE employee who was my ditch-hand/laborer. For this discussion, it was Troy - to this day possibly my best friend and most reliable go-to. The BOSS (and don’ t yo 

I would like to share with all of you some information about this company that I worked for. This was about 25 years ago. It was a credit life and disability insurance company and I work in the claims department for about 2 or 3 years and then I switched over to the administrative side and work there for 2 or 3 years. So just to start off when I went and interviewed for the job. I interviewed with the owner / president of the company and everything went well. So he told me I needed to come back for a second interview and when I went back for my second interview I was literally shocked at how t 

It couldn’t have come at a better time and was a COMPLETE surprise… I had worked at a small insurance company for three years. I was expecting our first child and had planned to work up until the baby was born, but then I was quitting because a) we were moving six hours away to a different city where my (now ex) husband had already started a business and b) we planned for me to stay home with the baby. Unfortunately this all made money VERY tight… and it was December, to boot. So I was working full time, trying to arrange a moving van, going home to try and pack while nine months pregnant, batt 

In the 1980’s, I worked for a start up adventure travel company in Cambridge, Massachusetts. The company, Overseas Adventure Travel, was started by a vivacious woman in her 20’s named Judi Wineland. Note: The current Overseas Adventure Travel was sold by Wineland in the 1990’s and now caters to mature adventure travelers. Wineland went on to found Thomson Safaris, Thomson Family Safaris, and more with her husband Rick Thomson. They offer fabulous trips. I took my children on safari in Tanzania and to the Galapagos with their outfit. But I digress… Judi was one of my favorite bosses, ever. She ha 

Answering anonymously because the company I am going to talk about in this answer is a very well known and established brand and I don’t want any flack or retaliation, because I am related to people who still work for the company. In my mid 20’s I took a job working as an assistant store manager for a large grocery chain which operates in the Northeastern US. I had gotten hired in January and that following December it was announced that the company would be throwing Christmas parties in each of its stores (it had about 30 at the time) after hours for all the store management and department man 

What is the most thought-provoking comment you accidentally overheard about yourself?
Well not overheard but read. I'm sorry this might be a bit long. My mother in law stayed with us for a few months last year to try and get herself back together after a divorce. She was going through a difficult time and my husband being such a lovely son, offered to help her and bring her to live with us until she got herself sorted out. He thought our positive and hopeful approach to life might be a good influence on her. I have never had a deep friendship with my mother in-law because we live in different countries and only visit once a year, and when that does happen I'll naturally spend more 

I was suicidal in high school but I didn’t want anyone to know. I was a cheerleader and had a perfect family so it was just me-I was a mess. I used No-Doze before school so that I could be as peppy as ever because that wasn’t a drug and I didn’t do drugs. My mom must’ve been able to tell that something was wrong, though, because she’d gone to our paster with her concern that maybe I was on drugs (this was back in the 80s when schools were warning parents about the signs of hidden drug use). My pastor dutifully asked me if I was ok and of course I told him I was. He smiled and said he figured a 

To add context, I was raised by my grandmother and step-grandfather. My mom has manic depression and is considered a person with autism. My dad is a drug dealer and fled the scene as soon as I was born. I spent the first two years of my life living with my mom and her dad as he vowed to help her learn to care for me. My grandfather was drunk all the time and would leave for days at a time to get wasted and party with his pals. My mom didn’t know how to feed me so I crawled around the floor looking for lint or pieces of ice that fell out of the freezer to eat. My mom didn’t know how to clean me 

My late 30’s saw me spiraling in with worsening depression, alcohol and drug abuse. Quite literally by the Grace of God I ended up in treatment and afterwards threw myself into a program of recovery. I was, in an odd way, fortunate in that my practice was in a smaller community and my having had a problem was not exactly a secret which helped with the “acceptance” piece of my recovery. This let me be open about my addictions and people were kind. My father, however would avoid any conversations about my recovery. Mention going to a support group meeting or calling my sponsor and he would immedi 

When I was in primary school, I heard one of my teachers attempting to give us a lecture on the planets, a subject I have always had a keen interrest in… His information was all wrong so I kept on correcting him, eventually, furiously, he suggested that if I was so smart that I should be the one lecturing the class, so I told him to have a seat, very politely, you would not believe the look on his face, so I proceeded to teach my fellow students about their solar system and gave them some insight into some of the wonders and mysteries of the universe… very furiously after the period was over,  

I grew up very close to my Gramps. He lived a few blocks away from my parents. We’d go to the park, bake cakes together, draw animals (he was a great artist), work in his garden, and he taught me how to play poker at a young age. We even shared a birthday. When I turned nine or 10, he bought me a pink corsage to wear to church — and he bought himself a matching boutonnière — to show off to anyone who asked about it that it was OUR birthday. When I turned 15 (old enough to get a learner’s permit), he offered to teach me how to swear at other drivers. When I was a senior in college, I received a  

“He's more trouble than he's worth.” That was the assessment of the leader of my church youth group when I was a teenager. The worst of it was that at the time, I believed him. Between a potent combination of ADHD and Bi-Polar Disorder, I really didn't fit in anywhere. I didn't think about things the same way as the other boys, didn't process information the same way, didn't have the same motivations. I had always gotten along better with the grown-ups, in large part because they were less likely to distract me or trigger me just for fun. It was easy to get the group’s Alpha (I'll call him Al) g 

As I was looking at the wording of this question , a funny past event entered my mind . My employer , every so often , would hold daylong training sessions for company news , plans , achievements , and any other information that they wanted to pass on to us . The sessions would be a regular working day but always held off site . To build the atmosphere into some positive energy and to get us awake with the blood flowing, they usually started these training sessions with some form of exercise . One of the Corporate Executives announced in a very enthusiastic manner from the front of the room : “ 

I was a normal high school kid, but a comment I overheard led me to question everything I thought I knew about myself. My grades were OK (B’s) and I was a very good athlete. I had a girlfriend, took photos for the yearbook and acted in 2 school plays. I enjoyed science and was a bit of a science nerd. I was even in the gifted program because I had tested with a high IQ. My biggest school activity was the Swim Team and I was a team Co-Captain for both my Junior and Senior years. I had a pretty good sense of myself and certainly saw myself as average to above average all around. One day, I came in 

At the age of 27 in my second job, I was told to present at a City Council meeting for a project I was managing. I was technically competent to manage that project but had never presented in public before let alone for elected officials in a televised session. All public speaking at my previous employer, City of Los Angeles, was reserved for seasoned and well respected staff probably ages late 30s and up. I was really inexperienced at public speaking and was scared to say anything wrong since I was on probation. As the council meeting neared, I kept reviewing the council agenda and my staff rep 

How do top students study?
As a college student I've discovered and developed a couple of methods and heuristics that have allowed me to learn very effectively. By practicing these I do not need to attend classes and therefore have more free time to pursue more knowledge in Computer Science through books and online courses, among other things. A couple of the methods I practice are based on scientific studies. Other heuristics I've developed myself and are basically based on logic. Any feedback or critique is more than welcome, since it would be a great opportunity to improve them if need be! So, to the methods:  * 80/20 A 

For STEM classes, I would recommend breaking hard problems into simpler ones. I have read this is a natural method for autistic people who score highly on the WAIS IQ test “Block Design” section. Go figure. We can learn from each other. Below is an example of a technique to do this breakdown, which I call "SWIFT". The goal of SWIFT is to help you learn efficiently, visualize concepts and solution spaces, remember long term, do homework quickly, and do well on tests. SWIFT (Show Work in Five Thoughtgroups) simply breaks problem-solving down into five distinct but connected parts, each of which ar 

I think my perspective on this one might be different than most based on the admittedly limited sample size that has graced my feed. For context, I sat the Cambridge international examinations. I achieved 8 A* stars at IGCSE with studying only the night before each paper and then 5 A* at A levels (including one taken early and skipping a year of formal classes) with roughly two weeks of study before exam time and very minimal homework/classwork conpleted throughout the year. I definitely do not my recommend my study style for everyone nor am I confident that it will help me survive University s 

I did pretty well at MIT, and there's a few things that I did there that haven't been mentioned yet. The most important thing is to keep track of how good your understanding is of the material.  I saw a lot of people thought that they understood what was going on in a class, but could easily get tripped up by the basics even after the class had moved onto more advanced topics.  Having a thorough understanding of the basics is particularly key, because most advanced material is really just an extension of the basics. For most mathy, computer science topics, there's really two parts to understandi 

I never went to university. My grades at high school were mediocre at best and I never felt fulfilled by conventional academia. Many years after leaving the schooling system, sometime in my early twenties whilst travelling I was presented with an empowering realization: I actually enjoyed learning! On top of this, I was intrinsically motivated to quench this thirst for knowledge, and soon became proficient in a number of skills which I’d previously perceived as off limits due to my preconceptions learned through school.  Around 5 years after I’d started learning my second language I’d achieved nativ 

Einstein was asked for his “formula” for success. Most expected an answer long and sour, but he kept it short and sweet: “If A is success in life, then A = x + y + z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut.”  The TOP STUDENT CODE  I. EINSTEIN’S ALGORITHM for GENIUS For almost a century now, people have marveled at Einstein’s intellectual feats. In fact, if not in name, if you look up the word genius, notice that listed among its synonyms is one rather “peculiar” addition.  Think about that for a second. … Indeed, it borders on unbelievable that the last name of an actual flesh and blood 

I think this question has been done to death. However there is one crucial thing that many answers left out: How to make studying interesting. Let’s be honest here guys. You don’t want to do something that’s boring and cumbersome to do right? You don’t need anyone to nag you to go out with your friends, or play video games or listen to music. You do that anyways. How about hobbies? You don’t need anyone to force you to paint or code computer programs or sing right? That’s because you find such activities fun and interactive. You are automatically good at things you find entertaining. Hence, you need 

The top student of the Cambridge ‘A’ level of the entire nation of my cohort used to rent a room in my house! (He is probably the international top student as well since the Cambridge system is international) The first day he arrived at my house, his reputation already preceded him. My father sat him down over tea and made a pact with him. ‘I value my own child’s education greatly and I respect that he has a motivated friend like you.’ my dad solemnly expressed, taking a breath and continued ‘Study with and coach Peng Peng every day and I do not intend to charge you a single dime of rent.’ So it  

I suspect this answer is going to be unpopular. I always had top grades in my classes. And I barely studied. Great effort for me was cracking open the textbook or actually attending lectures. I never thought much about this, as my early years of college were much more about parties than passing. I took the grades for granted.I passed most courses without reading the textbook or attending class. I just showed up for the tests. if I thought about it at all I figured those who studied were even more hung over than I was. Fast forward thirty some years. I had a car accident recently, a severe one. I 

They work their asses off. It is as simple as that. I’m tired of reading bullsh!t answers from authors who claim “using highlighters”, “following a healthy diet” or choosing “tidy well-lit study spaces” help students get top grades. That is extremely misleading. There is no secret to being a top student. It is simply sustained effort and hardwork that results in outstanding academic performances. I have experiences being both an “average” and a “top” student during my time in high-school so I am well aware of the qualities that distinguish the two. From primary school until the 9th grade I was a 

How do top students study?
As a college student I've discovered and developed a couple of methods and heuristics that have allowed me to learn very effectively. By practicing these I do not need to attend classes and therefore have more free time to pursue more knowledge in Computer Science through books and online courses, among other things. A couple of the methods I practice are based on scientific studies. Other heuristics I've developed myself and are basically based on logic. Any feedback or critique is more than welcome, since it would be a great opportunity to improve them if need be! So, to the methods:  * 80/20 A 

For STEM classes, I would recommend breaking hard problems into simpler ones. I have read this is a natural method for autistic people who score highly on the WAIS IQ test “Block Design” section. Go figure. We can learn from each other. Below is an example of a technique to do this breakdown, which I call "SWIFT". The goal of SWIFT is to help you learn efficiently, visualize concepts and solution spaces, remember long term, do homework quickly, and do well on tests. SWIFT (Show Work in Five Thoughtgroups) simply breaks problem-solving down into five distinct but connected parts, each of which ar 

I think my perspective on this one might be different than most based on the admittedly limited sample size that has graced my feed. For context, I sat the Cambridge international examinations. I achieved 8 A* stars at IGCSE with studying only the night before each paper and then 5 A* at A levels (including one taken early and skipping a year of formal classes) with roughly two weeks of study before exam time and very minimal homework/classwork conpleted throughout the year. I definitely do not my recommend my study style for everyone nor am I confident that it will help me survive University s 

I did pretty well at MIT, and there's a few things that I did there that haven't been mentioned yet. The most important thing is to keep track of how good your understanding is of the material.  I saw a lot of people thought that they understood what was going on in a class, but could easily get tripped up by the basics even after the class had moved onto more advanced topics.  Having a thorough understanding of the basics is particularly key, because most advanced material is really just an extension of the basics. For most mathy, computer science topics, there's really two parts to understandi 

I never went to university. My grades at high school were mediocre at best and I never felt fulfilled by conventional academia. Many years after leaving the schooling system, sometime in my early twenties whilst travelling I was presented with an empowering realization: I actually enjoyed learning! On top of this, I was intrinsically motivated to quench this thirst for knowledge, and soon became proficient in a number of skills which I’d previously perceived as off limits due to my preconceptions learned through school.  Around 5 years after I’d started learning my second language I’d achieved nativ 

Einstein was asked for his “formula” for success. Most expected an answer long and sour, but he kept it short and sweet: “If A is success in life, then A = x + y + z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut.”  The TOP STUDENT CODE  I. EINSTEIN’S ALGORITHM for GENIUS For almost a century now, people have marveled at Einstein’s intellectual feats. In fact, if not in name, if you look up the word genius, notice that listed among its synonyms is one rather “peculiar” addition.  Think about that for a second. … Indeed, it borders on unbelievable that the last name of an actual flesh and blood 

I think this question has been done to death. However there is one crucial thing that many answers left out: How to make studying interesting. Let’s be honest here guys. You don’t want to do something that’s boring and cumbersome to do right? You don’t need anyone to nag you to go out with your friends, or play video games or listen to music. You do that anyways. How about hobbies? You don’t need anyone to force you to paint or code computer programs or sing right? That’s because you find such activities fun and interactive. You are automatically good at things you find entertaining. Hence, you need 

The top student of the Cambridge ‘A’ level of the entire nation of my cohort used to rent a room in my house! (He is probably the international top student as well since the Cambridge system is international) The first day he arrived at my house, his reputation already preceded him. My father sat him down over tea and made a pact with him. ‘I value my own child’s education greatly and I respect that he has a motivated friend like you.’ my dad solemnly expressed, taking a breath and continued ‘Study with and coach Peng Peng every day and I do not intend to charge you a single dime of rent.’ So it  

I suspect this answer is going to be unpopular. I always had top grades in my classes. And I barely studied. Great effort for me was cracking open the textbook or actually attending lectures. I never thought much about this, as my early years of college were much more about parties than passing. I took the grades for granted.I passed most courses without reading the textbook or attending class. I just showed up for the tests. if I thought about it at all I figured those who studied were even more hung over than I was. Fast forward thirty some years. I had a car accident recently, a severe one. I 

They work their asses off. It is as simple as that. I’m tired of reading bullsh!t answers from authors who claim “using highlighters”, “following a healthy diet” or choosing “tidy well-lit study spaces” help students get top grades. That is extremely misleading. There is no secret to being a top student. It is simply sustained effort and hardwork that results in outstanding academic performances. I have experiences being both an “average” and a “top” student during my time in high-school so I am well aware of the qualities that distinguish the two. From primary school until the 9th grade I was a 

How do top students study?
As a college student I've discovered and developed a couple of methods and heuristics that have allowed me to learn very effectively. By practicing these I do not need to attend classes and therefore have more free time to pursue more knowledge in Computer Science through books and online courses, among other things. A couple of the methods I practice are based on scientific studies. Other heuristics I've developed myself and are basically based on logic. Any feedback or critique is more than welcome, since it would be a great opportunity to improve them if need be! So, to the methods:  * 80/20 A 

For STEM classes, I would recommend breaking hard problems into simpler ones. I have read this is a natural method for autistic people who score highly on the WAIS IQ test “Block Design” section. Go figure. We can learn from each other. Below is an example of a technique to do this breakdown, which I call "SWIFT". The goal of SWIFT is to help you learn efficiently, visualize concepts and solution spaces, remember long term, do homework quickly, and do well on tests. SWIFT (Show Work in Five Thoughtgroups) simply breaks problem-solving down into five distinct but connected parts, each of which ar 

I think my perspective on this one might be different than most based on the admittedly limited sample size that has graced my feed. For context, I sat the Cambridge international examinations. I achieved 8 A* stars at IGCSE with studying only the night before each paper and then 5 A* at A levels (including one taken early and skipping a year of formal classes) with roughly two weeks of study before exam time and very minimal homework/classwork conpleted throughout the year. I definitely do not my recommend my study style for everyone nor am I confident that it will help me survive University s 

I did pretty well at MIT, and there's a few things that I did there that haven't been mentioned yet. The most important thing is to keep track of how good your understanding is of the material.  I saw a lot of people thought that they understood what was going on in a class, but could easily get tripped up by the basics even after the class had moved onto more advanced topics.  Having a thorough understanding of the basics is particularly key, because most advanced material is really just an extension of the basics. For most mathy, computer science topics, there's really two parts to understandi 

I never went to university. My grades at high school were mediocre at best and I never felt fulfilled by conventional academia. Many years after leaving the schooling system, sometime in my early twenties whilst travelling I was presented with an empowering realization: I actually enjoyed learning! On top of this, I was intrinsically motivated to quench this thirst for knowledge, and soon became proficient in a number of skills which I’d previously perceived as off limits due to my preconceptions learned through school.  Around 5 years after I’d started learning my second language I’d achieved nativ 

Einstein was asked for his “formula” for success. Most expected an answer long and sour, but he kept it short and sweet: “If A is success in life, then A = x + y + z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut.”  The TOP STUDENT CODE  I. EINSTEIN’S ALGORITHM for GENIUS For almost a century now, people have marveled at Einstein’s intellectual feats. In fact, if not in name, if you look up the word genius, notice that listed among its synonyms is one rather “peculiar” addition.  Think about that for a second. … Indeed, it borders on unbelievable that the last name of an actual flesh and blood 

I think this question has been done to death. However there is one crucial thing that many answers left out: How to make studying interesting. Let’s be honest here guys. You don’t want to do something that’s boring and cumbersome to do right? You don’t need anyone to nag you to go out with your friends, or play video games or listen to music. You do that anyways. How about hobbies? You don’t need anyone to force you to paint or code computer programs or sing right? That’s because you find such activities fun and interactive. You are automatically good at things you find entertaining. Hence, you need 

The top student of the Cambridge ‘A’ level of the entire nation of my cohort used to rent a room in my house! (He is probably the international top student as well since the Cambridge system is international) The first day he arrived at my house, his reputation already preceded him. My father sat him down over tea and made a pact with him. ‘I value my own child’s education greatly and I respect that he has a motivated friend like you.’ my dad solemnly expressed, taking a breath and continued ‘Study with and coach Peng Peng every day and I do not intend to charge you a single dime of rent.’ So it  

I suspect this answer is going to be unpopular. I always had top grades in my classes. And I barely studied. Great effort for me was cracking open the textbook or actually attending lectures. I never thought much about this, as my early years of college were much more about parties than passing. I took the grades for granted.I passed most courses without reading the textbook or attending class. I just showed up for the tests. if I thought about it at all I figured those who studied were even more hung over than I was. Fast forward thirty some years. I had a car accident recently, a severe one. I 

They work their asses off. It is as simple as that. I’m tired of reading bullsh!t answers from authors who claim “using highlighters”, “following a healthy diet” or choosing “tidy well-lit study spaces” help students get top grades. That is extremely misleading. There is no secret to being a top student. It is simply sustained effort and hardwork that results in outstanding academic performances. I have experiences being both an “average” and a “top” student during my time in high-school so I am well aware of the qualities that distinguish the two. From primary school until the 9th grade I was a 

How do top students study?
As a college student I've discovered and developed a couple of methods and heuristics that have allowed me to learn very effectively. By practicing these I do not need to attend classes and therefore have more free time to pursue more knowledge in Computer Science through books and online courses, among other things. A couple of the methods I practice are based on scientific studies. Other heuristics I've developed myself and are basically based on logic. Any feedback or critique is more than welcome, since it would be a great opportunity to improve them if need be! So, to the methods:  * 80/20 A 

For STEM classes, I would recommend breaking hard problems into simpler ones. I have read this is a natural method for autistic people who score highly on the WAIS IQ test “Block Design” section. Go figure. We can learn from each other. Below is an example of a technique to do this breakdown, which I call "SWIFT". The goal of SWIFT is to help you learn efficiently, visualize concepts and solution spaces, remember long term, do homework quickly, and do well on tests. SWIFT (Show Work in Five Thoughtgroups) simply breaks problem-solving down into five distinct but connected parts, each of which ar 

I think my perspective on this one might be different than most based on the admittedly limited sample size that has graced my feed. For context, I sat the Cambridge international examinations. I achieved 8 A* stars at IGCSE with studying only the night before each paper and then 5 A* at A levels (including one taken early and skipping a year of formal classes) with roughly two weeks of study before exam time and very minimal homework/classwork conpleted throughout the year. I definitely do not my recommend my study style for everyone nor am I confident that it will help me survive University s 

I did pretty well at MIT, and there's a few things that I did there that haven't been mentioned yet. The most important thing is to keep track of how good your understanding is of the material.  I saw a lot of people thought that they understood what was going on in a class, but could easily get tripped up by the basics even after the class had moved onto more advanced topics.  Having a thorough understanding of the basics is particularly key, because most advanced material is really just an extension of the basics. For most mathy, computer science topics, there's really two parts to understandi 

I never went to university. My grades at high school were mediocre at best and I never felt fulfilled by conventional academia. Many years after leaving the schooling system, sometime in my early twenties whilst travelling I was presented with an empowering realization: I actually enjoyed learning! On top of this, I was intrinsically motivated to quench this thirst for knowledge, and soon became proficient in a number of skills which I’d previously perceived as off limits due to my preconceptions learned through school.  Around 5 years after I’d started learning my second language I’d achieved nativ 

Einstein was asked for his “formula” for success. Most expected an answer long and sour, but he kept it short and sweet: “If A is success in life, then A = x + y + z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut.”  The TOP STUDENT CODE  I. EINSTEIN’S ALGORITHM for GENIUS For almost a century now, people have marveled at Einstein’s intellectual feats. In fact, if not in name, if you look up the word genius, notice that listed among its synonyms is one rather “peculiar” addition.  Think about that for a second. … Indeed, it borders on unbelievable that the last name of an actual flesh and blood 

I think this question has been done to death. However there is one crucial thing that many answers left out: How to make studying interesting. Let’s be honest here guys. You don’t want to do something that’s boring and cumbersome to do right? You don’t need anyone to nag you to go out with your friends, or play video games or listen to music. You do that anyways. How about hobbies? You don’t need anyone to force you to paint or code computer programs or sing right? That’s because you find such activities fun and interactive. You are automatically good at things you find entertaining. Hence, you need 

The top student of the Cambridge ‘A’ level of the entire nation of my cohort used to rent a room in my house! (He is probably the international top student as well since the Cambridge system is international) The first day he arrived at my house, his reputation already preceded him. My father sat him down over tea and made a pact with him. ‘I value my own child’s education greatly and I respect that he has a motivated friend like you.’ my dad solemnly expressed, taking a breath and continued ‘Study with and coach Peng Peng every day and I do not intend to charge you a single dime of rent.’ So it  

I suspect this answer is going to be unpopular. I always had top grades in my classes. And I barely studied. Great effort for me was cracking open the textbook or actually attending lectures. I never thought much about this, as my early years of college were much more about parties than passing. I took the grades for granted.I passed most courses without reading the textbook or attending class. I just showed up for the tests. if I thought about it at all I figured those who studied were even more hung over than I was. Fast forward thirty some years. I had a car accident recently, a severe one. I 

They work their asses off. It is as simple as that. I’m tired of reading bullsh!t answers from authors who claim “using highlighters”, “following a healthy diet” or choosing “tidy well-lit study spaces” help students get top grades. That is extremely misleading. There is no secret to being a top student. It is simply sustained effort and hardwork that results in outstanding academic performances. I have experiences being both an “average” and a “top” student during my time in high-school so I am well aware of the qualities that distinguish the two. From primary school until the 9th grade I was a 

What's the most important lesson you learned in college?
What are the advantages of having a low GPA?
GPA is a sentimental issue for many people. It is also an intricate and complex issue to talk about. I have come across people who have regretted having a lower GPA and I have come across people who were not worried at all about it. There might be many situational advantages of low or high GPA other than academic advantages and disadvantages. Since the question is about low GPA, let's focus on that. Let's look at three such situations. I hope I would be able to put up my point convincingly and effectively. It is assumed that every student in a class has almost the same intellectual level. Everyb 

Most people think there are none. The biggest advantage of having a low GPA comes from the fact the people around you don’t think that it’s a good strategy to have. Here’s the thing about GPA’s: When you look at them through measures of spread, the standard deviation to mean success at different levels (even under regressive data structures)- GPA variance to high success is not all that high. The average millionaire's GPA in college was a 2.9, but Chemical Engineers also make great money- and many of them have GPAs higher than a 2.9. Unfortunately, success is heavily dependent upon your cognitive  

There’re no advantages of having a low GPA I graduated with a GPA of 2:2 at King’s College London and it’s considered pretty bad. The minimum GPA required to even be considered for internships at the top banks &amp; consulting companies in the UK is 2:1. Why would having a low GPA serve as an advantage? A low GPA means that you performed lower than your peers. Nobody cares what’s the reason - it might be the case that they worked harder, or they were more intelligent, or they were sleeping with the teacher, or they were lucky. What matters is the end result and … they did better than you. But here’s  

Just a word of caution when screening through answers for questions like these - when people give advice, they're really just talking to themselves in the past. You might not be in their circumstance, and their advice may or may not apply to you in your current situation. Take it with a grain of salt.  That being said, I'll try to give you a more universal answer. It depends on the region you're in, sector you're targeting for jobs, your major, and your tenacity.  If you're planning on going to professional school, graduate school, working in academia, or a large corporation, forget about it if  

I come from a Chinese-Canadian background, and as the son of refugee parents in a family largely comprised of refugees that escaped/emigrated from Vietnam, there is pressure in the community to forget about extra-curriculars and just strive for a high GPA. I don’t have a high GPA (i.e. 4.0, or &gt;85%). It was during my third year of undergrad when I was beginning to recover from a dip in my GPA (~70% average per term), when I entered my first benchtop research position for iGEM, a synthetic biology competition. It was here when I realized how much I loved exercising creativity and innovating solu 

So I'll answer this straight up, instead of the joking (sarcastic) response it calls for. There is no advantage. Take two identical people. Same experiences, etcetera. The one with the higher GPA is in better shape. Now, if your question is: "How do I succeed given that my GPA is low, there are several answers." 1. Show you are better than your GPA by getting involved in a broader range of activities. Try to take leadership positions in student professional clubs. Make your own internships (traditional internships won't hire you) by networking. And, network to build a broad based set of people wh 

Aaron Yip’s answer is my favorite. I want to thank him for sharing his story, it inspires me to raise my hand to the fullest. Indeed, few of us have raised our hand fair enough, even the one with high GPA. “we do the minimum effort for each and pick the subjects we seem to be already good at. It’s the wrong problem. What matters isn’t getting As.” We are afraid of challenges. We are afraid of things we are not familiar with. To answer the question: get clear with what the school’s registration office set up for the minimum GPA. If you don’t meet the GPA, you cannot continue. For grad school, the  

AS APJ ABDUL KALAM SAYS  I have both experienced getting 1st in my class and suddenly falling down to rock bottom zero but what i’ve experienced was a surprising when you get top of the class you get into competition with all of your so called toppersof the class batch eventually every one wants to take your place;some tag you as a bookworm,and some get jealous,some say you just have bookish knowledge and you dont know anything ouside this and how real world works This is the common thing if you get 1st in class you automatically sit in the first bench,you are a teachers puppet,you dont think anythi 

A/S/L/GPA: 24/M/Mohali/5.8 If there are advantages of having a low GPA, the most important one I can think is the time which you earn through it.  You have all the time to sleep during your college life. I have even slept when a mid-sem exam was taking place. You have all the time for booze and weed. You have all the time to watch movies/series till late night without the worry of the next morning class.You have all the time to chase girls and if you fail then you can always return to the second point.You have all the time to play Counter Strike or DotA or Most Wanted.This is the story as fa 

Well most likely there is one of two reasons person has a low GPA (assuming it is still passing, like I believe 2.4 is a C- in most schools); either they are doing the best they can OR they have determined how little work they need to do to pass. So if this low but passing GPA is the best they can do, for whatever reason (disability, family/work obligations, etc), at least they are passing and ultimately most things in life come down to pass or fail. Education is one of those things, after awhile. When one has several years of experience, no one is likely to ask your GPA; all they want to know  

I have 250,000 subscribers on YouTube. Should I drop out of college to pursue this full-time?
Hello friend, First of all, just go and check your revenues. If that satisfies you, drop-out. Wait! It's not that easy. Are you sure that you'll always receive the same love and grow more? It just takes some minutes to make everyone upset and you are relying on people and their time. If you made a statement and your subscribers didn't like it, they will stop watching your Channel. You will become financially unstable. If you're on the optimistic side and think that this will not happen. Just check out TikTok in PlayStore. Just a single video about YouTube v/s TikTok made the highly popular, more 

Okay let’s face it. Every student hates to study from the bottom of their heart. I know that i certainly hate it. Every sane person knows that we don’t really learn a skill in college because everyone still treats college courses as subjects not skills. So i can see why you would like to drop out of college and choose youtube as a full time career. In my personal opinion youtube is great. Many people have a career on youtube and now are earning more money per month that what a typical engineer earns in a year. Now stop right here. Okay listen (I mean read) to me very very very carefully It is true  

Hi, By just looking at your subscribers count it be much easier for someone like you to build up a real good business from the same as compared to somoene who is starting from scratch. You have already done the hard part. But make sure to see following points Your Revenue : what's your current revenue from youtube? Including ad revenue and any affiliate links. If it's more a than your expenses and you are able to save a bit on monthly basis then you can really think to do it full time. There is a risk involved, but every business and jobs have a risk and income security related issues. Sometimes

Of course, you should, most older people are only used to being somebody’s employer. College is a well-known scam only a few people actually get something useful out of their college education. The future is headed towards people working online. I have made a full living off of YouTube income myself and I made more money than people I knew with a college education. As long as you’re making more than enough money to live off of I would say why not? Just make sure you keep striving and keep working to bring that income in and save up as much money as possible. Don’t just rely on YouTube income al 

If I was your Parent, it would really depend on the nature of your channel. If your channel was of something I did not support morally, then of course I would be against it as your Parent. If it was not, then I would say as your Parent, “Go For It”! Listen, you have attained what people who go to College try to attain. Financial success. So why go to College when you are light years ahead of what they're attempting to achieve? Continuing your education does not mean you need to go get a degree. Let them take on 100k in college loan debt, why you educate yourself further on marketing, business, an 

As a business law attorney, I work with a lot of business owners. Those who are most successful learn how to have multiple streams of revenue in related or complementary industries. Thus, a hair stylist might own a hair salon, sell hair products, have a YouTube channel to show how to use her products, collaborate with lifestyle consultants, etc. They generally have products and services. But they also protect themselves by not investing solely in one industry, just in case that one industry goes south…think real estate and the mortgage industry in 2006–2008. If it’s the recording of videos that 

Firstly, that is amazing and it’s not an easy or normal feat. I would say keep developing your channel more, learn to invest your money. Start by investing it in business and scale from there. I cannot advise you to drop out of college as it is the prescribed way. To be honest, it doesn't work for most people as they end up retiring broke, that’s about 7/10 people who retire broke or with not enough. If I was you I would invest in growing this channel to a million subscribers and beyond. I would invest in business [affiliate marketing] and getting sponsorship deals. Then work on learning to inve 

Ask YouTuber Cody Wanner, Silicon Valley Girl Alexandra Gater and Graham Stephan. I included their insta profiles below so you can easily DM. They all make full time money with YouTube and do it in a down to earth attainable way. Maybe college isn’t right for you. After Lyrical Lemonade founder dropped out when he felt he couldn’t be successful at both. He has a great founder story. Just be prepared to work HARD. If you drop out don’t use it as an excuse to vacation. Cody Wanner (@codywanner) • Instagram photos and videos Marina Mogilko (@linguamarina) • Instagram photos and videos Graham Stephan 

NO… Not even Think so! They at YouTube really love to disable monetization and even remove YouTube account at any stage. Even my 10+ years old Channels with even upto 150K Subscribers got monetization disabled with no clue. From last 15+ years of Experience of using Google products like AdSense, Google+ (now discontinue), Admob, PlayStore, Adwords, and YouTube, I learnt that Do not make your profession/Business depend upon Google. They destroy everything in just one click and you have no where to contact or nothing to explain except their robots responding to your queries. Things were ok for even  

I've seen a lot of comments saying you shouldn't drop out. If you really love YouTube and like making videos then go for it don't let anyone tell you what you should do. A degree will give you a protection to fall back onto but remember that will always be in your mind and you won't be able to give your 100%. You will constantly think even if this doesn't work out I have my degree with me I'll get a job. So do it with full passion and trust me these oldies don't even know how to use YouTube let alone they are guiding you🤦🏻‍♂️. Do YouTube full time drop out of college you already have 250k su 

What are the best college life hacks?
Ok, so these are some of the life hacks I used to finish Berkeley in 2 years at 20. I hope they can help you to finish faster, have more free time, or just live a better life. Some of these are tips for classes, others are tips for making money, and some are for living in the dorms. Vacuum cleaner. Dorms and apartments can get dirty and I don’t know if it is just me, but I can not study in a dirty dorm. Everything needs to be clean or I count the little crumbs of dirt.This is also a money hack as well. The guy on my floor used to rent the vacuum out to people for $5 for 30 minutes. It has a sch

I’ll tell you how you can hack college. Who am I to tell you ? I’m a master student at EPFL (Swiss Intitute of Technology), one of the top engineering school in Europe. EPFL was ranked top 10 university in my subject of study in international rankings, and is roughly top 30 in general international rankings. EPFL is known to require an extraordinary amount of work from it’s students. Exchange students from foreign universities often have a reduced workload (20 credit instead of 30 for regular students) and still find the workload deadly. My collegues and friends are often amazed by how good my gr 

 Hack your college life (and every day!) and boost your performance with these easy ideas: Start your day the right way with an energizing morning routine. You can be on top of your game by accomplishing more things early, which in turn can motivate you to be even more productive throughout the rest of the day. A morning routine gives you structure and breaks down your morning hours into smaller chunks of work that are easier to do. I recommend reading a book called The Miracle Morning by Hal Elrod, and listening to his podcast called Achieve Your Goals.Stay focused with breakfast! It's your fue

Being a college student is NOT easy. You’ve got sleep deprivation, $5 and a couple pennies to your name, midterms, finals; the list goes on and on. We need all the help we can get! Luckily for us, I came across 10 life-saving life hacks that can serve to our advantage. 1. Take Notes with Colored Pens  Taking notes doesn’t have to be a drag; using colorful pens can turn note-taking into a fun activity. Studying with colorful notes is also a lot more fun than referring to plain black and white notes. 2. Use a Plastic Coil Hair Tie to Hold Your Key  So many people have already lost their key and we’re  

 Regular class attendance is an obvious hack for college success but since so much store is set by one’s class rank, this alone won’t turn you into a top student anymore than frequent trips to the bank makes anyone wealthy. The top students in college are usually an infinitesimal percentage of the regular class population. And that alone should tell us something about them – they posses excellent study techniques that their peers could only dream of. But if you are desirous of becoming one, you must be ready to follow in their footsteps. Here are 16 study hacks for college triumph. (1) Be An Act 

Sit in the front, because:When sitting behind, everything is a distraction.It’s more difficult to miss out on something the teacher is saying when sitting in front of them. Besides, no one will be talking in the first row, and you can’t just “have a look at your phone” and surf on a random website for fifteen minutes.It’s a waste of time going to class if you don’t plan on listening. You might as well have slept an hour longer in the morning and simply not come.Study for yourself, not for your friends.The easiest way to loose motivation is to wait on them to join you in class and not go when t

Are you an introvert and have hard time making friends? Latch onto an extrovert, preferably someone who hasn’t befriended a lot of people yet. Your social life will get much easier. On the first day of college, I singled out an extrovert who seemed nice enough and befriended her. From then on, she went around making friends. She introduced me to people, I didn’t have to struggle a lot. Plus extroverts have a lot of connections, if you need help or want to borrow something from someone, or need notes, they’ll talk to people for you.To give the illusion that you’ve written a lot increase the fon

During the whole college life, there is only one hack I follow from the first beginning. And I believe that’s what make me here. NEVER THINK OF YOURSELF AS A STUDENT. Then you will start thinking outside the box. YOU WILL DO SOMETHING DIFFERENT.When you think of yourself as JUST a student, you will think it's fine to learn things only from classes; It's fine to spend your spare time on dating, shopping, watching TV show etc. But trust me, if you think of yourself as not JUST a student, you will start putting yourself in a group of people who are not at your age (well better find a group of awesom 

Maintaining an average GPA is pretty easy. Find out a person who studies well as well as writes good notes, take a photocopy of those notes, and mug up, three days in advance to the test. Using the internet for better understanding would help. Not applicable for people who actually want to become something big in life.College is the best time for dating. Nothing is better than a place with people of your same age group looking to meet new people. Who knows? You might even be able to find “the one”. Dont loose track of your personal and career development though.Make lots of good friends, rathe

I’m going to get annihilated for this answer. DROP OUT OF COLLEGE NOW. That’s my best college life hack. I feel like I could drop the microphone right now and strut off stage. But… I guess I have to justify my answer. I have to prove why I am so right and why dropping out of college is the best thing to do. I won’t even address the financial burden. We all know about that. I got by bachelors degree eight years ago. I guess I’m old now. Damn. I’ve done business in at least ten different countries. I own real estate in four different countries. I’ve bought and sold US real estate. I’ve done private equity 

Why do so many people with expensive degrees settle for low-paying jobs?
 “Settle” for low-paying jobs? You can’t be serious, Dude. There was a time in the US when you could get a great job if you earned a bachelor’s degree in “anything.” The catch is that JFK was president at the time. Thomas B Walsh's answer to Why do so many universities offer worthless majors? Most parents (and their students) are oblivious to how college really works today. In some ways it is hard to blame them. Colleges and universities have a powerful public relations team, pushing the message 24/7 that "college is for all." The team is made up of educators, guidance counselors, financial aid office 

Question: Why do so many people settle for low-paying jobs with expensive degrees? Answer: I have a degree. It was not from an expensive university. Also, every job I have ever had has been a low-paying job. I was born in Wyoming, in the United States. In 2017, I graduated with a bachelor’s degree in mathematics, and minor in computer science from a public university in Colorado. I work low-paying jobs because applying for mid-level and high-level jobs does not work. Every time I submitted an job-application, I received an email within seconds saying, “We have successfully received your application fo 

After college, people are still lost and finding themselves. We are honest, people are still kids at 18–22. People are still trying to figure out life. You do need to at least build some relevant skills, self-efficacy, and learn to work with people for at least 3–4 years as a professional. Unfortunately, cultures are telling everyone to get married and have kids. So you have to work, that can play a role in why people settle for low-paying jobs. Other factors include not having a sense of direction. Are not applying themselves. “Just get a job that pays the bills” is messing people up. They get 

This is based on a common misconception. Companies don’t hire people because they are highly educated. They hire them because either they are skilled or they are likely to become skilled. In essence they hire people because they are intelligent and functional. They want people who are likely to do the job to a high standard. That is it, that is all that matters. In the past only the intelligent went to University and only the really intelligent passed. So anyone with a degree would immediately get positive attention. Now though it doesn’t really help differentiate people, so it is pretty much i 

I have rarely seen so many bad answers to a question on here. Why do so many people with expensive degrees settle for low paying jobs? I can tell you some answers from a half dozen people I know who settled for low paying jobs. It was not because they couldn’t find high paying jobs. Nor was it because of student loans, which makes no sense given if that was problem, then they wouldn’t have the degree. Because they would rather have the flexibility of a low paying job to spend time with family. I’ve heard this one twice, from people with good degrees.Because they are flat out unmotivated. I’ve hear

Unlike most people who answered this question. I know what you mean. Let's start with tradition. As kids we observe habits our parents have and life changes generationally. What worked for your parents isn't necessarily going to work for you. We are told the importance of working and providing for ourselves and others. However, there aren't many that challenge the status quo. From 17 until now (29) I've had a different job in a totally different field nearly every year or so. I wasn't content and didn't want to settle. Back in the day, changing jobs frequently was more taboo, but if you've worke 

Because All degrees are expensive now, and student loans are predatory. According to this report, The average US student spends $25,396 per year to attend a four year college. To take out a total of $100k in loans means paying back $100k plus interest. I won’t explain the entire poverty cycle here, suffice to say that until you get a really well-paying job, the only things you’re doing in life are working a terrible job and paying loans.“Entry level” tech or comp sci job applications frequently require more experience than someone who has just graduated college has, and don’t pay very well for 

TL;DR: the cost of the degree is not a measure of the value of the person in the labor market. I think this happens because many expensive degrees are actually not relevant for real life jobs. I read recently an article about some Spanish guys that were not able to find jobs in their area of expertise, but their area was so small the number of graduates was many times higher than the market needs. It was something like marine biology, but there are many other similar areas. Another reason is that too many people pursue advanced (and expensive) degrees just to spend a bit more time of college lif 

There are 4 main reasons Because college education is not as good as it used to be. College for all is a big thing and has been for a couple of decades. That means alot of dummies have college degrees now. people tend to choose stupid worthless degrees. Anything in an easy degree/major probably will not pay well ever for the vast majority of people. People are told to study what you love or are passionate about. That is probably the worst advice ever if you want to make much money unless you happen to be passionate about computer science or engineering. How many art majors, English literature, c 

The person needs the money and has pounded their head against the employment wall for long enough to run out of either patience or money. Not every degree pays off. You need to learn to research both jobs and careers. I knew a guy who got a microbiology degree. The best he could do to get a job in his industry was lab washup monkey. He cleaned the place for about minimum wage. He left his “industry” behind and started doing something like selling cars. Overview of BLS Wage Data by Area and Occupation Database Administrators The second is there for an example. Every kid reaching maturity should be tau 

How do top students study?
As a college student I've discovered and developed a couple of methods and heuristics that have allowed me to learn very effectively. By practicing these I do not need to attend classes and therefore have more free time to pursue more knowledge in Computer Science through books and online courses, among other things. A couple of the methods I practice are based on scientific studies. Other heuristics I've developed myself and are basically based on logic. Any feedback or critique is more than welcome, since it would be a great opportunity to improve them if need be! So, to the methods:  * 80/20 A 

For STEM classes, I would recommend breaking hard problems into simpler ones. I have read this is a natural method for autistic people who score highly on the WAIS IQ test “Block Design” section. Go figure. We can learn from each other. Below is an example of a technique to do this breakdown, which I call "SWIFT". The goal of SWIFT is to help you learn efficiently, visualize concepts and solution spaces, remember long term, do homework quickly, and do well on tests. SWIFT (Show Work in Five Thoughtgroups) simply breaks problem-solving down into five distinct but connected parts, each of which ar 

I think my perspective on this one might be different than most based on the admittedly limited sample size that has graced my feed. For context, I sat the Cambridge international examinations. I achieved 8 A* stars at IGCSE with studying only the night before each paper and then 5 A* at A levels (including one taken early and skipping a year of formal classes) with roughly two weeks of study before exam time and very minimal homework/classwork conpleted throughout the year. I definitely do not my recommend my study style for everyone nor am I confident that it will help me survive University s 

I did pretty well at MIT, and there's a few things that I did there that haven't been mentioned yet. The most important thing is to keep track of how good your understanding is of the material.  I saw a lot of people thought that they understood what was going on in a class, but could easily get tripped up by the basics even after the class had moved onto more advanced topics.  Having a thorough understanding of the basics is particularly key, because most advanced material is really just an extension of the basics. For most mathy, computer science topics, there's really two parts to understandi 

I never went to university. My grades at high school were mediocre at best and I never felt fulfilled by conventional academia. Many years after leaving the schooling system, sometime in my early twenties whilst travelling I was presented with an empowering realization: I actually enjoyed learning! On top of this, I was intrinsically motivated to quench this thirst for knowledge, and soon became proficient in a number of skills which I’d previously perceived as off limits due to my preconceptions learned through school.  Around 5 years after I’d started learning my second language I’d achieved nativ 

Einstein was asked for his “formula” for success. Most expected an answer long and sour, but he kept it short and sweet: “If A is success in life, then A = x + y + z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut.”  The TOP STUDENT CODE  I. EINSTEIN’S ALGORITHM for GENIUS For almost a century now, people have marveled at Einstein’s intellectual feats. In fact, if not in name, if you look up the word genius, notice that listed among its synonyms is one rather “peculiar” addition.  Think about that for a second. … Indeed, it borders on unbelievable that the last name of an actual flesh and blood 

I think this question has been done to death. However there is one crucial thing that many answers left out: How to make studying interesting. Let’s be honest here guys. You don’t want to do something that’s boring and cumbersome to do right? You don’t need anyone to nag you to go out with your friends, or play video games or listen to music. You do that anyways. How about hobbies? You don’t need anyone to force you to paint or code computer programs or sing right? That’s because you find such activities fun and interactive. You are automatically good at things you find entertaining. Hence, you need 

The top student of the Cambridge ‘A’ level of the entire nation of my cohort used to rent a room in my house! (He is probably the international top student as well since the Cambridge system is international) The first day he arrived at my house, his reputation already preceded him. My father sat him down over tea and made a pact with him. ‘I value my own child’s education greatly and I respect that he has a motivated friend like you.’ my dad solemnly expressed, taking a breath and continued ‘Study with and coach Peng Peng every day and I do not intend to charge you a single dime of rent.’ So it  

I suspect this answer is going to be unpopular. I always had top grades in my classes. And I barely studied. Great effort for me was cracking open the textbook or actually attending lectures. I never thought much about this, as my early years of college were much more about parties than passing. I took the grades for granted.I passed most courses without reading the textbook or attending class. I just showed up for the tests. if I thought about it at all I figured those who studied were even more hung over than I was. Fast forward thirty some years. I had a car accident recently, a severe one. I 

They work their asses off. It is as simple as that. I’m tired of reading bullsh!t answers from authors who claim “using highlighters”, “following a healthy diet” or choosing “tidy well-lit study spaces” help students get top grades. That is extremely misleading. There is no secret to being a top student. It is simply sustained effort and hardwork that results in outstanding academic performances. I have experiences being both an “average” and a “top” student during my time in high-school so I am well aware of the qualities that distinguish the two. From primary school until the 9th grade I was a 

My parents think that I should do business and abandon my dream to be an airline pilot because it is tough for women. How do I convince them?
I've read the first of the BNHA manga, and I'd like to watch the anime but I don't want to watch stuff I've already read. Which episode starts at the end of it?
My family claims were part Native American and have an old black and white photograph of what appears to be an elderly Native American woman. Is this proof that I'm part native?
Why do I like Midoriya so much? I need some help because everyone says I have a crush but I don’t even know what a crush is.
I'm new to K-pop, and I would like to get into TXT. What are some good song recommendations?
Should I quit when my boss is refusing to approve vacation time for an important trip I planned?
You haven’t shared the reason your trip is important to you so I can’t speak directly to your situation, but I can share one of my own. Eleven years ago my mom died. In 2011 my dad planned a ten-day trip to Normandy, France for a D-Day event. He invited me to go with him and offered to pay my way. He wanted the company since mom was gone. My bosses denied my vacation request. They said I was “too indispensable” to be gone for that long unless/until they found more help in my department. Just a few months after that they essentially fired me. They didn’t actually fire me - I quit in anger (over th 

“Unless you're able to get out of that trip, we may have to go another direction as far as employment.” This was spoken to me by my brand-new boss, because two years ago, I was in this exact scenario. I'd recently begun training as a barista at a local drive-through coffee stand. In Washington, the birthplace of Starbucks, one can hardly go a mile without seeing one of these little stands, and I'd always thought they'd be great fun in which to work! Initially, I was absolutely right! The customers were fun to talk to, my co-workers were so sweet, and I really enjoyed creating all of those differe 

My husband and I recently moved. He gave his boss a month notice that he would be taking a 4 day weekend, as I have a nerve disorder and cant stand long or carry anything over 15 pounds. He reminded them at the 2 week mark after they approved it and they said as long as he could run any emergency loads, this obviously was an annoyance but he agreed. The next day we found out my aunt had passed away suddenly after get pneumonia while trying to get to her next cancer treatment. Her funeral was scheduled the 2nd day of his four day weekend and was across the state about a 4 hour drive. As soon as  

Here’s my story: I had worked as a pharmacy technician in a hospital. While I was being interviewed for the job, I told the interviewer that I would only be staying for two years because I had plans to go to college out of state. He said that was fine. We discussed how everyone is required to work one holiday a year because they have to have coverage and the only fair way to accomplish this task is if everyone did one holiday. Well, during the next year and a half, I worked EVERY holiday. They even asked me to stay one night because there was a blizzard going on outside and several people couldn 

So, I think you should approach this differently. Speak with your boss and/or higher up with regards to why your request was denied. Politely and kind. If it was denied because they are understaffed or there is some concern over time sensitive assignments. I would then ask if they would approve a set hours (eg: 4 hrs of OT) to get it done and ask if that would change the approval to vacation. However, if your inquiry request is dismissed than you may have to question if this job has its employees interest at heart. If that is the case, do understand that you are just another number. Most states a 

I worked on a project, 10 years ago, where I faced quite a similar situation. We were being made to work like prisoners, no rest, no recuperation, 8:30 AM to 1:00 AM in the night or more. For more than 7 months, we endured. Saturdays, Sundays, it was all fair game. Men, women, it didn’t matter. No-one left before 12:30 AM at night. We’d drop the girls off at their respective homes before shuffling off to our own, for a few measly hours of sleep. It was the peak of the recession period, and we were all worried new entrants to the IT market. It was not a good time to land on your ass, for no fault  

Whether you should quit or not depends on you. Your question doesn’t include backstory, so I’m going to assume that you believed you would receive approval and are now at a decision point because the boss said no. One question to ask yourself is if you can afford to lose this job or if you can afford to miss that trip. Here’s my story: I got a job at a Big Box at an entry level position. But I’m 50-something, I’ve been around the block, I didn’t ‘need’ the income but didn’t mind it, and for entry level retail work it had a fixed schedule 5am-9am M-F which is super unusual and convenient. [Note:  

Counter to the answers advising to sacrifice the vacation to plan an orderly exit later, here’s a similar scenario that played out differently. My company had decided to “not-deny-but-not-approve vacations &gt;2 weeks”, and my new manager - “Tim” - was the enforcer. Tim was useless btw - gross incompetence personified - a relevant detail. I had my delayed-for-6-months honeymoon coming up - 4 weeks RVing around the USA national parks - and nothing was going to stand in the way of that. I’d also been planning a risky career pivot, and had my first bite - but not a locked in gig yet. So I resigned to Tim 

This happened to me twice. Once was in 1979, when I was working at a University Hospital, in CCU/ICU. I had an extensive back ground in CCU, &amp; was ending up in ICU the majority of the time, which was NOT why I had accepted a job there. An opportunity to go on a scuba diving trip to Grand Cayman &amp; St. John, VI with a local Zoo teen volunteers group had made itself available. I gave several months notice, and had the time accrued. My head nurse came back with they did not approve any vacation leave that was more than 2 weeks long- this trip was 16 days. I told her that it was the opportunity of a  

Our honeymoon. Three weeks driving tour across the UK. My boss was cool with me being gone for three weeks. My soon to be wife, who worked for a national chain womens clothing store at the time, was told by her regional manager no way in hell. So she decides she will give notice. Great time in our lives for a change anyway. Tells her boss &amp; friend well in advance of the formal filing. More weeks pass. Were about three weeks from the wedding &amp; the trip, formal notice has been given. Nt long after, the regional managers *boss* stops by the store to ask my wife, who had been there for years, why sh 

I've been looking, and perhaps I missed it, but have you ever posted a picture of yourself on Quora?
I want to stan the K-pop group Victon. Can anyone help me remember the members, etc.?
I read an article that William is very protective of Kate since Meghan revealed Kate made her cry. Why shouldn't Harry be protective of Meghan too?
I am getting angry right now. What should I do if a Korean girl wont date me? 😡
I am getting angry right now. What should I do if a Korean girl won’t date me? Calm down and leave the girl alone. There’s probably a reason why the girl doesn’t want to date you. Maybe it’s because she doesn’t find you attractive. Maybe it’s because she doesn’t like your personality. Don’t take it personally; after all, not everyone’s going to like you back. But if you only want to date a Korean girl because she’s Korean, then that’s just plain stupid and it makes sense why Korean girls wouldn’t want to date you. You’re literally fetishizing them. Those of Korean ethnicity aren’t automatically b 

Highly likely, koreans are an extremly racist nation towards every non-korean, other asians can melt in easier because they are the same race so they have more similar features. If anything, koreans have an OBSESSION towards pale porcelain skin, so that should tell you enough, they bleach themselves and use skin moisturizers and sunscreens that are “skin whitening”, if you are here and look around you will see thousands of plastic surgery clinics being promoted by caucasians, since its not only the white skin but they also take surgeries to get almond shape eyes, higher and pointier noses, sli 

Imagine a woman who you are not attracted to in the least, demands that you date her, and when you decline her offer, she becomes furious with you. You would think she has serious anger issues, you would be thankful that you avoided her, and she is a jerk. EVERYONE of us has liked someone who has not liked us back. Each of us has the right to say no, no matter how much the other wants to date. That is how it goes. You will survive this. Show her kindness, leave her alone, and take some time to figure out why you are becoming so angry. Only you can change this about you. It is not their responsib 

I don’t know who you are or what you look like or if you’re male or female, but just maybe to them you smell bad, maybe they think you’re ugly, very possibly they just don’t like you or think you’re an idiot…you just may want to find out before going any further…In any case, if you want to have a girl friend or boyfriend who is Asian, I would suggest that you learn the language and their customs and then try again, or just try other Asian communities, and if that doesn’t work, try finding one on an Asian dating site…and if that doesn’t work, then I’d just forget finding an Asian mate and settl 

Learn to not! It's most likely an indication you are not happy with yourself. Let her go! Now work on yourself. You are mostly perpetuating the problem. You need to be okay with rejection and be positive about what you do have. A bit of gratitude goes a long way. So what do you enjoy doing? Go do that and let her go! There is more to life that expecting people to fall at your feet. Just you do life and if she doesn't want to part of it..her loss. Being angry is only for fools. 171 views · View upvotes31Sponsored by ATP Personal Training Hong KongIt's time to prioritise your health - read more to find out why.You can feel healthier, happier and in better shape than ever before with exercise and healthy food.Read MoreRafi AkbariAnswered March 23, 2021Originally Answered: I am lonely and angry. Why wont Korean girls date me? 😔😡

mainly, no offense but this is true, Korean families only look in people for their good jobs and their income like a doctor who makes 200k a year they would consider them a part of the family but if not you know they would just dump you. This wouldn’t be an offense because back then in ancient times they believed in power and wealth also mainly if you don’t respect the Korean culture and you don’t approve the eating ways then that’s a reason why they don’t want to date you and also begging and forcing wouldn’t make it better. 83 views4Cynth GrehnAnswered March 23, 2021Originally Answered: I am lonely and angry. Why wont Korean girls date me? 😔😡

I saw this question/vent like for so many times and I assume you’re the same guy. Listen, first off if you’re in Korea, try dating apps. It might probably help you. I mean don’t lose hope, there are many half Koreans and half black kids so there might be a chance you’ll find one. It might take some luck or timing as well. Or just accept that korean girls might not be for you but you can try other asian girls that has a resemblance of korean girls features. Good luck and take break too. 84 views · View upvotes2Michael SchabowAnswered March 22, 2021 · Author has 891 answers and 131.9K answer views

Are you angry or frustrated? Deal with “you” first. Sit down and make a list of all your good characteristics, and then a list of all your bad characteristics. Think how you can make your “bad” list shorter. If you are enjoying yourself and life, then the girls will be attracted to you. But you must learn to be patient. It’s worth it. 100 viewsGrace Hy, lives in Southern California (2005-present)Updated March 25, 2021 · Author has 250 answers and 33.5K answer viewsOriginally Answered: I am lonely and angry. Why wont Korean girls date me? 😔😡

I wonder if you’re that same guy that said that Korean girls won’t date them because of their race? I guess it’s because those girls that you are desperately wanted to date refuse to date you because they’re scared of you or because they’re not ready to be in an interracial relationship with you. 69 views · View upvotes4AnonymousAnswered March 23, 2021Originally Answered: I am lonely and angry. Why wont Korean girls date me? 😔😡

Man I try to help you, and you still keep asking the same stuff over and over. You are a goner man. You are done. Nothing more, I can say or tell you, because you are too autistic. Maybe one day you will realize your actions and see why you are still lonely. 81 views · View upvotes5Angela Susanne, studies Business (2026)Answered March 22, 2021 · Author has 1.2K answers and 204.8K answer views

I don't plan on getting vaccinated until it means I don't have to wear a mask or social distance anymore. Is that fair?
When I called my twin flame, he made me feel awkward like he has no recollection of what is going on between us, but yet we communicate spiritually. Why?
I think spirituality is a realistic pursuit for the rich, just as Osho said, while the poor/middle-class/lazy use it as an excuse actually need to cover their immediate needs but tend to find great excuses in spirituality. Is this true?
Am I allowed to hate being infected with autism and feel extremely sorry for other people who have it?
Why am I the twin flame who has to do all the "work" when he just gets to sit there and be antiproductive?
Guy I know claims he could beat up any sub-250 pound mammal on the planet (including humans). He lifts a lot and is on the football team, playing defensive end. Toughest kid in high school. Is he right?
That’s cute. He’s only the “toughest kid in high school” because jaguars aren’t allowed to attend your high school. (Discrimination needs to stop.)  A big male doesn’t usually weigh more than 100 kg (220 lbs) but larger ones have existed, so we’ll say he’s 250 lbs. This guy can sever a caiman’s spine, but for mammalian prey he prefers to chomp straight through the cranium. And unfortunately for your friend, he is both a mammal, and the owner of an inordinately large head, filled with laughably out-of-touch notions of his own fighting abilities compared to apex predators. (But not filled with much e 

Oh the joys of being the school muscleheaded idiot. Here is an incomplete list of animals under 100 kg who have a better chance of killing him outright than he does of even hurting them a little: Big cats - Jaguar, Leopard, Puma, Snow Leopard  There’s little in this world better at killing than the cat family. See Alex’ answer for more details. Hyena  Contrary to people think, these guys are not scared of much, and will think nothing of trying to steal something like a leopard’s kill. Wolf  The police use German shepherds to take down people, which they do with ease. Wolves are twice their size…. Bears - 

TL;DR: Johnny Big-Bollocks at your school is full of it and absolutely could not beat up “any sub-250lb mammal on the planet”. I’m doubtful that he could beat up every individual sub-250lb human inside a twenty-mile radius of your school. Let’s get something out of the way straight up - depending on where you go to school, “toughest kid in high school” isn’t necessarily a big deal. That could mean anything from being genuinely dangerous to the equivalent of “the tallest jockey at the Kentucky Derby”. Raw strength and size is not necessarily a useful measure of whether you can beat somebody up, p 

That kid is clearly not very bright. In fact his claims are outright stupid beyond belief, does he attend biology or any nature related classes? A small chimp would tear him apart,  The average chimp is four times stronger and faster than a human being, they also BITE and any predator species would also easily tear him to shreds. Most people will think of tigers and lions here, but get a smaller predator like a hyena and it will be the same result.  The bite force of hyenas is measured at 1100 pounds per square inch, that’s more than lions and tigers, and can pulverize bones even the smallest predator 

That's cute. Your friend is probably thinking waaaay too much of himself, he's only the thoughest kid in school until these bois decide to join the class. Wolf  Wolves have bone crushing jaws and are able to confront and take down large animals such as moose or bison. No human can simply take down those animals using strength alone, and I've seen videos of K9 taking down fully grown men before, so imagine what a wolf would be capable of doing to your friend. It wouldn't really end well for him. Cougar  These guys have been known to kill lone wolves before and they're pretty ferocious predators also.  

Chimpanzees, male and female, are about 2 times stronger than the strongest human. They average about 120 pounds. This is a hairless chimp. Note the musculature. That comes about naturally. Humans may get like that in nature, like tribesmen in New Guinea, but even they are not as strong as a chimp. So your friend, full of bravado and testosterone of a teenager, is simply wrong.  Why Are Chimpanzees Stronger Than Humans? EDIT: You know what animal I forgot to mention for your friend? An old man. That’s right, an old man. You know why? Most men my age are military veterans, many are combat veterans 

He is not…at least as far as this little guy is concerned:  This is a Honeybadger, male weight ranges from 9 to 16 kilograms (20 to 35 pounds).Scientific data indicates that this guy experiences the least fear from unknown in all of animal kingdom. But how can this little guy be so fearless and survive in the same town as lions, elephants and similar top fighters of his part of the world? He cant be killed with poison. EVER. if poisonous snake bites him, he goes to hibernation for a few hours (he looks like dead). Than he absorbs the poison and mixes it with his salvia.Think about this, if his  

Original question: Guy I know claims he could beat up any sub-250 pound mammal on the planet (including humans). He lifts a lot and is on the football team, playing defensive end. Toughest kid in high school. Is he right? No, he’s so pathetically wrong it’s embarrassing. The list of mammals that would leave him in little bloody bits on the ground within minutes (if not seconds) is so long that I’ll only list a few examples here: WolverineHoney BadgerWolfHyenaAny of the medium size cats - Puma, Leopard, Snow Leopard, Bobcat, Lynx, etc.Mandrill baboonChimpanzee - I’ll specify a young adult male to 

Time to entertain the masses. To show you the extent of how inflated your supposed friend's ego is, we have recruited two characters to help us out today. Say hello to Jaggy and Salty, are ya ready kids?  “Aye Aye Captain!” “Aye can't hearrrr you!” “AYE AYE CAPTAIN!”  “Ooooohhhhh, who lives in the jungle and makes man pee?” “Jaguar ring pants!”  “Nimble and quick as lightning he be” “Jaguar ring pants!”  “If fighting a sub 250 pound cat is really your wish”  “Jaguar ring pants!” “Then die on the ground and flop like a fish!”  “Jaguar ring pants!”  “Jaguar ring pants!”  “Jaguars rip hands!”  “Jaguaaaaar, ring paaaaaaa 

I am curious, this seems more like middle school statement… To be honest when I went to highscholl nobody cared about who is being toughest. You are probably in awe of this classmate, and to you it must seem so. But let me tell you world is much bigger place than your classroom or school. There are people who train all day to fight. In my 20 i did quite a bit of judo, and some bjj. I am pretty tall 6’4’’, around 250 lbs. Not all of it pure muscle, but in decent shape. I thought I was quite strong, until I spared with some world class judokas. That opened my eyes, in truth I was quite strong, but 

I took my car to Midas for a new muffler. Later they called to say my brakes needed machining and they could not release the car. Is this legal?
I just finished my associates in auto tech, and they covered situations like this specifically — at least for the state of Ohio — and what they are doing is NOT legal. The repair shop CANNOT hold your car and keep you from taking it even if they think the thing is going to blow up or throw a tire or run you straight into the telephone pole across the street. Holding your car against your wishes is theft, and a call to the cops will get it released to you right quick.* See, you have the right as a consumer to get a second opinion, and even if the car is not drivable (for whatever reason) the rig 

NEVER EVER DO BUSINESS WITH MIDAS, that franchise is all about ripping people off. When I was young and a bit stupid I took my wife’s car to Midas for a brake sale they were having, I couldn’t even do the brakes myself that cheap! So they did it without any problems and gave me a lifetime warranty on the pads. About 4 or 5 months later and about 5,000 miles later the brakes started to squeal so I took them back to Midas, they said that the brake pads wore out due to the all the wheel slave cylinders were frozen and the main master cylinder was shot, the total was going to be around $500, this w 

May I start by saying I worked at a well known Auto Center for 30 years. As a certified master mechanic I've seen it all. I've had situation where customer have been hearing brake noise for weeks but never found time to have their vehicle inspected. By the time they finally bring the vehicle to the shop, many occasions things would be so bad where once you finally able to remove the brake drum brake parts just began to fall to the ground and there has been metal to metal friction so long where springs,brackets and other parts are disfigured and distroyed. Now suppose that customer wants to get 

In 2004 I took my vehicle to the Midas in Chandler Arizona USA for a coolant flush. Came back from a movie, all of the wheels were off. They broke the locking lug nuts. They started with an attitude towards me. I had already called for a tow and the police before I walked in to collect my vehicle. They did not do the coolant flush. They said they could not release my vehicle as according to them the brakes were bad. The police told them they could be charged with Grand Theft Auto as it was being loaded onto the bed of a tow vehicle on dollies since the wheels were not attached. I let the insuran 

My experiences with Midas have not been good. And issues were not just restricted to one outlet. First time dates back to my student days - I took my car in to get the muffler replaced - they wouldn’t let me stand and watch while the mechanic checked out the rest of the exhaust system but they called me in a few minutes later to show me that pretty much the entire exhaust system needed replacing. When he pointed out the holes in the various components the edges all showed “shiny metal” - translation, they’d hit the thing hard enough to damage perfectly good components. I told him to put the car 

Excerpt from a very good article addressing this:Okay, we have established the fact the car is 100% unsafe. We also know that the customer is not fixing the car. What happens next? The Shop Attempts to Keep The Car What were to happen if a service station attempted to keep a car. I don’t think it would take very long for the situation to escalate. I am sure that law enforcement would get involved. Laws do very from state to state, but I could not find any state that said a service shop could keep a customer from there car. In fact I seemed to find the opposite. Shops can not get in the way of 

Nearly the exact same experience with Midas 30 years ago. Brakes squeeling while stopping. Took it to Midas. They put it up on their lift. Pulled off the tire. Pulled a gasket to the side to show me brake fluid. They tell me the brakes are severely damaged and leaking. The brakes are red hot, they are dangerous, it could fail at any moment. The car is dangerous to drive. I should have a replacement of the entire brake mechanism: replace everything, plus they should check all 4 brakes for the same problem. If they took the car down as it is, they would fear for my safety and would not be held l 

It depends on your state, or local laws. In some places they cannot release a vehicle to you directly to drive off their lot if they deem it a public safety hazard. Now you noted the brakes needed machining, and that would be the brake rotors, and not the mechanism itself. Uneven rotors can lead to excessive wear of the pads, but does not prevent the vehicle from safely stopping. If the rotors were in such a state to be unsafe to drive they would need to be replaced outright, not machined. Now they cannot refuse to release the vehicle to a tow truck that you pay for to get a second opinion, or  

Oh my, if I had time to tell all the stories I have heard about rip off franchise muffler shops. I use to own and manage a large auto repair/custom exhaust shop in a city with such franchises. So many customers that would call me for an estimate and it is amazing how much i could save them over the price gouging franchises. Like thousands on converters, muffler jobs, brakes, etc. Most of the time they didn’t need what they were told but what they did need, I could save them money. Hired one mechanic that had worked for them and he said they were yelled at all the time that they better sell sell, 

No , it most definitely is not legal . Although mechanics can be held liable if a vehicle that they worked on is in an accedent directly caused by a defect they caused or noted and failed to repair , all they have to do to release the car if the owner does not want the repair corrected is to have the vehicles owner sign a waiver that releases the mechanic and the shop of any responsibility in the case of an accedent . If you car is being held hostage by an unscrupulous repair shop , first call the police then report the repair shop to the better business bureau. To avoid this problem in the fi 

If I refuse the "vaccine", why is that something bad? I am a free human being.
Its same thing I had received recently by hospital email, they wanted to state they allowed all obese people even though if had blood tests from me check from my sample I could had covid by encountering it prior. That makes me question things like if force people take vaccine and they doing more harm then good. Vaccine boosters might be beneficial to people prevent them from encountering covid. But mandatory take should right versus forced take it, Only makes people who have no idea what outcome will be, it won’t help people who still get with more hand to hand kind from UK. When Biden tries to  

I bet you fought wearing a face mask too, didn’t you?  There’s this self-entitled a$$hole where I live who tried using this card to get out of wearing one. The DOJ stated the ADA does not cover anything like this and unless you get a doctor’s written orders, everyone was required to wear a mask. But oh no, this guy refused to wear one. BTW, I’m currently living in a motel. So new visitors every night, new opportunities for spreading COVID, and this guy still wouldn’t wear a mask, not in the elevator, not in the lobby. Other long term residents and I made such a huge fuss that he was told he could 

I am sorry you have gotten so much hate for this question. I was interested in what people would say. It seems like a lot of assumptions are made about you that is not completely fair. Personally I worry about taking the vaccine. Part of it is a phobia of needles, which I get seems childish, is genuinely challenging to overcome. Part of it is being unsure that it won’t have long term unforeseen consequences, especially to reproduction. I mostly just feel uneasy in that it was a rushed vaccine and so politically driven that it may not have been studied as much as it should. Sadly many people here 

If you refuse the vaccine, it’s just showing that you’re a selfish asshole. Now, if you’re someone who thinks that the vaccine will give them autism, control their brains (such as they are) with some hypothetical microchip, or that it’s not necessary to beat something that’s “only a mild flu,” I’m very clear that I truly Do Not Fucking Care if you die in great pain. I really and truly don’t: you’re putting that old saying of “too dumb to breathe” to the actual test. But the problem I do have with it is that it’s not just you that you’re infecting. You’ll potentially spread this disease to a lot  

I’ve Covid right now dude. It’s real. It’s scary as hell and I got it from the grocery store I work at. I’m out of work for 13 days with no pay. Be free all you want but the second I get better I’m taking that vaccine and it has absolutely nothing to with religious beliefs like some fool just stated. I’ve had it for 2 days and both days symptoms just get worse. I could die dude all bc I touched something at a store. Not a sexual disease, not a cancer, not a spider bite, not from a bullet…it’s just something that shows up and they literally tell you “self isolate for 13 days and good luck” That’ 

You don’t live on an island, you are a member of a society. As a member of society you and everyone else work toward a common goal of ensuring we all survive together. By not wearing a mask, or not getting the vaccine, you will be free to absorb COVID-19 germs that are bouncing of those that have been vaccinated, and can pass them off to others of your ilk that haven’t been vaccinated, and others of your ilk can do the same, Not to mention new variants that share the same base protein of the vaccine that those who have been vaccinated will have a better chance of fighting off, you will give these 

Well, lets test your hypothesis on some related scenarios. Firstly: If I refuse to “call an ambulance for a seriously injured person I walk past on the street and instead allow them to bleed to death”, why is that something bad? I am a free human being. Yes, you are a free person, but most people would still say that refusing to go to the minor effort of dialling a number on your phone to save someone life would make you a bad person. Or what about: If I refuse to "stop walking forward when I come to a sheer cliff", why is that something bad? I am a free human being. Yes, you are a free person, b 

If you are referring to the Covid vaccine, it isn’t about you or your freedom. It’s about protecting the ones you love. Of course you can refuse to get vaccinated - many people are doing that all over the world. But they take the chance that, even if they get infected with Covid and don’t have symptoms, they can infect those they care about and someone they love may die. Did you know that, before the polio, diphtheria, and whooping cough vaccines, thousands of kids/adults in the US died every year from those diseases? Once “herd immunity” kicked in (when enough people were vaccinated so that th 

You are not only a free human being but a selfish one as well. By refusing to take the Covid vaccine, you are putting at risk people who have a compromised immune system due to complicated health conditions. Some of these people cannot rely entirely on family members to do their groceries, pay their bills, pick up their medications… so they have no option but to expose themselves to people who may be carrying the virus. My father is part of Covid’s high-risk group because he has cancer. So, my obligation is to take the vaccine even though I really dislike needles. Try to put yourself in the shoe 

I haven't read any answers to this yet but I can guess it goes something like this… “Its about safety, not freedom" “To flatten the curve" “To get back to normal" “Protect the ones you love" All these are very well intentioned but absolute garbage. We just had the one year anniversary of “two weeks to flatten the curve". Would you running a mile every day make others healthier? I have yet to wear a mask, and I hear constantly that I am a menace, a mask hole, a public danger, a murderer. Here's the thing- I am not sick, so how am I any of that? I won't be taking the vaccine either. The mob will try  

My friends say I listen to much K-pop and made fun of me. What should I do?
I'm officially a K-pop idol, but I'm very scared. I’m 12, but there are people a little older and about my age in my group, but I'm very nervous. What do I do?
I have cardiac arrhythmia. If I were to drink an energy drink, what would happen? And if I COULD drink an energy drink while I have cardiac arrhythmia, what's the "safest" one?
My 14-year-old son is going to a sleepover and he still wears GoodNites. How can he hide the fact that he is wearing them?
Am I pretty in Korean standards? To be honest, I think I'm very ugly in any standards.
I said mean things to a narcissist. Will this keep them away?
I noticed I am attracted to deaf women and I want to learn how to sign. How would someone who is not deaf find deaf girls to possibly date?
Why do I feel like when some people talk about learned helplessness, they seem to act as though it's more of a weakness or a flaw in ones character instead of a condition brought on by prolonged abuse?
Why do I feel anxious about my twin flame first thing in the morning?
I'm diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder and I'm ashamed of it and I've hidden it from everyone except my family that already knows. Am I right to be ashamed of having autism?
Why do I get scotomas when I wear glasses that are too strong?
I support banning guns in the US. Can pro-gun people provide some reasons why gun control is bad?
NO, they can not provide reasons why gun control is bad and saves countless lives. What they can provide is a stream of lies, ignorance and nonsensical arguments. Bottom line, There are libraries FULL of evidence based data that demonstrates that gun control works and saves lives. If it did not work then they need to provide an explanation as to why every single industrialised country in the world has gun control AND they also have tiny, tiny gun deaths. Like Japan, Singapore, Hong Kong, Taiwan, France, Germany, Britain, Canada. The list goes on and on. Have they banned guns? Absolutely not. No 

Sure. Governments tend to think that all people are naturally bad and therefore their rights should be restricted to prevent them from doing what what those who control the government believe is bad. The controlling few tend to believe that their ways are good and those not in line with their ways are bad. The problem is that the opposite has been proven true. Throughout history, the most powerful nations of the world always fall into tyranny without another force keeping them in check. At one point Great Britain was among the most powerful and proceeded to colonize half the globe. Many atrocit 

I am sorry to hear you do not believe in The US Constitution or the concept of a government of the people, by the people , and for the people, that answers to its citizens. You know, the very ideals on which this country was FOUNDED. I am sorry that you believe that nothing bad can happen, and that someone in government could seek to pervert and corrupt the powers granted them. Of course you have been proven wrong on that second point this last election. First of all stop being a coward and saying “gun control”…you are supporting gun prohibition. At least have the fortitude to say what you mean, a 

Yeah sure. For starters, gun control in a country of this population, plus with our culture, isn’t going to be effective at all. There are too many factors which make bans unenforceable. Just because I can’t buy something legally doesn’t mean I can’t buy it. I can just order one on the black market(a special browser, which is free) and have it delivered to my door. I could also order any number of parts, finished or unfinished, which could easily transform a legal gun into a gun which is banned/heavily regulated. Magazines are far too simple to regulate. They’re literally a box with a spring.  

I’ll give you four simple reasons why it is a bad idea. #1 - What gives you the right to tell me and others what we can and can’t own? You don’t have that right. We have the constitution and Bill of Rights that limit government powers. Those documents don’t grant rights like many people assume, they put limits on the rights of government. We have the 2nd amendment which prevents the government from interfering with our right to keep and bear arms. It even goes as far as saying, “the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.” What you are suggesting would require 2/3rd of  

I know this isn’t considered proper form, but this is how I see it. There are plenty of other arguments in other answers, talking about the US Constitution, and the holocaust, and any number of other tragedies where guns have saved lives. I’m going to answer your question, with a long diatribe, and a question of my own. At present time, I am sitting at my computer. I have at least 4 guns, within an arms length. I also have loaded magazines for all of them sitting on my desk. So, if someone were to break into my house right now, they would wind up staring down the barrel of any one of several di 

The reasons are simple: All gun control ultimately does is make better and easier victims out of victims and empowers/ emboldens the criminals more. Look at citiesthat already have strict gun laws or bans on the books now. Cities like New York and Chicago. These cities have some of the highest murder rates per capita than any other city. These strict gun laws or bans don’t stop criminals from getting guns and using them for criminal purposes, it just keeps the innocent people around the criminals less able to defend themselves. Even countries like he U.K. who have strict bans on firearms aren’t

A lot of answers here, nothing new if someone’s on either wing. Nothing new if they’re in the mainstream, either. This isn’t about “pro-gun” people. It’s about the Constitution. There’s no story, or historically any winning argument in that specifically. The problem is that violence is more prevalent, Guns are dangerous and too available to people who don’t understand them, or using them for illegal puposes. Those people could care less about whether guns are legally available. Again, there’s no argument or story there. Get those people off the streets and make it hurt. Trying to control how peo 

Because you seek to impose a new restriction, and deprive the rest of us of our rights; the burden of this argument is on you. We (the American public) owe no response, as we are not advocating to subjugate ourselves further. Any gun rights advocate is looking to deprive the American of their rights, so any person bringing that arguement &amp; supporting that new repression must persuade us, as to how gun control is necessary and advantageous to us. In other words, we are all living at the polar ice cap. Why should we buy your ice? The short answer is that any gun control is not only repressive - a 

Okay so let’s come back to reality and look at this issue from the beginning. First, in order to ban guns you need to repeal the 2nd Amendment. This requires a 2/3 Majority in the house and Senate and 2/3 of the states. This will not go over well. The US Supreme Court has repeatedly ruled that the Rights outlined in the Bill of Rights are God Given. They are natural rights that Government has no authority to take away. The left is okay with it as long as it is taking away someone else’s rights. Here’s my suggestion, Let’s completely take away your Right to Free Speech. Your Right to Practice Fait 

Has a young child ever come up to you alone and asked for help? How did you react, and what did you do?
I kept digging through the rubble afraid of what I would find under the remains of, what used to be this familie's makeshift home, made from garbage. Homes like these, not up to codes, because codes don't exist in the town of Waiaula, a slum town, that used to be one, of six districts populated by the descendents of ancient Hawaiians within the Waiaula district in the City and County of Honolulu, Oahu Hawaii. The little girl who led me into this half demolished “do it yourself with whatever treasure you find at the dump” was actually in somewhat better shape than most of the properties in this 

Oh god. I am a kind person. I’m obsessed with helping children. I’m especially obsessed with ending child sexual abuse. The U.S. is one of the leading producers of child “porn” in the world. I’m vexed by the unheard cries of those children. I have taken needy people into my home before and I’ll do it again. But yes. There was a time when a kid asked me for help. I wish I’d understood. I had just gotten divorced. My first husband was a nice, troubled man. In general, he was sweet. But sometimes, when he was emotionally overwrought, he slapped me. Simple as that. When I left the ex, I went to Holl 

Donavin, carlitos and the little chinese girl. She was five years old and in daycare. I first saw her outside the day care building on 26 and 9th ave in Manhattan. She was alone and crying and I asked her what was wrong. She did not answer so I looked around and heard noises from inside a building with an open door. I walked in here with the girl in tow and asked if they knew her. A lady came up looked at her and said : yes... but she can not stay here any longer because her mother has not shown up to pick her up on time twice in a row so she has to go... we are not responsible for her.! I co 

This occurred several years ago, before mobile phones were as commonplace as they are today. I would have done things differently today. I was walking in my residential neighborhood on Easter, if I remember correctly. I was just heading home when this tot between 2–3 years old just seemed to appear from nowhere in the grass verge between the pavement and the street. I rushed towards him and managed to turn him away from the road. I asked him where home was, where Mummy was, and didn't get answers, but he did turn around and start walking back towards where I'd first seen him. I was terrified to 

Two occasions although the children didn't specifically ask for help. The first time was about 25 years ago, not long after Jamie Bulger was kidnapped and killed. I was shopping in a busy mall and this little boy, aged about 7 or 8, was practically hugging the wall and sobbing. All the other adults just walked past him, either not seeing him or ignoring him. Well, I can't leave a clearly distressed child to sob on his own, so I went up to him to see if he was ok. He told me he'd gotten lost from his dad. I told him it would all be fine and took him into the nearest shop. I was a regular in this 

Funny I should see this question tonight because it just happened to me today. My two daughters had just finished their ski lessons and I was nearing the door to one of the change rooms to bring them in. Standing near my daughters outside the door was a boy a little younger than my oldest daughter, perhaps 8 years old, East Asian, like me, which is probably why he spoke to me. He told me that he couldn't find his dad and was going outside to find him. Now, this is the time when we are all finishing up and changing our kids out of their rental equipment, so things are a little chaotic. He wasn't  

Yes, and it was a frightening experience! My daughter and I were shopping for school clothes, as were thousands of other parents and their kids. He was about 5 or 6 years old; I could see that he'd been crying, but was trying to get himself under control. He said he couldn't find his Mommy, and would I help. My first thought was to put my arms around him, but I forced myself not to. I smiled, put out my hand, told him my name and asked his. He told me his name was Little Guy. I asked where he lost his Mommy; he pointed toward a large chain store and said he thought it was there. Knowing there was 

About 5 years ago, I went home for the weekend to visit my mother. She lives in a 9th floor apartment in Toronto. She was away for a couple of hours and I was prepping for my classes for the upcoming week. In the middle of an assignment, I was distracted by the sound of a crying child. At first I thought it was coming from one of my mom’s neighbours. Out of curiosity, I opened the front door and stepped into the hallway. A few meters away from our door, a little boy was crying and looking around. He was about 3–4 years old and seemed quite disoriented, not to mention scared. He tried to open the 

Brea was a 5 year old neighborhood girl that would come to our house early in the morning. Like early. Like knocking on the door at 7am. Her words, “My mom wanted to know if I could come play at your house.” Brea lived around the block from us with her part-time mom in an upstairs apartment. Her mom had five other children that had already been “unfairly taken away” from her because her ex-husband was “remarried to a lawyer”. Sometimes mom would walk to our house in the evenings with shaking hands and a coffee mug in her hand. Sometimes the mug smelled of alcohol. On occasion we would sit on t 

I’ve had a few. The most recent one was too young to ask for help. It was about 2:30am and I was at a service station on a motorway, miles from anywhere. I had stopped for fuel and whilst filling up another car that was on the forecourt pulled off. As they did so I nonchalantly glanced up, in a world of my own whilst pumping fuel and noticed a small child, naked and covered in faeces standing in the dark on the edge of the forecourt over beyond where the car had been. He didn’t seem at all bothered or distressed and was quite happily just wandering about picking at the grass and stuff. I looked  

How would you entertain a really bored person?
What is the best case of “You just picked a fight with the wrong person” that you've witnessed?
What frustrates you the most?
Feminists calling every person who supports men’s rights a misogynist. “You misogynist, chauvinistic pig!” How many men must have heard this? It is a common sentence that gets thrown at men a lot of times whenever they try to discuss the issues they face. Apparently, the term isn’t just reserved for men. There is a rising trend on Quora where ANY person who speaks up in support of men’s rights or decides to disagree with feminism is called a misogynist. I only realized this trend when I voiced my support towards men’s issues. For all the butthurt feminists of Quora, here is the definition of misog 

The mindset of men towards women in the Islamic Arab countries. I am not to write anonymously about this. And although I am completely aware that this answer may result in many troubles for me, but here I am, an example of an Arab ex-Muslim twenty-year-old girl whose trying to clarify, to some extent, what is happening to women in this part of the world. To be fair, I must note that, of course, every rule has its own exceptions, but I am going to point out to what's common in where I live through what I've seen and heard from incidents and struggles of many Arab women. Within the walls of their  

A week ago, I went to a photo studio to have a headshot taken. It was a little crowded so I had to sit and wait for my turn. A teenage girl came in wearing the traditional shalvar kameez along with a hijab. She looked like she was around 14 and she came with her father who was wearing the traditional dress as well. I suppose they had a reservation because their turn came first. The photographer told the girl to settle down while he set his camera. The girl took off her hijab and let down her hair. She was combing her hair when her father came storming in and told her to cover her head. The girl 

The fact people are willing to become ignorant and cruel just to defend an ideology. I think, contrary to many opinions, most people are actually good. At least, they stick to their morals. I saw this story about a girl getting raped in Pakistan as a pre-accorded revenge, in which her own family agreed. The girl could have ran away, yet she stayed. Her family could have said no, but for some reason, they didn't. Most of the individuals involved probably share a mindset, a sick mindset, but that doesn't mean they don't have the capacity to love or to feel. Still, what they did was horrible and d 

I get annoyed over little things although I hide my emotions well… When I greet someone with 'salaam alikum' and they don't reply back the proper way. Yes it happens. I meet some Muslims here in the UK and they don't even reply back the right way (wa alaykum salaam) and even if they do they usually think it is funny. I get so frustrated and angry about this but I keep quiet. Stop being embarrassed. I say it because usually I feel down and saying it and hearing a reply makes me feel better.Fake friendliness. One of the things I hate the most. I'd rather be mistreated than have people pretending 

Women claiming they want equality. It frustrates me to no end.  Instead of going on yet another diatribe, I’ll give a short explanation as to why this is definitely not what women should be asking for: Women can get pregnant, and when they do, they need time off to focus on their labour, and also time to recover from the pregnancy. They (and the child) also need the support of a man at that time. In most countries, men are not recognized for that role and don’t get time off, or at max about 2 weeks off. You really want us to start treating women the way we treat men?Although possible, due to phys

I'm writing anonymous due to the fact my mother is a frequent reader of quora. Colorful language ahead. I am currently 17 years old and living one of the dullest lives possible of an average teenager my age. I'm by no means a trouble maker at home nor am I at school. I'm a junior in highschool and my grades are pretty average aside from algebra because… its math. You may be wondering well what frustrates you? Its the fact that I can't enjoy the teenage life. You know this consist of the small things like going to the movies or maybe going to the mall with your friends. Or maybe even walking to t 

“Not all men.”  Sarah Everard, a 33 year-old woman went missing while walking home in South London. She was found dead on March 12, just a few days later. A police officer has been charged with her murder. Sarah wore bright clothing. She called her boyfriend. She wore sensible shoes. She walked under well-lit streets. Covered every inch of skin. She did everything right.  And it still didn’t save her. The level of victim blaming around Sarah Everard is disgusting. People don’t get attacked because of what they wore, what they did, who they talked to or if they walked home alone. People get attacked be 

One of the things that frustrates me is the constant assertion that children who aren't smacked are not disciplined. Proponents of corporal punishment are under the illusion that all those of us who choose not to hit our children instead let them run wild, unchecked. They couldn't be more wrong. Yes there are some parents who either through laziness or ignorance don't discipline their offspring. Some even make a conscious decision to not instill any discipline at all. Ever. The “n” word (no) is a no-no. They think the child must learn to negotiate life through their own trials and errors. No rul 

Hypocrites. I literally am sick of people having double standards. Let's have a look at this tweet for once  He shared something he liked. He didn't create this meme. Anyways I don't support him sharing this meme. This may in one way or the other hurt Aishwayra Rai's sentiments. After the tweet, Aishwarya didn't care to reply or report this tweet but how could we people tolerate this. So, the shamming started. One after the other everyone started to show how much they care for ladies. People started to teach Vivek about the rights of a women. About how a woman can have as many relationships as she wis 

What is the sneakiest thing you did to get back at an awful neighbor? Did you get caught?
Alright, darn it. Another check-mark on my “Hell Application”. I expect this will earn some deserved Quora-hate. Here we go. Years ago I camped with a girlfriend on Hermit Island, Maine. Beautiful place; well preserved nature on a rugged coastal island. Well spaced camp sites among the stunted coastal forest, quiet, water teeming with sea life. Family run and family friendly. Splendid, charming place. You drive there across a tidal flat as long as the tide isn’t high. We loved it so much, we kept extending our stay for new nights. Well, Hermit Island is popular and booked well in advance. This mea 

“What is the sneakiest thing you did to get back at an awful neighbor? Did you get caught?” It was when I was in university and the awful neighbours were the guys on the floor above ours in residence. The guys on the third floor had been a problem for the whole first semester, frequently coming down randomly to the second floor with buckets and throwing water all over the second floor, getting our beds, clothes and of course books and notes wet, then running upstairs and locking their door to us before we could react. This had happened every few weeks for months and we were getting sick of it. Bu 

This happened back in 1992- when I was 9-years-old and about to go to the fourth grade. I remember it being the last week of my summer vacation- as school would be starting the following Wednesday. That even was on the day my parents took me to meet my new teachers- as I would be having a man (for the first time ever) for math, science and social studies. The other teacher was an old woman I would have for language arts- spelling, reading and English. I heard she died just a few years ago after it happened. This family who had two sons that were "real troublemakers" lived just down the street f 

Not my proudest moment…. But in my 20’s: There were five or six guys, foreign Univ. students, living below me in a condo complex. They took all the parking including mine with new Porches, Lambos, etc. These cars would last maybe two weeks. First you’d see a dent, then a bigger dent, then the car would disappear and be replaced by another new one in a different color. I didn’t really care, but they hung out on the stairs every day and would not let me pass to get to and from my vehicle. They’d pinch my arms and grab at me, saying stuff I can only assume wasn’t nice. The landlord didn’t care, he  

I purchased a house in Hot Springs, AR in 2010. When my wife and I went to look at the house a man from the house next door came over to chat. He said that he’d seen us on his security camera and, since he knew the house that we were at was vacant, he just wanted to make sure that everything was okay. We explained that we were meeting the realtor to look at the house and he began telling us about the area. The realtor pulled up as we were talking and the guy returned to his house. The realtor didn’t seem to like the guy but we didn’t think anything of it even though it wound up being a red fla 

I have to admit there are two occasions. First one was after I moved to a new town in the UK and was living in a decent enough suburb of a large town in West Sussex. At the time I owned a VW Passat estate (station wagon) it was a pewter or metallic grey color. Very nice car. One morning I come out to find it had been scratched from one end to the other, in some places down to the metal, I was livid. A neighbor saw me examining the damage and told me it was done by the two kids who lived at the end of the close, their mother couldn’t bear anyone having a better car than them, they owned a ten yea 

I’m not a vengeful person so I’ve never done anything to retaliate against even my worst neighbor (who was a drug dealer, wife beater, &amp; attempted murderer), but I did get some sense of schadenfreude from karmic retribution. He had a major heart attack &amp; they had to cut him wide open leaving a huge scar. He also developed Parkinson’s and has been too unwell to come around and steal from me anymore. I also made sure the police knew his correct address (he kept fraudulently listing mine so they would come around harassing me &amp; trying to intimidate me thinking he was hiding in my house). I also go 

What is the sneakiest thing you did to get back at an awful neighbor? Did you get caught? Two stories. Neither of which involved me, and both of which may be considered only peripherally connected to the question. But here goes anyway: A company (that I will not name) occupied one or more sections in a long, continuous building made up of a large number of identical sections. They had a meeting room on the first floor (second floor for Americans), immediately below the roof void/loft. A planning meeting was taking place when the site engineer/maintenance man came into the room and whispered to the 

When I was young I had a lawnmowing business that required me to have equipment and fuel ready to go in a trailer parked around to the side of our house. As gas prices started to skyrocket during the 1970’s energy crisis, several times I got to my job sites, unloaded my equipment and prepared to fuel them with the gasoline in my cans only to find… nothing: they’d been emptied while on my trailer. After several frustrating repeats of this, I mentioned it to my father who had been a B-17 mechanic and flight engineer during WWII. He mulled it over, grinned slightly and said, “I’ll handle it.” He m 

A story about my dad. When I was 10, we lived in a house with a backyard that was separated from the neighbour’s yard by a four foot high wire mesh fence. All our bedroom windows faced the backyard. Our neighbour (I’ll call him Dick because that’s what he was and that was his real name - so perfect) had a large circular stone pond in his yard, built above ground with a diameter of about 10 feet and about four feet high or so. It was filled with aquatic plants and bullfrogs. Oh, Dick loved his bullfrogs. “They make such sweet music,” he said. No one else agreed - our bedroom windows all faced the  

What trivial knowledge might save your life one day?
Some thoughts: Leave a note detailing where you are going at your home or in your motel/hotel room if you are planning a day hike.Also, leave a similar note in your vehicle when you get to your destination. And make certain that you stick to the area where you stated that you would be.Pay attention to the local weather reports. Any chance of rain above 30% should be assumed as being rain. When/if you are hiking and it begins to rain, head back to your vehicle immediately. Do NOT assume that it is "going to stop soon."Always buy a map of the area where you'll be hiking. Even if you think that yo

These might come in handy (but I hope not)… If a head on collision is inevitable always swerve right. (In countries that drive on the right side of the road) Even if that’s means you will still crash anything is better than head on.In case of a deep wound with lots of bleeding try direct pressure first, but if that’s not doing anything any nontoxic powder will help. Flour, cornstarch, banning soda.. a tourniquet should be you last resort.Most snakebites are dry bites, and the bigger the snake the better chance of it being dry (no venom) so try to stay calm. The last thing you need is your heart

If you find yourself in an active shooter situation, and you are armed, DO NOT draw your weapon unless absolutely necessary. You might be mistakenly shot, or mistakenly shoot another armed and concerned citizen. Let the police do their job, just escape.If you are pulled over at night, immediately turn on your dome lights and keep both hands on your steering wheel until the police approach you. You might be amazed how much stress you take away from an armed police officer in a stressful situation when you do this. STAY OFF YOUR PHONE!If you are in a foreign country, always know where, and how t

Due to the military occupation I chose, I have spent a considerable amount of time training in extreme outdoor cold temperature environments. Operating in outdoor temperatures of -20 Celsius for days at a time was pretty normal, but I have also encountered more extreme environments where it was down to -45 Celsius. A lot of these things I'm going to mention might sound like common sense but they're really not... until you experience hypothermia first hand... twice... like me. Not fun. Then it becomes common sense pretty quickly. These are some of my personal lessons, first classroom taught (when 

These points can save your life- Know the signs that can help you recognize a venomous snake  It’s best to keep away from snakes, but you’d nevertheless do well to know the signs that indicate whether you’ve been confronted with a venomous member of the species or not: The abdominal side of the tail is covered with non-bifurcated scales.Its pupils are similar to those of a cat (non-dangerous snakes have round pupils).The divide between the head and the neck is very distinct if viewed from above.Of course, there are exceptions to every rule, and only an expert can really confirm whether a snake is  

If your car gets broken/crashed somewhere unsafe/ out of town DO NOT LEAVE YOUR VEHICLE TO GET HELP.Unlike what you might think, there is high chance for you to get lost, instead of finding someone or somewhere safe. Call emergency numbers and stay near your vehicle. spend the night inside the vehicle. That keeps you away from animals.Downhill leads to water; Again, I suggest not getting far from where you are at first place. Not even for water. But if you are next to a hill already, walk downhill. You have better chance to find water. use your car plate or something similar to dig the groun

The story of the woman who countered extremism with her own extreme measures Hassana was only 12 when her mom gently pushed her into a deep ditch in the backyard one morning in August 2014. The push was not to kill her, but instead to save her from being becoming a child bride to the Boko Haram foot soldiers who had just invaded their hometown of Madagali in the northeastern Nigerian state of Adamawa. Since 2009 when the death of its founder Mohammed Yusuf triggered the insurgency, hundreds of women and girls have been abducted, sexually violated or killed outright even as the sect continues to w 

Everyone should know these basic survival tips. Even if you are not into hiking or backpacking, there are many scenarios in which this information could save your life. Earthquakes, plane crashes, cars breaking down in the middle of nowhere, and other unavoidable disasters happen all the time, here's how you can exponentially increase your chance of surviving.      Cover Your Head  Your body will waste a lot of energy trying to keep your body cool in the heat and warm in the cold. Keep it covered with a hat or wrap some clothing around it.              Find Cover  Get your body out of the sun by 

Some tips and knowledge that would save your life some day in difficult situation : If the driver of the taxi that you've just hailed is behaving suspiciously, you can remember this little trick. Make a call to your partner or pretend to call someone, it really doesn't matter. In the course of the conversation, give details of your taxi (type, colour, and even number) and the road that you'll be taking for your commute loud enough for the driver to hear. He doesn't know the purpose of the call, but he knows that the taxi is now identifiable to your contact. Chances are he won't pull off any stu

I don't want you to get into any of the below mentioned troubles, but for the worst, if you did, you should know this. Your brain can't handle walking and using your phone at the same time — so look up. Walking and using your phone both demand large amounts of cognitive effort. As a result, you can't fully focus on both at the same time in the same way you can with walking and gum-chewing, for instance. You don't want to end up in an underground sewer, do you? If cooking oil catches fire, turn off the burner and cover the pot. People should never use water to put out grease fires. The water molecule 

What is the stingiest thing that you have seen a family member do?
I have a few here: My late ex in-laws had always struggled with money, although they both worked unbelievably hard. My father in law had suffered with polio as a young man and lived with terrible pain all of his life. He always worked through it all until they retired. Just being left with the UK state pension, life got even harder for them. My ex husband bought them an old caravan, which they lovingly did up and it became their pride and joy. Their first holiday with it was only about 20 miles away from their home, but they were really excited to be getting away even though they had no spendin 

My father lived with me for 5 years rent free. Never even mentioned money after his then wife turned 62 cashed in on his social security, and left his ass. She won’t divorce him. Anyways we had a small liquor store. The liquor store was doing ok but not great, Obama took office, my construction career tanked and the liquor store kept us going till it didn’t in 2011. We had a baby in 2011 and we sold the store, we didn’t lose any money but we didn’t have a way to turn that money over, anyhow I started selling the pills I received from my doctor to help with the bills. Eventually that was a bust 

I have a cousin that is notoriously cheap that it has become a running joke in our family. Once she came to to stay with my family for two weeks where we cooked, took her out for meals, drove her to locations she wanted to see and catered to her. She knew I wanted a wine rack as I had been shopping for one with her a few days prior. I worked this day and came home and she had bought me one. How thoughtful! I was unsure though if it was a gift or not so I asked her what I owed her. She told me $80!! Okay, more than I wanted to spend for something I didn’t pick out but I paid her because luckily  

My husband’s aunt not telling the rest of my husband’s family that my husband’s father’s parents (my husbands grandparents) had passed away, so she could gather all of the money before anyone else knew they had passed and started the legal processes.EDIT: I wanted to add another that I think is just as bad since I’m not sure how to make a 2nd separate comment on a post yet (if that’s possible at all lol) So here’s the 2nd stingiest thing I’ve seen someone do: 2. Another woman, a friend of my grandmother, (in her 50s if that matters) is/was so bad off on drugs and was living with her very elderl 

Early in my marriage, my husband told me that he’d be set for life because his parents were very well off (when his father dies, he’ll inherit close to a million dollars, as will his brother and sister). He’s a CPA who does his dad’s taxes and handles financial matters for him, and I’ve seen some of the paperwork, so I know that this is true. Both of his parents were Depression-era babies, as were mine. The big difference between the two sets of parents is that my parents decided early on that they would rather help out my brother and me while they were still alive so that they could see the di 

My mother always behaved like she was entitled to the best of everything, and thought the bare minimum was good enough as far as other people. She insisted on holding her husband’s paycheck as well as her own, deciding how the money would be used before he even had access to it. She’d say she was depositing both paychecks into the bank account, but actually she cashed them and spent the money as she pleased, then hid some in her purse for later, depositing whatever was left (if anything) when she was finished. I know that because she often took me with her. Bills often didn’t get paid, and when  

My ex-husband’s grandmother was a millionaire but she was the cheapest person I’ve ever met. As an example, one year, we went to her house for Christmas and were exchanging gifts. At the time, I was supporting my whole family because my ex was a deadbeat and we were just making ends meet. Despite this, I bought grandma nice gifts (around $100 for them), mainly because she was getting up there in age and I wanted to make sure she had a nice holiday. When it came time to give me a gift, she went into a back room and emerged with an unwrapped shoebox. When I opened it, there was a used extension  

I have a cousin that is notoriously cheap that it has become a running joke in our family. Once she came to to stay with my family for two weeks where we cooked, took her out for meals, drove her to locations she wanted to see and catered to her. She knew I wanted a wine rack as I had been shopping for one with her a few days prior. I worked this day and came home and she had bought me one. How thoughtful! I was unsure though if it was a gift or not so I asked her what I owed her. She told me $80!! Okay, more than I wanted to spend for something I didn’t pick out but I paid her because luckily  

I’m from a family with 8 children with a tradition of getting together monthly at each other’s homes to share a meal and socialize. Once we all had significant others it was normal to have about 16 adults plus children attending. The person hosting would provide the place, the dinnerware and beverages and everyone would bring a dish to share. It was always a feast with most of us bringing at least one if not more items. My oldest sister, although she was always one to parade her success making sure we knew she was well traveled, had important friends and luxury items, was always the cheapest. H 

After my mother had back surgery, she had to walk 2 miles a day. Of course, she lives in the country and the weather doesn't always behave in Oklahoma. My aunt Kathy, her sister in law, had a treadmill that she hadn't used, but for a catch all, in so long, the dust was thick, and there were cobwebs. My uncle Jimmy, mother's little brother, knew she needed a treadmill and was going to sell it to mother, at a MUCH discounted price than if mother had to get a new one. Uncle Jimmy knew aunt Kathy hadn't used it in years, and thought she would be glad to be rid of it, get it out of the way. Oh no,  

Who is a person no one knows but saved many lives?
I’m being sued for 1M dollars. 2 years ago I changed lanes without checking which resulted in a driver breaking his leg. Geico will only pay $25k. I’m 22, in school, no assets, and do Postmates for work. What do I do?
Some points: Your policy may only cover $25k in liability to the other party, but your policy also requires the insurance company to pay for a lawyer to defend you. Notify the insurance company immediately of the lawsuit. Clock is ticking on responding to the suit.A million dollars for a broken leg seems excessive. Your lawyer, once the insurance company hires one for you, will cut that down to a more reasonable amount, either through negotiation or trial.It seems stupid for the guy to sue someone with no money, but here is what is really going on. Busted leg guy probably carried a much higher 

Its been 2 years since this accident…and now he's suing…this entire scenerio is suspect. So you were 20 years old when this happened. Your accident didnt cause a pileup did it? The accident didnt cause other property damage? Your accident didnt cause the victim more than a broken leg, such a broken hip or back?!?!?!? A broken leg can happen in a vehicle accident, and your insurance company, if fault was yours 2 years ago paid his claim…i.e. hospital bills, lost wages, etc. Most people get lawyers if the person at faults insurance company refuses to pay or settle for more than the policy limit.  

In my opinion, you are dealing with a not smart lawyer. You don’t sue for money when somebody doesn’t have money. The alternative to that is the driver has money to pay the lawyer. I would suggest doing everything you can to drag it out as long as you can.. You aren’t loaded, so the odds of the lawyer working on a commission basis is slim to none, so somebody is paying him.. Keep him busy with BS until the person paying him runs out of money. Civil suits aren’t a fast thing to begin with, but you can drag them out for almost ever. I wouldn’t go buy a house or a new car right now. If it was me, I w 

The old saying is, “you can't get blood from a turnip.” Geico will have to pay the cost of your defense, and without any assets you really have little to worry about, except: A civil judgement will affect your credit score and is typically actionable for a minimum of ten years. Actionable means they have legal grounds to pursue collection efforts against you, which in your case would most likely being a garnishment order against your wages. Understand, the law only allows garnishments for a minor percentage of your wages, typically 25% or less. In rare instances a garnishment can be more, but  

“I’m being sued for 1M dollars. 2 years ago I changed lanes without checking which resulted in a driver breaking his leg. Geico will only pay $25k. I’m 22, in school, no assets, and do Postmates for work. What do I do?” I can’t give you legal advice, but I can offer suggestions applicable to anyone in your position. Your car insurance coverage almost certainly provides you with an attorney to represent you in a lawsuit. Immediately let your insurer know of the lawsuit if you haven’t already done so. The insurer will assign counsel who will file an answer on your behalf. If you wait, the deadline  

Geico SHOULD be providing you with a lawyer, even if they will only cover $25,000. You are what lawyers call “Judgement Proof.” It doesn’t matter if you lose the case and they are awarded $1,000,000. You have no viable way to come up with $975,000. You hire a bankruptcy attorney and file for Bankruptcy. They award will be expunged with minimal payment. It is important that you hire a GOOD bankruptcy attorney. There are many forms of Bankruptcy, and picking the right one is important. There is one that you pay the lawyer at the start of the Bankruptcy, and you should be able to keep most of your 

I agree with those who have said, immediately provide a copy of the suit and all associated paperwork to the insurance company. Where I disagree with the answers and comments is regard to the cost of the broken leg. We don’t know how badly broken the leg was. Was it a simple break which doesn’t require more than a cast be applied. That alone can cost $2500. If you have an uncomplicated break requiring surgery it can be up to $20,000. A complicated break can cost $30,000 or more. These don’t include additional costs like PT which may be required. A really bad broken leg, like what Tiger Woods su 

John Josephs gave the perfect answer. Work together with your insurance adjuster and/or the lawyer they assign to defend you. They are obligated to protect you, under your insurance contract. They should not pay the $25k without the other party providing a ‘release of all claims’, releasing you from liability, in exchange for the payment. There is another avenue that they may pursue if the injured party actually keeps a higher liability limit than you did. They may be able to go back to their own insurance policy for an “underinsured motorist” claim. As stated previously, you can’t get blood o 

I’m being sued for 1M dollars. 2 years ago I changed lanes without checking which resulted in a driver breaking his leg. Geico will only pay $25k. I’m 22, in school, no assets, and do Postmates for work. What do I do? Nothing! Relax! From your question at the time of the accident, you were insured by Geico. It is not your problem. Geico has offered some amount which is probably less than the maximum of your liability insurance for a broken leg. If the plaintiff declines then Geico is responsible for the legal defense. Did no one explain this to you? It will drag on for years if the plaintiff doesn' 

When you say that Gecko will only pay out 25k to the injured party, Im assuming you have only 25k for bodily injury liability insurance. Not to worry.. Geiko is on the hook to act as your fiduciary and to provide you with the most defense possible with the amount of insurance you have. For one, they will NOT pay out the $25,000 policy limits to the other party without getting a signed release assuring that they will not go after you for additional monies. If the injured party decides not to settle for the $25k, they have the option to not accept the $25k and take you to court which will most l 

What is the appeal of idol life that makes so many want to sacrifice their childhood to audition?
What is the best case of “You just picked a fight with the wrong person” that you've witnessed?
How do I be less scared of women? I always freak out they'll probably hurt me and it's hard to be anywhere near them without a man being near. How do I stop?
What is the pettiest way you have achieved revenge?
Can people change? Can a woman decide to be a housewife?
How can I become stronger?
Work out (exercise). If your main goal is to get ripped then definitely be more focused on strength-building / strength-training exercises, but also save some time for cardio if you’re willing to but don’t overdo it. If you’re a beginner when it comes to regular exercise, it might be wise to consider starting out with light work out training and then gradually building the weights up the more you get in a groove in your exercise routine. Don’t try to be some ultra-powerful bodybuilder right off the bat. It’s probably most important though to first start out by developing a solid workout routine t 

Life is 10 percent what happens to you and 90 percent how you respond to it.” -Charles Swindoll One day, everything seems great in your world—maybe not perfect, but overall things are going to plan. And then something happens.You lose your job, or someone you love, or your home, or maybe even your health.It isn’t fair. You don’t deserve it. You didn’t see it coming. You didn’t plan for it. You have so many feelings and frustrations you don’t know what to do first—or if you want to do anything at all.It would be easier to sit around feeling bad, looking for people to blame and complain to. R 

Bodyweight training  Bodyweight training is a strength training method that allows its practitioners to train and gain muscle without using any weight training equipment. The famous Lafay method as well as Street Workout, which is all the rage on social networks, are a logical and applied continuation of this training principle. The athletes do weight lifting exercises on street furniture (barriers, escalators, traffic signs), and even do competitions where the participants perform amazing figures… in the street, the subway or in the woods. Yes, bodyweight training is a great way to build muscle 

Lift heavy stuff until you can lift more heavier objects. Brisk walking / jogging/ regular cardiovascular training and treadmill is essential to burn those extra flats and create more muscle mass. Always prefer the stairs over a elevator. Use a bicycle or walk instead for grocery purchase or a random trip to the market. Just aim to surpass your own limits. The above things contribute to physical strength and prowess, if you want to sharpen your mental health and enhance it, try calming down, don't overthink, but think vividly about stuff that matter to you, set goals and objectives and plan a men 

As human beings we all want to get better at everything. You probably want more money, more success, etc. The good news is that increasing physical strength is actually pretty simple if you are willing to put the work in. Ok here goes, let’s get to it. Evaluation And Testing  First before you can make any progress, you have to know where you currently are. If you don’t know where you are you will not be able to figure out where you need to go. There are 4 main lifts you need to master and practice if you want to gain as much physical strength as you possibly can. They are squats, deadlifts, bench pr 

10 Ways To Grow Stronger In 31 Days 1. Use Free Weights And Compound Movements: To be strong and huge, your workouts must rely on a Greek god's exercises: squat, bench press, deadlift, military press, rows, power cleans, and other variations of these movements. They recruit the largest amount of muscle mass.Free weights require you to stabilize the load and allow weights to be moved exactly as the body is designed to move them. Since the trainee is controlling every aspect of the movement, every aspect of it is being trained. 2. Learn Perfect Technique: This separates the men from the boys. The se 

Depends on which strengths are you talking about but i am guessing it to be physical and mental so here is my advice Physical Strength Exercise, now this can include running, weight lifting, playing physical games etc. In this pandemic most of the gym were closed, so alot of YouTube videos on home exercises are available, I always prefer home workout instead of going to gym (personal opinion). I feel daily 1 hour of physical exercise is important at start you might feel a bit lazy or maybe a lil tired but when your body gets used to it, it is the best thing. Mental Strength Now there are alot of t 

Take stand for yourself and be clear to you mind and GoalDon't judge in terms of good and badDo things first which fears you most( speaking on stage, speaking in English, public performance, any subject maths ,English, chemistry)Don't attach to peopleLower your Ego problemGive yourself time for mind breathingExpect minimum from people other than you(even if parents) think like that ….there is no one in this world who can do that much for you in life ..how much they sacrifice for you..so if you are serious - don't take anything from them and think that this is enough and from nowonwards i don't

Here is an answer from Weightlifting corner. One of the best kept secrets methods to build absolute raw strength, and power is a combination of many barbell movements and some assistant exercises, primarily employing the deadlift variations, the barbells squat variants, the overhead pressing and for strength and power development combined, the competition style and options of barbell snatches and clean and jerk movements. In the deadlift department, I would include the Sumo, the Conventional, the Romanian, the Jefferson deadlifts, I would also often pull dead weights from the rack, the deficit a 

 The easiest way to get into the Strength training game is the Stronglifts 5×5 method. It’s legit, simple and it works. Hell, there’s even a Reddit thread dedicated to it if you have questions.  How to Do it: The program is broken up into two workouts (A and B). Do three workouts a week and never workout two days in a row or do two workouts in one day. Workout A is Squat, Bench Press, and Barbell Row Workout B is Squat, Overhead Press and Deadlift  Each workout up the weight by 5 pounds or 10 pounds for deadlifts. Repeat for 12 weeks. Easy peasy. If you’re just starting out, I’d start with 5×5. If you’ve  

Who brought joy into your life today?
Is it bad to live a life of retaliation? I'm the kind of person to push back if I get pushed first. Is this a good mindset to have?
Why do people move away from where they were born?
Why is choosing simple traffic worth it?
How does one discover their true self?
Our self identity is made up of 3 things: 1.) How we see ourselves. 2.) How other sees us. 3.) Who we really are. Most people are heavily concentrated on the first two. But if you really want to know yourself, concentrate on number 3. How do you find who you really are? By basing your knowledge on the facts and not on your opinion and bias. People are very good at fooling themselves in denying who they are. They fool themselves into believing that they’re all kinds of things that they’re not. And they’re very good at fooling themselves into believing that they’re not all kinds of things when they a 

People everywhere want to become their true selves, but have no idea where to start.  They feel overwhelmed, overworked, and exhausted from living in the modern world. After spending all day in a mind-numbing and enthusiastic void at work, they come home only to sit, idling while they occupy their minds with thoughts about House of Cards and Donald Trump.  Most people have no idea how to become their true selves, because they’re stuck in society, brainwashed by the technology that simultaneously liberates and imprisons their minds—Steve Jobs only spoke to the public about the positive possibilit 

I like the phrasing of the question: “become authentic self” is, I think, a meaningful idea. I mention that because often the topic is presented in terms of “finding your true self”, which I think is confused… for reasons explained below. To “become yourself” sounds sort of circular, right? Aren’t you already yourself? How can you become what you already are? It’s confusing. A lot of the confusion comes from simple ambiguity about the word “self”. Lacking a really solid definition, we thrash around with ideas about finding ourselves or becoming ourselves, but it’s hard to say what we’re seeking  

We tend to have fixed ideas due to this very material world we live in. Thus, when we look inside with a question like 'who am I?’ we have to be cautious not to project this habit of fixed ideas on the 'I'. Why, because we're organisms, our body is breathing and moving and so is the inner being; just look at your thoughts, they're in a state of seemingless eternal movement. We live in the West and especially here we're infected with this idea of Descartes 'I think, therefore I am'. But if you look at it (looking, not thinking about it) then you'll see that our thinking is an important function  

That’s nearly an impossible question to answer. I still haven’t figured myself out. Don’t get hung up on thinking there’s one answer. You’re a complex human being capable of finding pleasure and purpose in many possible lives. It’s no different than finding a partner. There are no soul mates. There are people with whom you can make a good life and people with whom you can’t. (Hint: It’s mostly a matter of character, theirs and yours.) Likewise, your good life offers many paths. Should you get to know yourself? Why not. There’s value in knowing what you like and dislike, but don’t waste your time 

ONE WORD: UNDERTANDING![1] Yes, I am talking about the fact that YOU ARE INFINITE!!  You are the one that is the very source of this Universe and not merely the mortal bodies you think you are! All the living bodies there are, we humans and other animals, the flora and fauna, on this planet and any other planet; the material that they are all made up of; that’s the real YOU! This material is immortal, undying, unending, eternal, perpetual, deathless, ever-lasting, indestructible, imperishable, inextinguishable, constant, permanent, timeless, ageless and 112 more synonyms you can think of. The point to 

Realistically, it's unlikely in my opinion. We're all so very complex and so very deceived by our abundance of cognitive biases that to have actual, and full, knowledge of the self is a far stretch. My rocky road has pushed me to dig deep into my psychology, I've had so many ups and downs, devastating mental illness in the family and lived in over 50 countries -- I've needed self identity checks along the way.  Sure we can know our tendencies, our tastes, our beliefs and morals. We can know all our stances and how we might likely react to things. But many of these things could just be biased est 

This seems to be a constant theme I have heard over the years, though the way it is presented has changed a bit. How does one find, themselves? In other cultures, there was a way to help young people transition to adulthood by going through some kind of ‘Coming of age ceremony.’ American culture has seemingly lost most of that, other than the age related rituals to drive and drink. Jewish culture has managed to hang on to bat and bar mitzvahs and Hispanic culture still has remnants of Quinceañeras along with the Catholics confirmation but for the most part, it is gone. So how does one become an 

You need to learn the skill of impartial self observation, then you will see yourself not as others see you but as you actually are, moment to moment, day to day. No one is born with this skill, it has to be learned and it cannot be learned via words alone so all the books and lectures can do is to spark some curiosity, a bit of encouragement like a pep talk, but the skill can only be learned by example of someone who knows how. They are very rare these days so good luck finding a teacher. Impartial self observation means paying careful attention to what it feels like to be alive, which means p 

In a world of lies, where everyone is acclimated to the lies like a constant background noise that is eventually not even noticed anymore—only more lies can be represented in familiar instantly-digestible sound bites. If you depend on sound bites, and ignore substantial material, you are doomed to remain stuck in lies. This answer is lengthy because beginning to overcome acclimated lies cannot be accomplished in a sound bite. How Did You Find Your Truth? There is no such thing as “my truth” or “your truth”. If the possessive qualifier is necessary, then it isn’t truth. If it is truth, then the p 

What do teachers think about student couples?
Short answer: I don’t really pay them any attention unless they disrupt instruction. Long answer: Middle school students suffer from debilitating tunnel vision. Everything in their lives is of the utmost importance, and no one else can understand how they’re feeling. No one has experienced the pain and loss and joy and excitement that they have. No one knows how difficult life is for them. Especially teachers. When it comes to dating, student relationships take center stage like a mid-’90s Mariah Carey—overly dramatic, all-consuming, and demanding of everyone’s attention. When the relationship in 

I go to a high school in AUS and I have been with my boyfriend, T, for a year now. We were in year 10 (ages 15–16) when we started dating and now we’re year 11’s (ages 16–17). In our experience, we’ve found all teachers to be sweet, accommodating and kind. Here are some of our encounters with teachers: *I must note that I am quite a good student, not necessarily with the best grades but I respect the teachers, try my best, show up on time with the right materials etc and have a good relationship with majority of teachers* ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ At our year 10 formal when T and I had been d 

I’m a high school teacher. The school I teach at tends to have students with a wide range of economic backgrounds as the actual neighborhood of the school is middle/upper class but it’s near a lower class neighborhood, where many of our students live. At one point we had a student, who I’ll call Sean, who was a genius. I’m writing anonymously because Sean is well known in my town and many, if not most, of my colleagues/neighbors would know to whom I’m referring even with his name changed. Sean had the trajectory common to many extremely gifted kids. Pushed ahead in school, working with tutors be 

I remember when I started dating in my sophomore year of high school, second semester! Most of my teachers didn’t really notice, but two in particular did because we both had a class with them- Spanish and Zoology. And they were both super understanding and would even joke with us a lot of the time. We ended up getting together because we would often pair up for group projects or help each other with classwork in both of these classes, or talk to one another when we had a little free time before or near the end of class. Once we actually started dating we tended to hold hands sometimes or sit cl 

I haven’t taught in the public schools, but I have spent years as a Sunday School teacher and youth pastor in a large charismatic church. The high school group had anywhere from 60 to 100 kids at any given time. And the dirty little secret to being a youth pastor is this: watch out for the church kids! By “church kids” I mean the sons and daughters of the pastors and staff, the kids who grew up in that church, know where all the bodies are buried, and have a little bit of an attitude. These are the kids who will get you fired if you do anything they don’t like. I know. It happened to a couple  

I'm not a teacher. I'm a student, but there was this one occasion where our Economy teacher mentioned something about this. As usual, our Economy teacher likes to tell stories during his class, just to make everyone less sleepy (since it's noon after lunch and his stories are quite funny and adventurous sometimes). One day he make comments about a high school couple (two/a year above us I think) who were caught being together. He said that he didn't approve of the relationship, seeing that the two are constantly together everywhere, as if they are inseparable. He told us that he understands our 

I have only had a couple couples (hah!). Actually, 3 sets. All were on the younger end of the spectrum compared to the average age of my students. I appreciated that I didn’t even know there was an intimate relationship between any of them for quite some time. The only instance in which it caused some friction was in the very youngest couple. (19–20 years old.) They occasionally would get into arguments and one would not attend class. I only knew this because the other students would comment about it in class to the present half of the equation, loudly. So I overheard. I imagine that there was a 

When I taught High School, I always took couples with a grain of salt. In other words I am like many of the responses here in that I thought it was cute, but probably would not last. That is because once you have taught a while you have seen many such “relationships” break up and some last as short as a few days. The only time they concerned me is if they became disruptive to the educational process. Most of the time this happened through PDA. Standing in the hallway during passing period it was not uncommon to see such couples engaged in inappropriate kissing and groping. I would respond to t 

Years ago I had a female student in Grade 7 who suffered from occasional petit-mal seizures. She was a quiet and shy person and she sat at the back of the room so as not to attract attention. Her seizures came perhaps once a week, were brief , and often she would regurgitate a bit of fluid after. She would have no recall of the seizure or the last ten or twenty minutes preceding it. While her classmates were understanding of her condition and sympathetic they also kept their distance. Except one boy. He would move over and sit with her when a seizure began and speak quietly to her as she slowly 

If the students concerned do not let it interfere with their education, sometimes I am the last person to realise that Kaylah and Jacob have been going out ‘like forever’. It can take me six months to notice. Sometimes I find out when they break up, lol. If they let it interfere with their education, by becoming disruptive in class, then I deal with it as a disruption. It really is irrelevant that the disruption is due to a girl-boy relationship, or due to another friendship or ‘enemy-ship’. One thing that needs to happen is for all the students in the room to be able to do their best work. If  

Should teachers be allowed to prevent students from using the restroom?
Hi, I will tell you a story about my 13 year old sister. My sister was in agony a few weeks back. We thought she had a stomach bug at first as she was throwing up. She started peeing blood. Not a period but pints of blood. She became very pale and started spiking temperatures so my Mum took up the doctors. They told my mum she had an unknown infection they had never seen before. They put her on antibiotics. 1 week later when the antibiotics had ran out she was still Ill symptoms getting worse. She was in and out of consciousness and was having dizziness/drowsiness. My mum yet again took her to 

I think that this is something that teachers in the UK are taught to deal with, and not assume that the child is trying to “skive” the lesson. Usually if a child asks to be excused to go to the toilet (we do not refer to it as bathroom here: we are not that tactful -:) ) a teacher may ask that they wait until the end of element they are teaching (a couple of minuets) but usually providing the child does not walk out without permission then all they should need to do as another person states is raise their hand and asked to be “excused”. In this case you were dealing with a young girl, and the yo 

No, students should be allowed to go to the bathroom freely for the most part. There are a few rules I have in my class. For the most part I allow students to go to the restroom at will by signing out on the bottom right corner of the board then erasing their name when they return. I do not allow under classmen to leave the room with any electronic device. I usually don’t need to police this with upperclassmen (high school). Don’t interrupt. If I’m speaking and I’m in the middle of telling the class something important consider if you can hold tight for a minute or two so you get the informatio

I wholeheartedly believe there isn’t a straightforward black and white answer, and it depends on the school, policies already in place, age, and specific situation. Lots of people are claiming rather firmly and boldly its “wrong, degrading, shameful in every circumstance etc”. While I do agree with lots of the points made and generally don’t believe kids and teens should be denied the right to pee, let me tell you about where I work and why I think it can be acceptable. (I actually believe students should theoretically be able to go whenever they want but I’m just going to give an example of a 

Absolutely not. Unless the teacher is in the middle of a test, to prevent cheating. And if so the teacher should talk to the student separately and privately in a quick manner. Find out if it's an emergency, if they can wait until the test is over, and determine for themselves if that student seems prone to cheating. If it's an emergency how well do you think one could focus on a test? If it's in the middle of a lecture how well do you think a student can focus on the information? Not very well. Been there. In between classes the bathrooms and hallways are packed and you don't always have time. Yo 

No absolutely not. I can say this from my personal story here's why, This incident occurred during our periodic tests about two years ago when I was in class 10. We had a system where we sat beside either our juniors or seniors during our exam. So there was a 9th grader sitting beside me during that particular set of exams. He was a relatively quiet guy and our conversations were limited to “Best of luck!” and “How was your exam?” So it had happened during my social science paper. The exam was really good and I had little to no ‘discomfort’ while writing it so I didn't expect what would happen l 

Should Instructors? Without a doubt. If you regularly feel the need to go to the bathroom eat less food or drink less fluids, especially coffee and/energy drinks, before class. If you are (assuming you are at least an adult) and you cannot sit for 50 or 75 minutes without the need to pee or defecate then HEAVEN help your future intended employers. You need 8+ bathroom brakes a day? Unhless a student furnishes me with a disability letter citing some recognized bowl or digestive or urinary condition, the third lecture straight they dare to ask this I will make a classroom SPECTACLE. Why? Because  

Let me tell you two stories, and then I’ll let you decide for yourself. I’m 16 years old. When I had just turned 13, I got my period for the first time, in the summer before 8th grade. This is when I discovered that I was prone to severe, heavy, unmanageable periods. I would bleed through ultra tampons, overnight pads, and combinations of the two. That doesn’t even take into account the fact that these methods of “collection” are not entirely accurate- any woman could tell you that “accidents” happen, especially when you’re inexperienced in the art of placing pads or inserting tampons. In any c 

Should teachers be allowed to prevent students from using the restroom? Let me tell you a story- When I was in the fourth grade, I raised my hand towards the end of class. I waited specifically for this time because I didn't want to be disruptive. As you've probably guessed, I had to use the restroom. The teacher took his sweet time calling on me as I tried my hardest not to fidget too much in my seat, but finally, I was acknowledged. “Yes?” “Can I go to the bathroom?” I was so ready to run out of the classroom by now. He looked at the clock. “You can wait until you get home.” I was crestfallen, bu 

I think that it shouldnt be freely allowed for whenever. People abuse it. Giving an example from my high school I had one teacher whose policy is if the bathroom pass is by the door, then you can go. Don't need to ask, but you need to take the pass with you.” Two issues: I have seen students walk out with the bathroom pass and come back 15 minutes later with food or I see them out the window talking with friends and taking advantage of leaving the room. Second issue: that bathroom pass has been dunked into toilets among several other things by the guys in the hs. I had several teachers who gave u 

What is the most pointless rule in your school?
To whoever reads this answer, Originally I wasn’t planning to write anonymously but since many of my teachers and friends read my answer, I have to write anonymously especially as I am still in school and 1. Want their privacy to be kept 2. Don’t want to get into trouble. Sorry for being anonymous and hope you would understand. I go to one of the most prestigeous and expensive private schools in my country (not disclosing name for personal reasons) where the fees is around 9 times more expensive per year than the average yearly family income in my country. However this school has a lot of pointl 

My parents sent me to a private school for 7 years. I did not miss the rules at all once I left. First of all, we had a uniform: For 4 out of the 5 days we were there , boy and girls had to wear a burgundy colour polo shirt with black chinos and black dress shoes. Polo shirts HAD to have the school initials on the left hand side for the logo. Meaning you couldn't sport Ralph Lauren or Lacoste polosThe brand of pants they wanted us to wear had to have a little tag on the right hand hip, they would check for it everyday on their students. If you didn’t have it, you would get in trouble by the teach

NO FRENCH SPEAKING IS ALLOWED Strange right ? Maybe not, definitely annoying. I was born and raised in Brussels, Belgium and maybe you did not know but we have 3 national languages. Dutch (Flemish dialect)FrenchGerman My mother tongue is French as is the case for the majority of the Brussels population. In Belgium you either go to school in one language or another (apart from schools with an immersion program). Since primary school I’ve attended class in Dutch (Nederlandstalige school - Dutch speaking school) and one of the most important rules in this kind of school is the language you speak insid 

Our school has a lot of pointless rules but I think the most annoying of them all would have to be the school coat. Let me explain… So we wear a uniform that looks a bit like this:  (Im not in that photo by the way) Our school is strict on their uniform rules and one of which is that we can only wear the school coat(an overpriced navy coat sold twice a year by the school with their crest on it) when we are in school. Its a reasonable rule when you consider the schools facsination with its image and that includes having perfect uniforms unhindered by neon pink rain coats and bright white ponchos. An 

Going through some of the answers, I was thinking, meh, trivial… Because you guys haven’t been to an all girls Chinese high school… one of the top ones in the state, and one you could only get in with reaaallly good grades or studying at the linked primary school. So here goes - as much as I could remember from my high school days. Hair (and nail) length - For hair, short, no longer than 5cm below the ears. All prefects used to carry a plastic sheet 5cm wide(?) to be able to check on student’s hair anytime. At least if you were friends with a prefect they mostly let you off with a warning to cut

Despite studying in a program taught entirely in English, I have to take a test to prove that my English proficiency to go on an exchange. Students in my program are given an option to study at a different university for a semester as an exchange student. Even though I’m already studying abroad from my home country, the idea of going to yet another country for a couple of months to study sounded like a great idea. That combined with the relatively prestigious list of schools that were available as exchange locations (USC Marshall, NUS, HKU, Babson College, and Sauder at UBC were my top picks) m 

I study in an all-girls Christian school. My school has several pointless rules, some of which they are unable to justify why they even have those rules in the first place No drawing on any body parts as it is considered “vandalism of your parents’ property” (aka I am not allowed to write reminders on my palm lest I receive one demerit point for doing so)No vulgarities of any kind (both in real life and on social media included) as it will get you nine demerit points straight and a free pass to detention (where you will be forced to do manual labour for the school)Attire rules oh my godHairstyl

My high school had some ridiculous rules that honestly made no sense half of the time. I would maybe understand if I went to a private/religious school, but I went to a shitty public school in the UK. If you broke any of these rules, you’d most likely end up in isolation (full-day detention). Some of the rules were: Boys (specifically) weren’t allowed to have their hair shorter than a Number 2 cut, since having extremely short hair apparently encouraged “patterning” or something.Anyone with hair past their shoulders had to tie it into a high ponytail.If we wore a skirt, our socks weren’t allowe

I went to a British international school from Year 7 all the way until I graduated HS. To follow the school’s British traditions, there were many rules in place that students felt were pretty pointless: Not allowed to speak any other language apart from English, even during break time - let’s talk cultural diversity, but oh, only in English.Not allowed to bring anything that contain peanuts to school- apparently this rule originated from the fact that English people are more likely to be allergic to peanuts, but is it really fair to ban peanuts for everybody else when there was only a 2% Englis

I am a teacher, and even I, being the goody-two-shoes, rule-following person that I am, find some rules completely pointless. Some of which, I choose not to enforce whatsoever, but others that I have to. “The Bathroom Rule” - It is largely frowned upon throughout the school to interrupt your learning in order to complete a necessary task (other than learning). Our school has a system in which you can only go out of class to the bathroom once in a day unless under exceptional circumstances. And under no circumstances should teachers ever take a bathroom break other than during lunch-break. It’s 

What do teachers think about student couples?
Short answer: I don’t really pay them any attention unless they disrupt instruction. Long answer: Middle school students suffer from debilitating tunnel vision. Everything in their lives is of the utmost importance, and no one else can understand how they’re feeling. No one has experienced the pain and loss and joy and excitement that they have. No one knows how difficult life is for them. Especially teachers. When it comes to dating, student relationships take center stage like a mid-’90s Mariah Carey—overly dramatic, all-consuming, and demanding of everyone’s attention. When the relationship in 

I go to a high school in AUS and I have been with my boyfriend, T, for a year now. We were in year 10 (ages 15–16) when we started dating and now we’re year 11’s (ages 16–17). In our experience, we’ve found all teachers to be sweet, accommodating and kind. Here are some of our encounters with teachers: *I must note that I am quite a good student, not necessarily with the best grades but I respect the teachers, try my best, show up on time with the right materials etc and have a good relationship with majority of teachers* ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ At our year 10 formal when T and I had been d 

I’m a high school teacher. The school I teach at tends to have students with a wide range of economic backgrounds as the actual neighborhood of the school is middle/upper class but it’s near a lower class neighborhood, where many of our students live. At one point we had a student, who I’ll call Sean, who was a genius. I’m writing anonymously because Sean is well known in my town and many, if not most, of my colleagues/neighbors would know to whom I’m referring even with his name changed. Sean had the trajectory common to many extremely gifted kids. Pushed ahead in school, working with tutors be 

I remember when I started dating in my sophomore year of high school, second semester! Most of my teachers didn’t really notice, but two in particular did because we both had a class with them- Spanish and Zoology. And they were both super understanding and would even joke with us a lot of the time. We ended up getting together because we would often pair up for group projects or help each other with classwork in both of these classes, or talk to one another when we had a little free time before or near the end of class. Once we actually started dating we tended to hold hands sometimes or sit cl 

I haven’t taught in the public schools, but I have spent years as a Sunday School teacher and youth pastor in a large charismatic church. The high school group had anywhere from 60 to 100 kids at any given time. And the dirty little secret to being a youth pastor is this: watch out for the church kids! By “church kids” I mean the sons and daughters of the pastors and staff, the kids who grew up in that church, know where all the bodies are buried, and have a little bit of an attitude. These are the kids who will get you fired if you do anything they don’t like. I know. It happened to a couple  

I'm not a teacher. I'm a student, but there was this one occasion where our Economy teacher mentioned something about this. As usual, our Economy teacher likes to tell stories during his class, just to make everyone less sleepy (since it's noon after lunch and his stories are quite funny and adventurous sometimes). One day he make comments about a high school couple (two/a year above us I think) who were caught being together. He said that he didn't approve of the relationship, seeing that the two are constantly together everywhere, as if they are inseparable. He told us that he understands our 

I have only had a couple couples (hah!). Actually, 3 sets. All were on the younger end of the spectrum compared to the average age of my students. I appreciated that I didn’t even know there was an intimate relationship between any of them for quite some time. The only instance in which it caused some friction was in the very youngest couple. (19–20 years old.) They occasionally would get into arguments and one would not attend class. I only knew this because the other students would comment about it in class to the present half of the equation, loudly. So I overheard. I imagine that there was a 

When I taught High School, I always took couples with a grain of salt. In other words I am like many of the responses here in that I thought it was cute, but probably would not last. That is because once you have taught a while you have seen many such “relationships” break up and some last as short as a few days. The only time they concerned me is if they became disruptive to the educational process. Most of the time this happened through PDA. Standing in the hallway during passing period it was not uncommon to see such couples engaged in inappropriate kissing and groping. I would respond to t 

Years ago I had a female student in Grade 7 who suffered from occasional petit-mal seizures. She was a quiet and shy person and she sat at the back of the room so as not to attract attention. Her seizures came perhaps once a week, were brief , and often she would regurgitate a bit of fluid after. She would have no recall of the seizure or the last ten or twenty minutes preceding it. While her classmates were understanding of her condition and sympathetic they also kept their distance. Except one boy. He would move over and sit with her when a seizure began and speak quietly to her as she slowly 

If the students concerned do not let it interfere with their education, sometimes I am the last person to realise that Kaylah and Jacob have been going out ‘like forever’. It can take me six months to notice. Sometimes I find out when they break up, lol. If they let it interfere with their education, by becoming disruptive in class, then I deal with it as a disruption. It really is irrelevant that the disruption is due to a girl-boy relationship, or due to another friendship or ‘enemy-ship’. One thing that needs to happen is for all the students in the room to be able to do their best work. If  

As a parent, what did your child's school do that made you say "you can't be serious…"?
I have a great example of taking school rules to the extreme. It will either make you laugh, or cringe, or cry (as I did at the time!). I was aged 5 - and this happened in the mid-1970’s. We lived in Australia, and I was sent to a private Church of England Girls’ School. As it happened, my mother was Headmistress of the Primary section of the school, and my father (being a Church of England Minister) was the Chaplain of the whole school. The school had a very strict school uniform dress code, which included wearing blue knickers under our blue school skirts for normal classes, and brown knicker 

I’m writing this because I am not comfortable sharing my info I’m not a parent but this actually happened to me a few years ago. I had this one 6th grade teacher, let’s call him Mr. M. Hes my math teacher and is a bit nosy but that’s not the issue. (He used to talk to me a lot about family issues and divorce and it was not too comfortable). Mind you this is the time when I had the worst mental illness.I have OCD and when I say OCD, I’m not kidding. This was probably the peak of it. I have germ OCD, and it’s gotten better but let me tell you about it so you have some backstory.Growing up in the  

I was the child here. And considering I was 13 at the time, my mother spoke to me about everything that happened with the school. There’s one story that completely messed me up and caused me PTSD. And the event was horrendously traumatizing. Our Spanish teacher, (we’ll call her sra for Señora) Sra, was usually 5–15 minutes late to class. She taught during the second half of the day in a temporary building outside. Often times we will put our stuff in the classroom before she arrives and just wait under the large rain structure. I had set down my backpack and gone back to my friends outside. Beth 

We lived in Japan for a number of years during which time our youngest daughter completed most of her primary (elementary) schooling starting in grade 1. As a result she was literate in Japanese before she could read and write English with any proficiency - although she was age appropriate orally in English. The situation was explained to her school principal on returning to Australia and she started grade 6 mid year. Two weeks later a worried principal called us in and carefully explained “xxx can’t read or write English at any more than grade 1 level”. “Yes, we know that” we replied “that’s  

I have two things actually, same school, same child but he was in different grades for the incidents. My son was in preschool when he was 4. He made the age cut off by 1 month, which means he was always the youngest kid in his class. One day, about 2 months into the start of the school year, I get a call from the principal. They had him in the office and wanted me to come down because he kissed one of his classmates, a girl, on the cheek. When I got there, they told me they were planning on expelling him. No joke. I asked what happened and I was told , that he was friends with a girl classmate an 

I’ll have to answer this on behalf of my mom, who is no longer living. I remember the fit she threw, and I was involved, and remember it vividly. When I was in elementary school, my mom and dad enrolled my brother and me in private Catholic school. We were taught by both nuns and lay teachers, and I was absolutely terrified of my first, second and third grade teachers. They both had recently come from the Philippine Islands, and both were incredibly cruel. (My first grade teacher transferred to my third grade class, so I got a double dose of that dragon.) Both insisted we keep our hands clasped 

The main two that comes to mind when reading this question are…. The first one is, my daughter No.4’s first year at high school. My daughter is not an A grade student so needs help with Maths and English. Which I have been ok with as she has always needed extra help. In UK there is a thing the Medical board and Government go on about is our children being obese so needing more exercise and better nutrition, which as a mum I agree with. The high school my daughters attend decided that daughter who needs extra help should get that help during lesson time of PE. My daughter told me so I phone the sc 

I was the one who said “you cant be serious" as the student. The school I graduated from was a mixed bag, but here are a few… this is an American high school on a military base in England. My Favorite: I was a senior (12th grade, 17 years old). My sister and I rode in early with my mom, because I had left my car at the auto-hobby shop to be inspected the day before. Mom dropped us off by my car and sis and I drove off to the coffee shop on base since we were almost 2 hours early. About the same time we made our way across the base for the start of school, I noticed that one of my hands had start 

My daughter was in her school’s gifted and talented class, and after a few years of that, decided that she would rather stay in the classroom learning the actual things they were going to be tested on than off in this other classroom playing “educational” games. Let me digress a moment: I have always trusted my daughter’s judgment when it came to setting priorities. (Well, there was one time when I didn’t, but I was wrong.) And when it came to schoolwork, she prioritized homework for her classroom teacher(s) over her G&amp;T homework. I completely supported that. Gifted and Talented is for enrichme 

Long answer… When my son was in kindergarten, the teacher said she thought he had ADD because he would start many things but not finish. I asked for an example. Apparently, he would start puzzles, get bored, and move on without finishing them. I asked what level puzzles. 4 - 6 year old puzzles. I laughed and told her that I wasn't surprised he got bored as we were doing 10 – 12 year old puzzles at home. The teacher then gave him more challenging stuff to do and had no further problems. First grade, I notice that he reverses words when reading and other little things. I ask teacher how to get him 

As a parent, what did your child's school do that made you say "you can't be serious…"?
I have a great example of taking school rules to the extreme. It will either make you laugh, or cringe, or cry (as I did at the time!). I was aged 5 - and this happened in the mid-1970’s. We lived in Australia, and I was sent to a private Church of England Girls’ School. As it happened, my mother was Headmistress of the Primary section of the school, and my father (being a Church of England Minister) was the Chaplain of the whole school. The school had a very strict school uniform dress code, which included wearing blue knickers under our blue school skirts for normal classes, and brown knicker 

I’m writing this because I am not comfortable sharing my info I’m not a parent but this actually happened to me a few years ago. I had this one 6th grade teacher, let’s call him Mr. M. Hes my math teacher and is a bit nosy but that’s not the issue. (He used to talk to me a lot about family issues and divorce and it was not too comfortable). Mind you this is the time when I had the worst mental illness.I have OCD and when I say OCD, I’m not kidding. This was probably the peak of it. I have germ OCD, and it’s gotten better but let me tell you about it so you have some backstory.Growing up in the  

I was the child here. And considering I was 13 at the time, my mother spoke to me about everything that happened with the school. There’s one story that completely messed me up and caused me PTSD. And the event was horrendously traumatizing. Our Spanish teacher, (we’ll call her sra for Señora) Sra, was usually 5–15 minutes late to class. She taught during the second half of the day in a temporary building outside. Often times we will put our stuff in the classroom before she arrives and just wait under the large rain structure. I had set down my backpack and gone back to my friends outside. Beth 

We lived in Japan for a number of years during which time our youngest daughter completed most of her primary (elementary) schooling starting in grade 1. As a result she was literate in Japanese before she could read and write English with any proficiency - although she was age appropriate orally in English. The situation was explained to her school principal on returning to Australia and she started grade 6 mid year. Two weeks later a worried principal called us in and carefully explained “xxx can’t read or write English at any more than grade 1 level”. “Yes, we know that” we replied “that’s  

I have two things actually, same school, same child but he was in different grades for the incidents. My son was in preschool when he was 4. He made the age cut off by 1 month, which means he was always the youngest kid in his class. One day, about 2 months into the start of the school year, I get a call from the principal. They had him in the office and wanted me to come down because he kissed one of his classmates, a girl, on the cheek. When I got there, they told me they were planning on expelling him. No joke. I asked what happened and I was told , that he was friends with a girl classmate an 

I’ll have to answer this on behalf of my mom, who is no longer living. I remember the fit she threw, and I was involved, and remember it vividly. When I was in elementary school, my mom and dad enrolled my brother and me in private Catholic school. We were taught by both nuns and lay teachers, and I was absolutely terrified of my first, second and third grade teachers. They both had recently come from the Philippine Islands, and both were incredibly cruel. (My first grade teacher transferred to my third grade class, so I got a double dose of that dragon.) Both insisted we keep our hands clasped 

The main two that comes to mind when reading this question are…. The first one is, my daughter No.4’s first year at high school. My daughter is not an A grade student so needs help with Maths and English. Which I have been ok with as she has always needed extra help. In UK there is a thing the Medical board and Government go on about is our children being obese so needing more exercise and better nutrition, which as a mum I agree with. The high school my daughters attend decided that daughter who needs extra help should get that help during lesson time of PE. My daughter told me so I phone the sc 

I was the one who said “you cant be serious" as the student. The school I graduated from was a mixed bag, but here are a few… this is an American high school on a military base in England. My Favorite: I was a senior (12th grade, 17 years old). My sister and I rode in early with my mom, because I had left my car at the auto-hobby shop to be inspected the day before. Mom dropped us off by my car and sis and I drove off to the coffee shop on base since we were almost 2 hours early. About the same time we made our way across the base for the start of school, I noticed that one of my hands had start 

My daughter was in her school’s gifted and talented class, and after a few years of that, decided that she would rather stay in the classroom learning the actual things they were going to be tested on than off in this other classroom playing “educational” games. Let me digress a moment: I have always trusted my daughter’s judgment when it came to setting priorities. (Well, there was one time when I didn’t, but I was wrong.) And when it came to schoolwork, she prioritized homework for her classroom teacher(s) over her G&amp;T homework. I completely supported that. Gifted and Talented is for enrichme 

Long answer… When my son was in kindergarten, the teacher said she thought he had ADD because he would start many things but not finish. I asked for an example. Apparently, he would start puzzles, get bored, and move on without finishing them. I asked what level puzzles. 4 - 6 year old puzzles. I laughed and told her that I wasn't surprised he got bored as we were doing 10 – 12 year old puzzles at home. The teacher then gave him more challenging stuff to do and had no further problems. First grade, I notice that he reverses words when reading and other little things. I ask teacher how to get him 

What's the most ridiculous thing a high school counselor has done to you?
I am not going to make this post anonymous because I am not afraid to share this story. I never liked my counselor. Never have, never will. Not even sure how he got a degree in this kind of stuff. That’s not the point. At around the beginning of the school year, I was being sexually harassed by classmates. It started off with them slapping my ass, giving me unwanted attention, and even went as far as to leaving notes on my locker telling me about all the dirty fantasies they had of me. I had a good body for my age apparently I was reasonably uncomfortable, and began getting panic attacks whenever  

Made wild false accusations about me using drugs based on a rash she glimpsed once. I have this weird skin condition where, if I allow the insides of my elbows to become sweaty and remain sweaty (like, keeping my arms folded at night while I sleep so sweat collects there), a big, red, itchy, burning rash develops. I have no idea what the condition actually is (is it an issue with my skin? an allergic reaction to my own sweat?), just that it’ll disappear within days if I keep the area clean and dry. Of course, the first time it happened when I was a teenager, I had no idea how to treat it and we 

Two really interesting and ridiculous things I was told by a high school counselor. Incident 1: I was attending my first half of Freshman year at Bethany Academy, a Christian private school, after being badly abused at ISM, another private school. I had unfortunately gotten the attentions of a boy, with whom I had turned down a date. “Jimmy” took this rather badly and started harassing me at school, at home, and even went far to go after my dad’s workplace, which was just down the road from the school. He called me and said that he wanted to rape me and kill my dogs, asked if I took part in Sata 

My school has a thing going on that the counselors would take charge of students based on their last names. So counselor 1 had A-G, counselor two has H-N, and so on. It was during my senior year that my counselor changed because one of them was retiring. I didn’t know this until my new counselor said that I was missing 15 credits. All those credits were from my failed attempts in English class from the previous years. So, I had to change my math class and take online courses at school until those credits were done. in the middle spring semester, I finished of what was supposed to be my last onlin 

Nora (name changed) was not a bad woman. She wasn’t even a stupid woman. She was just, well, special. Nora’s job was to counsel older students in the last two years of school. This was a difficult age, as students were transitioning from childhood to adulthood, starting relationships, becoming independent from parents and choosing a career. There were lots of messed-up teens in my school, and lots of problems that needed talking through. The Head of Pastoral Care, Nora, was the woman we were meant to see. The first time I saw Nora (“not Ms Nichols, I’m just Nora; think of me as your friend”) was 

It was Junior high, actually. Me and my cousin studied in the same class and we used to skip classes in the bathroom.  One time, when we were skipping a particularly boring class, we were caught by one of the school cleaning ladies, but thinking it was a school officer looking out for us, we clumsily tried to hide ourselves together in one of the two bathroom stalls. It didn't work, the cleaning lady saw us and, upon seeing that she wasn't an officer, we left the stall, laughing out loud about the whole situation while we explained what happened to her. After that we went back to class and f 

“You know, all you did this entire year was stress me out!” My mouth dropped open. Was my counselor, the one I’d gone to almost in tears multiple times this year who knew how much bullshit I’d gone through, trying to blame me for making her do her job? For a little context: As a senior in high school, within the span of one year both my parents were diagnosed with cancer, I was still adjusting to living with my grandmother struggling with dementia, I’d just lost a friend to suicide, and on top of all this was still trying to stay on top of my class. Throughout that year I struggled with four AP  

This was in middle school but close enough. I was in the 6th grade in P.E. Class. I had a hair tie to put my hair up but it broke. My teacher had all the girls who’s hair wasn’t up sit on the side lines. My counselor came in and asked why all these girls were “sitting out”. The teacher told her about our hair and she looked at me and asked me why I didn’t put my hair up. I told her “I don’t have a hair tie m-“ And cut me off before I could tell her it broke and started berating me about how I’ll never make it to the work force let alone college if I can’t follow simple directions and have the to 

My story needs a bit of background: tl/DR is my high school counselor told me I wasn't smart enough to do what I wanted and tried to make me settle for less. When I was in grade 11, our school system got rid of grade 13. It wasn't called grade 13 (I think it was called OAC? Don't remember). It was basically an optional year that university bound students could take which would more or less give them a leg up in their first year (university is a different level from college here, we don't use the names interchangeably. University is theoretical, while college is more practical… University is har 

Mine tried to prevent me from walking at graduation. Some context: When I was a freshman (2015), our school board passed an online PE course for varsity athletes that could replace our freshman gym credit. So I dropped my PE course and took an English elective instead. Fast forward to September of 2018. I’ve been nagging each dean I had, every year, to get me into the online course. They never did. Come September, the senior dean finally agrees. I still don’t have the course by December. She says that there’s an issue with the licensing. My senior year was a huge mental health struggle. It happens 

What's the most inaccurate thing your child has ever been taught in school?
This was a really surprising one and I even had to debate the teacher because he was so off the mark as to be shocking. My daughter’s English Teacher in High School was teaching George Orwell’s 1984 which was a personal favourite of mine. He asked the class to write an essay describing how Iran was like the Government in 1984. My Daughter lived in Canada at the time with her mother and called me up to get some ideas on the essay (I live in Singapore where she now lives). The call went something like this. Her - Hey Dad, I have to write an essay on how Iran is like the Government in 1984 Me - Uhhhh 

This one is still a sore point for my mom. Now, my little brother is smart. Really smart. His high school calculus teacher has called it “Once-in-a-generation kind of smart”. He spends his free time reading encyclopedias and testing out mathematical formulas. This year he represented our country in the international maths olympiads, and did extremely well. But the thing he's really interested in, is physics. At the age of 13 he already knew what he wanted to write his master's thesis on - just to give you an idea of his level of intelligence. Naturally, his favourite subject has always been science 

The child was me. So, for whatever reason, my school had religious education at a non-religious school, which consisted of some creepy fundamentalist lady telling us completely preposterous things about Christianity, and doing things like telling the black kids to leave class because "They didn't have the capacity to understand", and things like explaining to the girls that they're sinful and probably going to be subjected to witch hunts, which made a few girls burst into tears, and that when you sneeze, you lose a year of your life unless someone says "God Bless You". This was in sixth grade. B 

There were several things, particularly helping my kids do their homework I would take issue over an answer I had assisted them with being later marked as incorrect. I recall on one such occasion later taking a reference manual to the school to demonstrate their error, only to be greeted by a teacher shrugging their shoulders! That was back in my home country (New Zealand), where my children have now all grown up and are living their lives. I am now an expat, remarried and living in Indonesia, and had the wonderful experience of having my Indonesian niece come to live with us for two years and  

This question opened up a can of worms for me. It still upsets me since I can see how labeling not only hurt my son, but has also influenced an entire generation into believing that every family is dysfunctional. My husband and I worked hard to move from the southside of Chicago, the baddest part of town, to one of the best school districts in the nation — the affluent North Shore. Our school in Highland Park, in fact, came a close second to the one ranked number one, Winnetka. The latter also happened to have the highest suicide rates, at the time, since failure, as in losing your perfect GPA, 

I have two stories, I will try to keep them short. 1.) At the age of 5 we ( my ex-husband and I) had enrolled our son into kindergarten. He was,so excited,he even though that he would have to ride the school bus,but because we only lived two blocks away from the school we walked him to school. My mom and stepdad had flown all the way from California to Illinois to be there for his first day of school. On that day it was the first time our son had sprung out of bed without any nagging. He had even brushed his teeth in a hurry and tried to comb his hair in the same manner. He kept on saying “ We'v 

Not my child, but rather a school I was volunteering at. The students in this class were second stage English as a second language student. This meant that they had moved on from the first stage classes where the curriculum was based on English and numeracy proficiency, to a curriculum that was closer to that of an average class, but still with additional language supports. On the day in question the students were learning about Australia and were tasked with labelling the states and territories of Australia on a map. Much like the one below.  (source: Brisbane — kidcyber) It became clear towards t 

Well, I do not have children yet and this happened to my wife, not me, but I think it's worth the share: A couple of years ago, my wife did a practicum as an university student at a local Christian protestant school. She studying history at the university attended mostly history classes during that practicum. As she tells it, she went through some trouble with the teacher who supervised her and whose lessons she mostly was attending. My wife didn’t feel that she was learning much in that practicum. But at one occasion, the practicum changed her life and her career goals. Her supervising teacher  

Update: thanks for all the great feedback. This happened when Tim was 7. He is now 25. Tim just graduated from Boston University with his masters in Biomedical engineering. One thing that I wanted to add is that the whole IEP team thought Tim’s answers were strange and part of his problem so their attitude was that he failed the questions because he couldn’t give typical answers. We need more room in our classrooms for kids who think differently and don’t always give the expected answer. Especially when you are considering a kid’s aptitude and where they will be placed academically. Original answ 

1.False fact: Christopher Columbus discovered America in 1492.  Reality: By now you probably know that everything you were taught about Columbus is unreliable. For example, contrary to what you learned in school, the explorer didn’t discover America when he landed there in 1492; the land had previously been inhabited for centuries by Native Americans. Plus, many scholars believe that other explorers from Europe, Asia, and Africa had already landed in America long before Columbus. 2. False fact: Chameleons always blend in with their backgrounds.  Reality: Contrary to a widely held belief—one that is 

Have you ever seen a student roast a teacher to the point where the teacher doesn’t know what to say?
Ah, it’s probably not a story I should tell. Enough time has passed though, this teacher is retired and it’s not something that anyone would be surprised by anymore. Let’s just say that I was a strong-willed teenager. There were two teachers at my high school with a particular reputation for being difficult. One was the math and science teacher, a wonderful teacher that simply taught some of the most difficult subjects. He had more teaching certifications than almost any other teacher in the district if I recall, and as hard as his subjects were he was always clearly trying to help his students s 

I was quite the cocky boy as an eighth grader. At the tender age of 14, as a student in my beginner level French class, I carried out a brazen display of disrespect to the poor old lady that was my teacher. You see, as the teacher was lecturing about the Napoleonic Era in French history, I was having mildy audible side conversations with my friends seated around me. I wouldn't stop, and my friends and I paid no heed to the lecture. This, obviously, annoyed and frustrated the teacher as I was detracting from the learning of both myself and others. Thus, she suddenly stopped lecturing, and said rhe 

I was in the third year of my Bachelor degree. There was this teacher, who I might say was and is one of the most prepared professors that existed in our university. The story goes like this. During the years of my student life I suffered a lot, a had no money, no clothes, I was thin, pale. I couldn't eat properly, because the money I had, covered the of the rent, books, and if I was lucky I could buy shoes at the thrift shop. I had to work 8 hours full-time till midnight as an assistant bartender. From 7 am till 2pm I had classes, which I attended with no absences. You see I am from Albania, an 

Had a long, slow response about my english teacher in the works, when suddenly I remembered the hilariously humbling story of Mr. S. Alright, so this guy was a substitute teacher. That’s strike one. When you’re a sub, students assume you: Are not good enough to be a real teacherShould NOT make the students do any work besides what the absent teacher assignedDo not deserve the same level of authority over the classroom, especially when the sub is more strict than the actual teacher. It just isn’t happening, dude. We will not be silenced.Mr. S. was a straight up asshole. He was the most strict tea 

I was in primary school. So was the pupil who roasted the teacher. Considering that she was only 12 years old, the teacher was speechless. She appeared to be an average student in most ways. No remarkable stand-out performances in any academic, cultural, sport or social activities or subjects. She had, in fact, one perceived weakness: languages. She performed below par in both languages presented at the school (compared to her classmates), especially in essay writing. Then, one day, the teacher was doing an advanced example (at least, advanced for 12-year olds) on the 16 tenses of the English la 

“Have you ever seen a student roast a teacher to the point where the teacher doesn’t know what to say?” Yep. I was this student. Junior year of high school, in U.S. Government class. From the start, I did not get along at all with the teacher (I’ll call her Ms. Smith). This mutual dislike began after the very first test of the semester, when I answered the question “Which of these is the best definition for ‘alien’?” with “Someone from outer space” rather than “Someone in the country illegally”. Marked down, I pointed out to her that aliens (as in foreigners) need not be illegals (hence the dist 

Back when I was taking foundation program in a local university. We all have to take academic research subject. The lecture got roasted twice by me throughout that 15week of classes. The first time was in the lecture class. We was told not to cite anything from Wikipedia because it was categorized as unreliable source. She did even lecture that on her slides during lecture class. 5min later…She show us some citation on the projector screen. I notice Wikipedia was cited and being shown as good example of citation. At that moment I raise my hand and question her why Wikipedia was cited when it’s u 

Yes, sometimes merited and sometimes not. But I’ve never seen the subsequently likely poor grade the said students probably got for such roasting. Especially if it’s a class where writing, essays, participation or other grade calculations can be judged subjectively. Point being that if a prof likes you you are far more likely to get a better grade than if they hate you. Don’t get me wrong, I love truth to power, and exposing bullshit spouted by profs as much as anyone (and have done some of it myself) but sometimes a respectable disagreement with a prof (but still getting your points across) is 

I used to be a bit of a smartass in tenth grade, at least as far as language classes were concerned. I remember being slightly annoyed by something sarcastic that the english teacher said about me to the class. I wanted to annoy the woman, but didn't really want to be too conspicuous about it. The opportunity presented itself within a few days, when it was the “English Day” for the month. Some background information would be required here. In my state, tenth grade examinations used to be a big deal and schools did stupid stuff to make sure their students performed well in those examinations. I  

Yeah, that would be me, even though I'm just an student. In my country, Costa Rica, there's a kind of High-school called “Scientific High schools” (10th to 11th grade), I'm gonna explain what the environment is so that you can understand the situation better. To get in this kind of high-schools you need to be an straight-A student, pass a test that only 20% of the applicants pass that consist in verbal and mathematical logical reasoning, and an interview. So you get lots of nerds, a couple of bright kids and if lucky, a genius each year. It's a high-school focused on STEM subjects, so almost a 

What is the most pointless rule in your school?
To whoever reads this answer, Originally I wasn’t planning to write anonymously but since many of my teachers and friends read my answer, I have to write anonymously especially as I am still in school and 1. Want their privacy to be kept 2. Don’t want to get into trouble. Sorry for being anonymous and hope you would understand. I go to one of the most prestigeous and expensive private schools in my country (not disclosing name for personal reasons) where the fees is around 9 times more expensive per year than the average yearly family income in my country. However this school has a lot of pointl 

My parents sent me to a private school for 7 years. I did not miss the rules at all once I left. First of all, we had a uniform: For 4 out of the 5 days we were there , boy and girls had to wear a burgundy colour polo shirt with black chinos and black dress shoes. Polo shirts HAD to have the school initials on the left hand side for the logo. Meaning you couldn't sport Ralph Lauren or Lacoste polosThe brand of pants they wanted us to wear had to have a little tag on the right hand hip, they would check for it everyday on their students. If you didn’t have it, you would get in trouble by the teach

NO FRENCH SPEAKING IS ALLOWED Strange right ? Maybe not, definitely annoying. I was born and raised in Brussels, Belgium and maybe you did not know but we have 3 national languages. Dutch (Flemish dialect)FrenchGerman My mother tongue is French as is the case for the majority of the Brussels population. In Belgium you either go to school in one language or another (apart from schools with an immersion program). Since primary school I’ve attended class in Dutch (Nederlandstalige school - Dutch speaking school) and one of the most important rules in this kind of school is the language you speak insid 

Our school has a lot of pointless rules but I think the most annoying of them all would have to be the school coat. Let me explain… So we wear a uniform that looks a bit like this:  (Im not in that photo by the way) Our school is strict on their uniform rules and one of which is that we can only wear the school coat(an overpriced navy coat sold twice a year by the school with their crest on it) when we are in school. Its a reasonable rule when you consider the schools facsination with its image and that includes having perfect uniforms unhindered by neon pink rain coats and bright white ponchos. An 

Going through some of the answers, I was thinking, meh, trivial… Because you guys haven’t been to an all girls Chinese high school… one of the top ones in the state, and one you could only get in with reaaallly good grades or studying at the linked primary school. So here goes - as much as I could remember from my high school days. Hair (and nail) length - For hair, short, no longer than 5cm below the ears. All prefects used to carry a plastic sheet 5cm wide(?) to be able to check on student’s hair anytime. At least if you were friends with a prefect they mostly let you off with a warning to cut

Despite studying in a program taught entirely in English, I have to take a test to prove that my English proficiency to go on an exchange. Students in my program are given an option to study at a different university for a semester as an exchange student. Even though I’m already studying abroad from my home country, the idea of going to yet another country for a couple of months to study sounded like a great idea. That combined with the relatively prestigious list of schools that were available as exchange locations (USC Marshall, NUS, HKU, Babson College, and Sauder at UBC were my top picks) m 

I study in an all-girls Christian school. My school has several pointless rules, some of which they are unable to justify why they even have those rules in the first place No drawing on any body parts as it is considered “vandalism of your parents’ property” (aka I am not allowed to write reminders on my palm lest I receive one demerit point for doing so)No vulgarities of any kind (both in real life and on social media included) as it will get you nine demerit points straight and a free pass to detention (where you will be forced to do manual labour for the school)Attire rules oh my godHairstyl

My high school had some ridiculous rules that honestly made no sense half of the time. I would maybe understand if I went to a private/religious school, but I went to a shitty public school in the UK. If you broke any of these rules, you’d most likely end up in isolation (full-day detention). Some of the rules were: Boys (specifically) weren’t allowed to have their hair shorter than a Number 2 cut, since having extremely short hair apparently encouraged “patterning” or something.Anyone with hair past their shoulders had to tie it into a high ponytail.If we wore a skirt, our socks weren’t allowe

I went to a British international school from Year 7 all the way until I graduated HS. To follow the school’s British traditions, there were many rules in place that students felt were pretty pointless: Not allowed to speak any other language apart from English, even during break time - let’s talk cultural diversity, but oh, only in English.Not allowed to bring anything that contain peanuts to school- apparently this rule originated from the fact that English people are more likely to be allergic to peanuts, but is it really fair to ban peanuts for everybody else when there was only a 2% Englis

I am a teacher, and even I, being the goody-two-shoes, rule-following person that I am, find some rules completely pointless. Some of which, I choose not to enforce whatsoever, but others that I have to. “The Bathroom Rule” - It is largely frowned upon throughout the school to interrupt your learning in order to complete a necessary task (other than learning). Our school has a system in which you can only go out of class to the bathroom once in a day unless under exceptional circumstances. And under no circumstances should teachers ever take a bathroom break other than during lunch-break. It’s 

What is the best loophole on an exam that you've ever witnessed?
This isn’t really my story to tell, so I hope my brother forgives me telling it on his behalf… I am the eldest of 4 brothers. My eldest brother went to a reasonably prestigious university in London for Art and because he was into stage performance Theatre Studies. Now, if you had ever talked to my brother as an adult, he would tell you that University is a farce. Here is one of the lessons that his university education taught him that helped lead him to this conclusion. He's a pretty charismatic guy and I'm sure I won't do the story as much justice as he would, but I will try and retell it in as  

Well, I have two examples of failed use of loopholes. In our physical anthropology class, our professor taught us to recognize humanbones and bone fragments. We had a limited (but not that small) number of bones and fragments. He told us we could get an A on the final if we could identify the bones behind our backs. The collection was available throughout the semester for any-one wanting to study with them. I spent a lot of hours going through every bone until I could ID each one of the bones while holding them behind my back. The hours spent doing this took away from time I would have otherwis

Oh man. This was the most epic exam loophole I’ve ever witnessed. Why? Because it happened in the Catalan University Entrance Exams. The exams that decide whether you’re attending that certain university and that certain degree. Those exams. A “little” misunderstanding in the English exam, actually. And the best part, is that I can actually show you the exam myself (and that you can read the whole exam here -as you can see there are two exams in this link, we did the first one). So, the exam itself is very important- it’s a university entrance exam. It directly affects your chances to enter the univ 

Okay, fyi not bragging, this is just how the situation turned out. I was once in a history class in 11th grade. There was only like, 10–15 kids max in that class since it was an inner-city school (the other 15 or so kids who were supposed to be in class were never there, as was the norm in schools like that). It was really close to the end of the school year (I went to a school in Canada for the latter half of 11th grade and all of 12th, and they have school open from Sept. to mid or end of June (INSANE RIGHT??)) so I had to do a group project as the last assignment before finals. (It was one of 

It was my final year of high school in art class. The teacher passed out swatches, each hand-painted with a dozen unique, small squares, samplings of vibrant watercolors, dark and intriguing; each held colors you wouldn't normally find in the jumbo crayon box, on long strips of heavy paper. One strip of color per student. The teacher instructed us to reproduce each color we saw on our individual sample, as closely as we could match it, by mixing watercolor paint onto our pallette, in order to create a duplicate swatch of our own. This was to be taped directly underneath her own sample for grading 

I was enrolled in Anatomy &amp; Physiology I which would normally be a 16 week course, but I opted to take it during summer semester and therefore we only had 8 weeks to complete the entire course. Because of the time constraints, our professor explained to us that she had to do some “creative” assignments to make up for assignments that we wouldn’t have time to do that would have been a large part of our final grade in the regular course. (Basically, during a regular length course she would have several assignments that would help to cushion the grade. During the 8 weeks, we would have so few grad 

Even those that have been studying extensively were afraid to take their eyes off the textbooks for a mere second. On the rainy day, they were taking the final steps to prepare for a test which would determine their future. The whole class of dozens of brilliant students of the University of Copenhagen was silent, save for those repeating the learned curriculum out loud. The professor walks in holding the so feared object: the test papers. After him, a student enters. He saunters into the first seat he can find. The tests are served, and as as soon as the green light to turn them over has been 

I need to go anonymous on this one because where i am today is just because of that loophole and i dont want this to impact my future as i am getting a good salary and enjoying being on a good position just because of that. Moreover i dont want anyone to try this for the state exam i appeared as they may not have found the loophole yet.This was an engineering entrance exam for my state and this was the most important one because after 12th i had to come home due to some medical reasons so i could not continue studying for getting admission into IIT or AIEEE, I could not afford to fail in this  

Well, this went around Berkeley where I lived for awhile, not sure if it’s true, but it’s pretty epic: One question final for a Philosophy class: “What is courage?” One student scribbles an answer, walks up to the professor and hands her the paper with his answer: “This is.” Oh, I remembered another one. This wan’t an exam, it was an assignment, but it was pretty ingenious. This was an assignment in Graphic Design school. We had to design a font that would reflect the word of our choice. I chose the word “tennis” and made the letters so that they had the pattern of a tennis net, with a strip acros 

On a multiple choice exam, when the teacher had to make different sets of the same paper (to prevent students copying from each other), and in a bout of laziness decided to just shuffle the options, my fate was sealed (though the question paper was not) as I ended up getting that version of the paper which had the loophole. Ok, technically, it had two loopholes. I couldn’t help but feel the teacher had deliberately crafted this question as a sort of pun. The question with the loophole was ironically a question about filling up a missing statement in the body of a while loop (it was a programmin 

What is the best loophole on an exam that you've ever witnessed?
This isn’t really my story to tell, so I hope my brother forgives me telling it on his behalf… I am the eldest of 4 brothers. My eldest brother went to a reasonably prestigious university in London for Art and because he was into stage performance Theatre Studies. Now, if you had ever talked to my brother as an adult, he would tell you that University is a farce. Here is one of the lessons that his university education taught him that helped lead him to this conclusion. He's a pretty charismatic guy and I'm sure I won't do the story as much justice as he would, but I will try and retell it in as  

Well, I have two examples of failed use of loopholes. In our physical anthropology class, our professor taught us to recognize humanbones and bone fragments. We had a limited (but not that small) number of bones and fragments. He told us we could get an A on the final if we could identify the bones behind our backs. The collection was available throughout the semester for any-one wanting to study with them. I spent a lot of hours going through every bone until I could ID each one of the bones while holding them behind my back. The hours spent doing this took away from time I would have otherwis

Oh man. This was the most epic exam loophole I’ve ever witnessed. Why? Because it happened in the Catalan University Entrance Exams. The exams that decide whether you’re attending that certain university and that certain degree. Those exams. A “little” misunderstanding in the English exam, actually. And the best part, is that I can actually show you the exam myself (and that you can read the whole exam here -as you can see there are two exams in this link, we did the first one). So, the exam itself is very important- it’s a university entrance exam. It directly affects your chances to enter the univ 

Okay, fyi not bragging, this is just how the situation turned out. I was once in a history class in 11th grade. There was only like, 10–15 kids max in that class since it was an inner-city school (the other 15 or so kids who were supposed to be in class were never there, as was the norm in schools like that). It was really close to the end of the school year (I went to a school in Canada for the latter half of 11th grade and all of 12th, and they have school open from Sept. to mid or end of June (INSANE RIGHT??)) so I had to do a group project as the last assignment before finals. (It was one of 

It was my final year of high school in art class. The teacher passed out swatches, each hand-painted with a dozen unique, small squares, samplings of vibrant watercolors, dark and intriguing; each held colors you wouldn't normally find in the jumbo crayon box, on long strips of heavy paper. One strip of color per student. The teacher instructed us to reproduce each color we saw on our individual sample, as closely as we could match it, by mixing watercolor paint onto our pallette, in order to create a duplicate swatch of our own. This was to be taped directly underneath her own sample for grading 

I was enrolled in Anatomy &amp; Physiology I which would normally be a 16 week course, but I opted to take it during summer semester and therefore we only had 8 weeks to complete the entire course. Because of the time constraints, our professor explained to us that she had to do some “creative” assignments to make up for assignments that we wouldn’t have time to do that would have been a large part of our final grade in the regular course. (Basically, during a regular length course she would have several assignments that would help to cushion the grade. During the 8 weeks, we would have so few grad 

Even those that have been studying extensively were afraid to take their eyes off the textbooks for a mere second. On the rainy day, they were taking the final steps to prepare for a test which would determine their future. The whole class of dozens of brilliant students of the University of Copenhagen was silent, save for those repeating the learned curriculum out loud. The professor walks in holding the so feared object: the test papers. After him, a student enters. He saunters into the first seat he can find. The tests are served, and as as soon as the green light to turn them over has been 

I need to go anonymous on this one because where i am today is just because of that loophole and i dont want this to impact my future as i am getting a good salary and enjoying being on a good position just because of that. Moreover i dont want anyone to try this for the state exam i appeared as they may not have found the loophole yet.This was an engineering entrance exam for my state and this was the most important one because after 12th i had to come home due to some medical reasons so i could not continue studying for getting admission into IIT or AIEEE, I could not afford to fail in this  

Well, this went around Berkeley where I lived for awhile, not sure if it’s true, but it’s pretty epic: One question final for a Philosophy class: “What is courage?” One student scribbles an answer, walks up to the professor and hands her the paper with his answer: “This is.” Oh, I remembered another one. This wan’t an exam, it was an assignment, but it was pretty ingenious. This was an assignment in Graphic Design school. We had to design a font that would reflect the word of our choice. I chose the word “tennis” and made the letters so that they had the pattern of a tennis net, with a strip acros 

On a multiple choice exam, when the teacher had to make different sets of the same paper (to prevent students copying from each other), and in a bout of laziness decided to just shuffle the options, my fate was sealed (though the question paper was not) as I ended up getting that version of the paper which had the loophole. Ok, technically, it had two loopholes. I couldn’t help but feel the teacher had deliberately crafted this question as a sort of pun. The question with the loophole was ironically a question about filling up a missing statement in the body of a while loop (it was a programmin 

What should we do when everything does not happen as expected?
What should one do when everything doesn’t happen as expected ? There are two answers for this , one is simple but Hard to follow , second is little complex and hard to understand , so choose wisely . simple one : Just sit back and relax , wait and watch . why it is Hard to follow ? Argh ! Humans can’t do this as they lack paitence , sitting Idle specially in such situations is mentally depressing for most of the humans , so this way of dealing with problems is very effective if you can follow but it’s hard to follow because of Human tendency . The complex one : Understand the fact that life will a 

 My six-year-old son Jack loves nothing more than to bite into a big fresh lemon and eat the entire thing. Just ask him. “Daddy, can I have that lemon in the refrigerator?” “Honey, it’s very sour. You won’t like it.” “Yes I will!” “Jack, we had this same conversation last week. I gave you the lemon and you didn’t like it and we had to throw it away…remember?” “No, I did like it. I ate it. Can I please just have it? I promise I’ll eat it.” So I shrug my shoulders, break down and give it to him. Jack bites into the lemon and immediately gives me this surprised little look that says: “Daddy, how could you  

When I read your question, I had to laugh to myself because that is the story of my life. They say the best way to make God laugh is to tell him your plans and I totally agree. I’ve had most of my major plans for the future fall apart and I can honestly say that each and every one of them were due to circumstances beyond my control. Part of God’s plan for me perhaps? Another saying is that when a door is closed on you a window is opened and that has happened to me also. Again, part of God’s plan? Anyway, when faced with a situation, I calmly assess that situation and look for some logical alter 

There is this one skill that not many possess. Yet one that is easily adopted. Simply because every person has a seed of ‘rational’ inside of him. This skill was taught a very long time ago. Yet seems to be kind of forgotten thru the ages. Luckily we see more people exploring and learning it. Simply because of it effectiveness. So let's talk about how this works: Understand what is in your influence and what is notThere is only one thing that is within your influence: ‘your own actions’. So you should only concern yourself with one thing. And that is what you have influence over. Why concern your 

I’m answering as a peer not as some all knowing asshole. For me there’s a gonna be those times. Hey, today medical transportation was taking me to my therapist, it was a new driver, and it was raining out. Dude got very lost and I noticed he was going over the Mario cuomo bridge( used to be the tappan Zee) I go wow! What are u doing? You overshot the exit by at least 20 miles! I called the office and let them know I was going to be late bcuz I had a new driver. I didn’t get all nasty with the driver, or anxious about missing the appointment. My therapist called and told me bcuz of weather every 

When things don’t go as planned, simply get up, calibrate your path towards the goals you started out with and take small steps to make a fresh start. Either it’s the end of the journey or it is the bend in the journey. If it is the end of the journey you known it’s a fresh start for sure and the lessons from the previous journey are always going to be handy and a fresh list of goals would certainly help you find the motivation you are looking for. Change inspires and you have to ride that wave. Personally, for me several times things haven’t gone the way I expected, with people, business, ideas 

we expect a lot from life, from people and sometimes nothing seems to happen as we expect but is that the end of your life? of course not. And how boring your life will become if everything starts happening as you expected……. you will get this ideal life only with happiness no sadness in it. Right now i am going through a really bad patch, I am experiencing things i never expected i would experience and i think that’s the beauty of life isn’t it? you never know what is coming, life always has a way of surprising you whether you like it or not. So rather than complaining about the not-so-pleasa 

Life rarely if ever goes as planned making how we think a virtual priority. Thinking in terms of absolutes has been handed down from past generations for centuries and adapted to how we have been conditioned to raise our families. The same can be said for how we have been conditioned\indoctrinated to think, notwithstanding the continuous behavioral modification programming applied through digital\electronic media. What we see as a consequence is more and more of an escalation in people with extremes in unrealistic expectations, phobia’s, paranoia, anxiety\eating disorders, insecurities to ment 

Do I smell a stink of depondency in your question? Not to worry. All you need to do is to calm down and then analyse through questioning your goals, plans to achieve the same, execution methods, efforts, sincerity, consistency, constancy, realism of your goals and plans, etc. After detailed and honest analysis, if necessary, take the help of an experienced and mature person and re-plan. Success shall soon be at your feet. Do not waste your precious time crying over split milk. Instead go ahead with what is left. For calming down before you start the process of recalibration of your plans,etc.  

Just go with the flow, without questioning, and with the believe that God is with you and has their own plans for you, which are better than yours. Let me tell you a story- One night a man had a dream. He dreamt he was walking along the beach with the Lord. Across the sky flashed scenes from his life. For each scene he noticed two sets of footprints on the sand - one belonging to him and the other to the Lord. When the last scene had flashed before him, he looked back at the footprints and he noticed only one set. He also noticed that this happened during the lowest and saddest times of his life 

What are some life hacks for studying well?
Students are known to be the type of people with the fastest life. They have to be in various areas daily, accomplish tasks in multiple subjects, and keep in touch with the world. Therefore, many people find it hard to make out. Some even think it is not possible to be good. The following study hacks make student life simpler by increasing productivity levels, boost focus, help concentration, and eliminate distractions. Chew gum:  The action of chewing gum is genuinely a brain booster. And, as there are no severe side effects (such as there may be caffeine), chomping in your favorite flavor is a g 

Do this exercise: Count numbers from 1 to 100. 1, 2, 3, ---- , 100. Simple and easy, is it not? Now, do another exercise. ∙ Count numbers from 1 to 100. ∙ At the same time, sing a song. ∙ At the same time, message someone in Face book. ∙ At the same time, answer your friend who is talking to you. ∙ At the same time, watch your favorite show on TV. . At the same time, listen to your favorite music on your phone. ∙ At the same time, read your text book. Do the above things (all of them) at the exact same time. Are you able to do it? Are you able to count the numbers without fail – while you are doing a numb 

German college is brutal. Here’s how it works: You show up the first day, then the professor dumps 800 slides and a ton of materials on you. After that, class attendance isn’t mandatory, so naturally, you don’t go. At the end of the semester, you have to take one big ass exam that makes up 100% of your grade. *last night pre-exam cramming deluxe here we go* If you’re like me, then whenever there’s something you just have to do, you’ll try to do it with as little work as you can. Over the course of 10 semesters, I managed to put together a decent system with a good effort-reward ratio. Today, I wan 

Do not demonize rest.  We hear it around us all the time. Elon Musk works 14 hours per day. Marissa Mayer works 130 hours per week. Chinese children study 16 hours per day, or they’re considered lazy. I mean what the f*ck? This is what we’re preaching now? Mental self-destruction? Extreme burnout? Elevated risks of depression? Let me give you a personal example. I was born in Greece, but left it at a young age, so I neither knew how to speak, write or read Greek. In August, I studied self-teaching Greek. 1 hour every evening spent on Duolingo, learning phrases, basic grammar, words, etc. As of October,  

RIGHT BEFORE EXAMS Imagery (or whatever you call it) I always do these, especially for listed stuff because my trash brain can’t do lists. They’re supposed to make studying easier, but I’m a paragraph person. How to do this? Draw some random picture related to something you have to learn. Remember the picture then, not the words.  Excuse my terrible drawing. :D So now, most of you might be confused by what this is, let me explain. I took one of the easiest examples from my books, because the other lists are longer. Here is what I infer from this picture: CollenchymaProvides flexibility. (the girl bendi

 Go public. Have you tried reading a book at a public library or a cafe and noticed that you have insane level of concentration? People walking by and small distant chats do not really bother you at all. In fact, so focused that you don’t even feel like leaving your seat even though you wanna pee! Here’s why: Your bed is not near you anymore and hence its gravitational force is not strong enough to pull you.You have a feeling that someone is watching you, and hence you should behave properly and doing real work is the only option.You have spent $5 dollar on that small cup of latte and you think th

Here are some useful tips for students.. Evaluate how you learn. There is a theory that different people learn better in different ways and that by exposing yourself more to the method that works best for you, you’ll have an easier time studying. Now, there are studies which show that learning styles might not work, but many people feel like this does make a difference in their learning. You should feel free to experiment because as long as it works for you, that’s all that matters. Use caffeine carefully. Coffee, 5 Hour Energy, Red Bull….whatever your poison is, be careful when you pick it. Caf

1-Warming up your brain: Try mentally warming up your brain.Play funny games or any brian games that make your brain active and free your brian so that you can easily do the things. 2- Struggling in waking up in morning: This is what you can do. Put your phone into a glass ,like this.  So now you will never be late for your work. 3- Increase focus and concentration: In this era,we get distracted by hell lot of things due to which we can't complete our work and than regret later. This is all due to lack of focus and concentration on your work. Start listening to earthy sound or natural, which help us  

1. Walk Before An Exam It’s been proven that exercise can boost your memory and brain power. Research conducted by Dr. Chuck Hillman of the University of Illinois provides evidence that about 20 minutes exercise before an exam can improve performance. 2. Speak Out Loud Instead of Simply Reading Although this may make you look a little crazy, give it a go! You will be surprised how much more you can remember when you’ve said it out loud. Warning: Don’t try this in a crowded library! 3. Reward Yourself With A Treat There are many ways to integrate a reward system into your habits so you learn how to  

Positive transference https://www.google.co.uk/search?ei=NhjKWqvoNM3SwQL50ZSwDA&amp;q=positive+transference+in+learning&amp;oq=positive+transference+in+learning&amp;gs_l=psy-ab.3...31460.47465.0.48801.39.37.2.0.0.0.94.2301.37.37.0....0...1c.1.64.psy-ab..0.37.2190...0j35i39k1j0i22i30k1j0i22i10i30k1j33i160k1j33i21k1.0.PxlMSzswk18 Basically it is using what you already know to learn something newIf you learn to play a musical instrument, then learning a new instrument will obviously be easierThat is because you might have learned to read music, and have a musical style you are familiar with etc. Playing a m 

Which screenshot will get almost 10+ upvotes?
What are some life hacks for studying well?
Students are known to be the type of people with the fastest life. They have to be in various areas daily, accomplish tasks in multiple subjects, and keep in touch with the world. Therefore, many people find it hard to make out. Some even think it is not possible to be good. The following study hacks make student life simpler by increasing productivity levels, boost focus, help concentration, and eliminate distractions. Chew gum:  The action of chewing gum is genuinely a brain booster. And, as there are no severe side effects (such as there may be caffeine), chomping in your favorite flavor is a g 

Do this exercise: Count numbers from 1 to 100. 1, 2, 3, ---- , 100. Simple and easy, is it not? Now, do another exercise. ∙ Count numbers from 1 to 100. ∙ At the same time, sing a song. ∙ At the same time, message someone in Face book. ∙ At the same time, answer your friend who is talking to you. ∙ At the same time, watch your favorite show on TV. . At the same time, listen to your favorite music on your phone. ∙ At the same time, read your text book. Do the above things (all of them) at the exact same time. Are you able to do it? Are you able to count the numbers without fail – while you are doing a numb 

German college is brutal. Here’s how it works: You show up the first day, then the professor dumps 800 slides and a ton of materials on you. After that, class attendance isn’t mandatory, so naturally, you don’t go. At the end of the semester, you have to take one big ass exam that makes up 100% of your grade. *last night pre-exam cramming deluxe here we go* If you’re like me, then whenever there’s something you just have to do, you’ll try to do it with as little work as you can. Over the course of 10 semesters, I managed to put together a decent system with a good effort-reward ratio. Today, I wan 

Do not demonize rest.  We hear it around us all the time. Elon Musk works 14 hours per day. Marissa Mayer works 130 hours per week. Chinese children study 16 hours per day, or they’re considered lazy. I mean what the f*ck? This is what we’re preaching now? Mental self-destruction? Extreme burnout? Elevated risks of depression? Let me give you a personal example. I was born in Greece, but left it at a young age, so I neither knew how to speak, write or read Greek. In August, I studied self-teaching Greek. 1 hour every evening spent on Duolingo, learning phrases, basic grammar, words, etc. As of October,  

RIGHT BEFORE EXAMS Imagery (or whatever you call it) I always do these, especially for listed stuff because my trash brain can’t do lists. They’re supposed to make studying easier, but I’m a paragraph person. How to do this? Draw some random picture related to something you have to learn. Remember the picture then, not the words.  Excuse my terrible drawing. :D So now, most of you might be confused by what this is, let me explain. I took one of the easiest examples from my books, because the other lists are longer. Here is what I infer from this picture: CollenchymaProvides flexibility. (the girl bendi

 Go public. Have you tried reading a book at a public library or a cafe and noticed that you have insane level of concentration? People walking by and small distant chats do not really bother you at all. In fact, so focused that you don’t even feel like leaving your seat even though you wanna pee! Here’s why: Your bed is not near you anymore and hence its gravitational force is not strong enough to pull you.You have a feeling that someone is watching you, and hence you should behave properly and doing real work is the only option.You have spent $5 dollar on that small cup of latte and you think th

Here are some useful tips for students.. Evaluate how you learn. There is a theory that different people learn better in different ways and that by exposing yourself more to the method that works best for you, you’ll have an easier time studying. Now, there are studies which show that learning styles might not work, but many people feel like this does make a difference in their learning. You should feel free to experiment because as long as it works for you, that’s all that matters. Use caffeine carefully. Coffee, 5 Hour Energy, Red Bull….whatever your poison is, be careful when you pick it. Caf

1-Warming up your brain: Try mentally warming up your brain.Play funny games or any brian games that make your brain active and free your brian so that you can easily do the things. 2- Struggling in waking up in morning: This is what you can do. Put your phone into a glass ,like this.  So now you will never be late for your work. 3- Increase focus and concentration: In this era,we get distracted by hell lot of things due to which we can't complete our work and than regret later. This is all due to lack of focus and concentration on your work. Start listening to earthy sound or natural, which help us  

1. Walk Before An Exam It’s been proven that exercise can boost your memory and brain power. Research conducted by Dr. Chuck Hillman of the University of Illinois provides evidence that about 20 minutes exercise before an exam can improve performance. 2. Speak Out Loud Instead of Simply Reading Although this may make you look a little crazy, give it a go! You will be surprised how much more you can remember when you’ve said it out loud. Warning: Don’t try this in a crowded library! 3. Reward Yourself With A Treat There are many ways to integrate a reward system into your habits so you learn how to  

Positive transference https://www.google.co.uk/search?ei=NhjKWqvoNM3SwQL50ZSwDA&amp;q=positive+transference+in+learning&amp;oq=positive+transference+in+learning&amp;gs_l=psy-ab.3...31460.47465.0.48801.39.37.2.0.0.0.94.2301.37.37.0....0...1c.1.64.psy-ab..0.37.2190...0j35i39k1j0i22i30k1j0i22i10i30k1j33i160k1j33i21k1.0.PxlMSzswk18 Basically it is using what you already know to learn something newIf you learn to play a musical instrument, then learning a new instrument will obviously be easierThat is because you might have learned to read music, and have a musical style you are familiar with etc. Playing a m 

Which country has the toughest math syllabus?
If you want to ask for the country with the hardest Math curriculum, then I suggest you to look through Asian and Russian Math program. By talking about Asian, I would like you to look through Indian, Vietnamese, Chinese, Korean, Japanese, and Singaporean Math curriculum. I will take examples from what Vietnamese Math looks like. From that, I think that you will have some idea of what does the Math in Asia and Russia look like in general. As a specialized student in Physics, the Math I studied was extremely rigorous, and require not only hard working but natural talents also. However, the Math  

This question is phrased too vaguely. What is "hardest"? The breadth, depth or mastery requirement? And are you looking at the minimum requirement or the level must be achieve to get into a top school? Are you looking at the average level or the top level? Are you asking about high school, college, or PhD level? I'll take the liberty here and assume the OP wants to know which country is most successful at teaching math to students and produces most mathematicians. The reason I want to answer (despite the question being too ambiguous) is that (1) all the other answers are not really to the point 

As far as I know, probably France has the hardest Mathematics curriculum. In France, in fact, Mathematics is not only an important subject, but also the criterion of a real social sorting, allowing you to ascend to the highest ranks in the government or in the private sector and has therefore an extremely high consideration in the eyes of french students. The vast majority of the students who intend to pursue studies in the fields of science or engineering, spend the first two years (sometimes more) of their tertiary education attending the (in)famous classes préparatoires aux grandes écoles. Du 

Probably not the hardest, but one of the hardest. This is how math looks like in Romanian schools. First and Second Grade Third and Fourth Grade Fifth Grade Sixth Grade Seventh Grade Eighth Grade Ninth Grade Tenth Grade Eleventh Grade And finally, twelfth grade P.S: Alright, so I feel like I need to clarify something. Romanian school is quite different from American school for example: here we don’t get to chose what classes we take, instead we chose a section, that contains multiple classes (math, romanian, geography etc). Romanian Math is divided in 3 difficulty levels: M1 - The hardest math (only the ki 

I am not a Singaporean myself but after seeing the level of math that my Singaporean friends do at high school level, I would vouch for Singapore. You can look at their curriculum. Look up Singaporean A-level or NTU entrance exams. They encompass a wide range of topics like poisson distribution, etc. These would be the things that US high school students don't learn. In addition, here in the US, most of high school students who plan to do engineering have not taken calculus yet. They are not required.  I also think that some other Asian countries such as China and South Korea are not too far beh 

I teach math privately in Singapore. My students range from Primary 1 to Secondary 4. I think math can be incredibly difficult for a young child in Singapore if the parents do not prepare them adequately. Some observations: To do well in Primary School math, students need to have good command of English language. To answer the math questions, esp those “word problems”, you need to know what is required in the first place. Examples are shown later.The national exam taken by all 12-year-old in Singapore (PSLE) can be especially tough if the students (and parents) are not prepared for it. This is e

I can only talk about my personal experience and am not exposed to comparative study of maths in different countries. When I was 15 living in Saigon, Vietnam, my sister was preparing for entrance exams to US universities so I had the opportunity to have a look at the questions in those college entrance exam preparation books. As I recall, the math/physics questions were rather easy and I could have passed those exams. After graduated from the top Vietnamese high school my parents sent me to Belgium for engineering school (Faculte Polytechnique de Mons). Its entrance exam consisted of 7 subjects  

I was a Chinese student studied in traditional Chinese junior high before and now I am studying in international school. Obviously I could understand the painstaking experience of finishing an extremely tedious mathematic problem back in a Chinese local school.But I found that the problems created and published by Chinese are all with great depth but without great width. Some great examples for this are that in junior high we studied plane geometry merely rather than cubic one.We did a little bit about trigonometry but there were no extended things about it.We studied how to solve the two linear 

China and Korea, hands down. The main European countries of France, Germany and the UK are nowhere as far as difficulty.  This graph kind of shows a point, though doesn’t include China and Hong-Kong. Both sit with Korea at the top of this graph. Even some countries in the Middle East, including Israel and Iran, start to touch China and Korea, with the reasons for their exclusions being political in nature, not academic. You may see answers which attempt to create a link between International Mathematics Olympiad (IMO) or even Field Medals won for academic research. This isn’t an accurate nor fair 

To give you an idea, the upper quarter of US students finish AP calc when they graduate. If they take the Chinese Gaokao, entrance exam for universities, they would completely fail. Like, literal, entire, complete, failure. Put a Chinese student to the ACT, however, if you do the translation, around 50% of them or up, would get a perfect score on the Math section. The thing is, this isn’t Racism or anything. Our education systems are fundamentally different. The way that the United States puts the standardized test, makes it impossible to tell a students mathematical ability by their grades or te 

Which country has the toughest math syllabus?
If you want to ask for the country with the hardest Math curriculum, then I suggest you to look through Asian and Russian Math program. By talking about Asian, I would like you to look through Indian, Vietnamese, Chinese, Korean, Japanese, and Singaporean Math curriculum. I will take examples from what Vietnamese Math looks like. From that, I think that you will have some idea of what does the Math in Asia and Russia look like in general. As a specialized student in Physics, the Math I studied was extremely rigorous, and require not only hard working but natural talents also. However, the Math  

This question is phrased too vaguely. What is "hardest"? The breadth, depth or mastery requirement? And are you looking at the minimum requirement or the level must be achieve to get into a top school? Are you looking at the average level or the top level? Are you asking about high school, college, or PhD level? I'll take the liberty here and assume the OP wants to know which country is most successful at teaching math to students and produces most mathematicians. The reason I want to answer (despite the question being too ambiguous) is that (1) all the other answers are not really to the point 

As far as I know, probably France has the hardest Mathematics curriculum. In France, in fact, Mathematics is not only an important subject, but also the criterion of a real social sorting, allowing you to ascend to the highest ranks in the government or in the private sector and has therefore an extremely high consideration in the eyes of french students. The vast majority of the students who intend to pursue studies in the fields of science or engineering, spend the first two years (sometimes more) of their tertiary education attending the (in)famous classes préparatoires aux grandes écoles. Du 

Probably not the hardest, but one of the hardest. This is how math looks like in Romanian schools. First and Second Grade Third and Fourth Grade Fifth Grade Sixth Grade Seventh Grade Eighth Grade Ninth Grade Tenth Grade Eleventh Grade And finally, twelfth grade P.S: Alright, so I feel like I need to clarify something. Romanian school is quite different from American school for example: here we don’t get to chose what classes we take, instead we chose a section, that contains multiple classes (math, romanian, geography etc). Romanian Math is divided in 3 difficulty levels: M1 - The hardest math (only the ki 

I am not a Singaporean myself but after seeing the level of math that my Singaporean friends do at high school level, I would vouch for Singapore. You can look at their curriculum. Look up Singaporean A-level or NTU entrance exams. They encompass a wide range of topics like poisson distribution, etc. These would be the things that US high school students don't learn. In addition, here in the US, most of high school students who plan to do engineering have not taken calculus yet. They are not required.  I also think that some other Asian countries such as China and South Korea are not too far beh 

I teach math privately in Singapore. My students range from Primary 1 to Secondary 4. I think math can be incredibly difficult for a young child in Singapore if the parents do not prepare them adequately. Some observations: To do well in Primary School math, students need to have good command of English language. To answer the math questions, esp those “word problems”, you need to know what is required in the first place. Examples are shown later.The national exam taken by all 12-year-old in Singapore (PSLE) can be especially tough if the students (and parents) are not prepared for it. This is e

I can only talk about my personal experience and am not exposed to comparative study of maths in different countries. When I was 15 living in Saigon, Vietnam, my sister was preparing for entrance exams to US universities so I had the opportunity to have a look at the questions in those college entrance exam preparation books. As I recall, the math/physics questions were rather easy and I could have passed those exams. After graduated from the top Vietnamese high school my parents sent me to Belgium for engineering school (Faculte Polytechnique de Mons). Its entrance exam consisted of 7 subjects  

I was a Chinese student studied in traditional Chinese junior high before and now I am studying in international school. Obviously I could understand the painstaking experience of finishing an extremely tedious mathematic problem back in a Chinese local school.But I found that the problems created and published by Chinese are all with great depth but without great width. Some great examples for this are that in junior high we studied plane geometry merely rather than cubic one.We did a little bit about trigonometry but there were no extended things about it.We studied how to solve the two linear 

China and Korea, hands down. The main European countries of France, Germany and the UK are nowhere as far as difficulty.  This graph kind of shows a point, though doesn’t include China and Hong-Kong. Both sit with Korea at the top of this graph. Even some countries in the Middle East, including Israel and Iran, start to touch China and Korea, with the reasons for their exclusions being political in nature, not academic. You may see answers which attempt to create a link between International Mathematics Olympiad (IMO) or even Field Medals won for academic research. This isn’t an accurate nor fair 

To give you an idea, the upper quarter of US students finish AP calc when they graduate. If they take the Chinese Gaokao, entrance exam for universities, they would completely fail. Like, literal, entire, complete, failure. Put a Chinese student to the ACT, however, if you do the translation, around 50% of them or up, would get a perfect score on the Math section. The thing is, this isn’t Racism or anything. Our education systems are fundamentally different. The way that the United States puts the standardized test, makes it impossible to tell a students mathematical ability by their grades or te 

Which country has the toughest math syllabus?
If you want to ask for the country with the hardest Math curriculum, then I suggest you to look through Asian and Russian Math program. By talking about Asian, I would like you to look through Indian, Vietnamese, Chinese, Korean, Japanese, and Singaporean Math curriculum. I will take examples from what Vietnamese Math looks like. From that, I think that you will have some idea of what does the Math in Asia and Russia look like in general. As a specialized student in Physics, the Math I studied was extremely rigorous, and require not only hard working but natural talents also. However, the Math  

This question is phrased too vaguely. What is "hardest"? The breadth, depth or mastery requirement? And are you looking at the minimum requirement or the level must be achieve to get into a top school? Are you looking at the average level or the top level? Are you asking about high school, college, or PhD level? I'll take the liberty here and assume the OP wants to know which country is most successful at teaching math to students and produces most mathematicians. The reason I want to answer (despite the question being too ambiguous) is that (1) all the other answers are not really to the point 

As far as I know, probably France has the hardest Mathematics curriculum. In France, in fact, Mathematics is not only an important subject, but also the criterion of a real social sorting, allowing you to ascend to the highest ranks in the government or in the private sector and has therefore an extremely high consideration in the eyes of french students. The vast majority of the students who intend to pursue studies in the fields of science or engineering, spend the first two years (sometimes more) of their tertiary education attending the (in)famous classes préparatoires aux grandes écoles. Du 

Probably not the hardest, but one of the hardest. This is how math looks like in Romanian schools. First and Second Grade Third and Fourth Grade Fifth Grade Sixth Grade Seventh Grade Eighth Grade Ninth Grade Tenth Grade Eleventh Grade And finally, twelfth grade P.S: Alright, so I feel like I need to clarify something. Romanian school is quite different from American school for example: here we don’t get to chose what classes we take, instead we chose a section, that contains multiple classes (math, romanian, geography etc). Romanian Math is divided in 3 difficulty levels: M1 - The hardest math (only the ki 

I am not a Singaporean myself but after seeing the level of math that my Singaporean friends do at high school level, I would vouch for Singapore. You can look at their curriculum. Look up Singaporean A-level or NTU entrance exams. They encompass a wide range of topics like poisson distribution, etc. These would be the things that US high school students don't learn. In addition, here in the US, most of high school students who plan to do engineering have not taken calculus yet. They are not required.  I also think that some other Asian countries such as China and South Korea are not too far beh 

I teach math privately in Singapore. My students range from Primary 1 to Secondary 4. I think math can be incredibly difficult for a young child in Singapore if the parents do not prepare them adequately. Some observations: To do well in Primary School math, students need to have good command of English language. To answer the math questions, esp those “word problems”, you need to know what is required in the first place. Examples are shown later.The national exam taken by all 12-year-old in Singapore (PSLE) can be especially tough if the students (and parents) are not prepared for it. This is e

I can only talk about my personal experience and am not exposed to comparative study of maths in different countries. When I was 15 living in Saigon, Vietnam, my sister was preparing for entrance exams to US universities so I had the opportunity to have a look at the questions in those college entrance exam preparation books. As I recall, the math/physics questions were rather easy and I could have passed those exams. After graduated from the top Vietnamese high school my parents sent me to Belgium for engineering school (Faculte Polytechnique de Mons). Its entrance exam consisted of 7 subjects  

I was a Chinese student studied in traditional Chinese junior high before and now I am studying in international school. Obviously I could understand the painstaking experience of finishing an extremely tedious mathematic problem back in a Chinese local school.But I found that the problems created and published by Chinese are all with great depth but without great width. Some great examples for this are that in junior high we studied plane geometry merely rather than cubic one.We did a little bit about trigonometry but there were no extended things about it.We studied how to solve the two linear 

China and Korea, hands down. The main European countries of France, Germany and the UK are nowhere as far as difficulty.  This graph kind of shows a point, though doesn’t include China and Hong-Kong. Both sit with Korea at the top of this graph. Even some countries in the Middle East, including Israel and Iran, start to touch China and Korea, with the reasons for their exclusions being political in nature, not academic. You may see answers which attempt to create a link between International Mathematics Olympiad (IMO) or even Field Medals won for academic research. This isn’t an accurate nor fair 

To give you an idea, the upper quarter of US students finish AP calc when they graduate. If they take the Chinese Gaokao, entrance exam for universities, they would completely fail. Like, literal, entire, complete, failure. Put a Chinese student to the ACT, however, if you do the translation, around 50% of them or up, would get a perfect score on the Math section. The thing is, this isn’t Racism or anything. Our education systems are fundamentally different. The way that the United States puts the standardized test, makes it impossible to tell a students mathematical ability by their grades or te 

What are some life hacks for studying well?
Students are known to be the type of people with the fastest life. They have to be in various areas daily, accomplish tasks in multiple subjects, and keep in touch with the world. Therefore, many people find it hard to make out. Some even think it is not possible to be good. The following study hacks make student life simpler by increasing productivity levels, boost focus, help concentration, and eliminate distractions. Chew gum:  The action of chewing gum is genuinely a brain booster. And, as there are no severe side effects (such as there may be caffeine), chomping in your favorite flavor is a g 

Do this exercise: Count numbers from 1 to 100. 1, 2, 3, ---- , 100. Simple and easy, is it not? Now, do another exercise. ∙ Count numbers from 1 to 100. ∙ At the same time, sing a song. ∙ At the same time, message someone in Face book. ∙ At the same time, answer your friend who is talking to you. ∙ At the same time, watch your favorite show on TV. . At the same time, listen to your favorite music on your phone. ∙ At the same time, read your text book. Do the above things (all of them) at the exact same time. Are you able to do it? Are you able to count the numbers without fail – while you are doing a numb 

German college is brutal. Here’s how it works: You show up the first day, then the professor dumps 800 slides and a ton of materials on you. After that, class attendance isn’t mandatory, so naturally, you don’t go. At the end of the semester, you have to take one big ass exam that makes up 100% of your grade. *last night pre-exam cramming deluxe here we go* If you’re like me, then whenever there’s something you just have to do, you’ll try to do it with as little work as you can. Over the course of 10 semesters, I managed to put together a decent system with a good effort-reward ratio. Today, I wan 

Do not demonize rest.  We hear it around us all the time. Elon Musk works 14 hours per day. Marissa Mayer works 130 hours per week. Chinese children study 16 hours per day, or they’re considered lazy. I mean what the f*ck? This is what we’re preaching now? Mental self-destruction? Extreme burnout? Elevated risks of depression? Let me give you a personal example. I was born in Greece, but left it at a young age, so I neither knew how to speak, write or read Greek. In August, I studied self-teaching Greek. 1 hour every evening spent on Duolingo, learning phrases, basic grammar, words, etc. As of October,  

RIGHT BEFORE EXAMS Imagery (or whatever you call it) I always do these, especially for listed stuff because my trash brain can’t do lists. They’re supposed to make studying easier, but I’m a paragraph person. How to do this? Draw some random picture related to something you have to learn. Remember the picture then, not the words.  Excuse my terrible drawing. :D So now, most of you might be confused by what this is, let me explain. I took one of the easiest examples from my books, because the other lists are longer. Here is what I infer from this picture: CollenchymaProvides flexibility. (the girl bendi

 Go public. Have you tried reading a book at a public library or a cafe and noticed that you have insane level of concentration? People walking by and small distant chats do not really bother you at all. In fact, so focused that you don’t even feel like leaving your seat even though you wanna pee! Here’s why: Your bed is not near you anymore and hence its gravitational force is not strong enough to pull you.You have a feeling that someone is watching you, and hence you should behave properly and doing real work is the only option.You have spent $5 dollar on that small cup of latte and you think th

Here are some useful tips for students.. Evaluate how you learn. There is a theory that different people learn better in different ways and that by exposing yourself more to the method that works best for you, you’ll have an easier time studying. Now, there are studies which show that learning styles might not work, but many people feel like this does make a difference in their learning. You should feel free to experiment because as long as it works for you, that’s all that matters. Use caffeine carefully. Coffee, 5 Hour Energy, Red Bull….whatever your poison is, be careful when you pick it. Caf

1-Warming up your brain: Try mentally warming up your brain.Play funny games or any brian games that make your brain active and free your brian so that you can easily do the things. 2- Struggling in waking up in morning: This is what you can do. Put your phone into a glass ,like this.  So now you will never be late for your work. 3- Increase focus and concentration: In this era,we get distracted by hell lot of things due to which we can't complete our work and than regret later. This is all due to lack of focus and concentration on your work. Start listening to earthy sound or natural, which help us  

1. Walk Before An Exam It’s been proven that exercise can boost your memory and brain power. Research conducted by Dr. Chuck Hillman of the University of Illinois provides evidence that about 20 minutes exercise before an exam can improve performance. 2. Speak Out Loud Instead of Simply Reading Although this may make you look a little crazy, give it a go! You will be surprised how much more you can remember when you’ve said it out loud. Warning: Don’t try this in a crowded library! 3. Reward Yourself With A Treat There are many ways to integrate a reward system into your habits so you learn how to  

Positive transference https://www.google.co.uk/search?ei=NhjKWqvoNM3SwQL50ZSwDA&amp;q=positive+transference+in+learning&amp;oq=positive+transference+in+learning&amp;gs_l=psy-ab.3...31460.47465.0.48801.39.37.2.0.0.0.94.2301.37.37.0....0...1c.1.64.psy-ab..0.37.2190...0j35i39k1j0i22i30k1j0i22i10i30k1j33i160k1j33i21k1.0.PxlMSzswk18 Basically it is using what you already know to learn something newIf you learn to play a musical instrument, then learning a new instrument will obviously be easierThat is because you might have learned to read music, and have a musical style you are familiar with etc. Playing a m 

What is the salary for a part time job in Germany?
What is the salary for a part time job in Germany?
I'm an international student. How can I find part time job in Australia?
Which is the best province in Canada for international students to study and as well as earn part-time?
What do the elderly or seniors who have retired like to do to pass the time? Is working on a casual/part time still an option?
Which is the best province in Canada for international students to study and as well as earn part-time?
Can I drive Ola or Uber taxi part time at evening and night? I want 150k INR for my start up. Which part time job will give me a good salary? Will it give me a good money?
Can I cover my living expenses doing part-time jobs in Germany?
What made you say “I'm not paid enough to deal with this”, and did you actually deal with it?
Is it easy to get part time jobs in Canada for international students? Which jobs are easier to get?
What's something on an employee's first day that sets off red flags?
Immediately following this incident: Toby Dillon's answer to What was the most legendary “I quit!” that you know about or witnessed? I had this one: Sexual Harassment Decades ago, I was a young man who happened to also be Assistant Manager for an ice cream shop. As the weather warmed in Utah, we determined that we needed to hire an additional worker for the morning/lunch shift. It would be the two of us from 10 am–6 pm. I had not met the new employee before, so my boss was there at opening to introduce us, but then hurried on to other tasks elsewhere, leaving us alone to start the shift. I set her 

I worked with a man, who, on his first day, came into my office, sat down, and proceeded to tell me about how he had recently been unfairly thrown out of an MBA program. I’ll spare you the details related to his story, all of which I fully believed at the time. One red flag should have been that he was taking up a lot of my time talking when both of us needed to be working. I soon learned that he never worked. He seemed to have no compunction about this, either. He generally hid behind others and let them do all the work for him until they complained to me, asking for my help in the situation. W 

Q: What's something on an employee's first day that sets off red flags? Showing up three hours late. First day on the job, most people would be excited, right? Most people would want to make a good impression. Most people might even scope out parking and such ahead of time so they don’t come in late. Well, back in the day, we were buying a large consignment of computers, so large that the vendor agreed to send us an extra hand to help get them all configured and deployed. Sweet deal. Everybody wins. Only this guy shows up late. Three hours late. Okay, well he’s a contractor, and that’s odd. I mean, 

My personal experience setting off a red flag My boss at the time told me about that during my first performance review and ever since then I learned to not do it again. Please keep in mind that this was my first job out of university so I was very naive back then. I was 21 at the time and was also was not completely thrilled by my first job either since it wasn’t my first, second or third choice for a job. This is what I said on my first day: I noticed that you worked at X Company before, it’s actually a company that I have been interested in working for, for a long time. However I was rejected  

I was a programmer. I had worked at a company I loved for 11 years. But, the system I had worked on was being retired, and I was tired of the 32-mile commute each way, so I was looking for a closer job using the same skill set I already had. And this new place seemed to be a great fit — 8 miles away, an insurance company. I interviewed with the head of IT, among others. The IT head was also a member of the school board, and a respected member of the community. He offered me the job, and I accepted. On my first day, I went through orientation with my supervisor, walking through the building, and  

 A new employee walks into the office at 9:00 a.m. sharp and gets ready to start his first day. He walks around a little to familiarize himself with the office layout, find the bathrooms, the break rooms, the offices, make some coffee, and meet his coworkers. Then he gets settled into his work station, arranging his new desk and setting up his computer. Now what’s wrong with this scenario? Most people will say, “Nothing. He’s doing everything he’s supposed to.” While it may be true that the employee hasn’t technically done anything wrong, he has raised a huge red flag. That’s because, while walkin 

I was really excited when “Tom” joined us as VP of Sales. Tom had come highly recommended from two of our board members that had previously worked with Tom. The rest of the board met with Tom and they were all enthusiastically thumbs up. I couldn’t wait for Tom to join us. Tom came into the office around 9AM. I met with him, and Tom told me, “Brett, I’m playing hurt. I have a condition in my knees, so I can’t fly.” I should have asked Tom, “Why didn’t you tell me this during the interview process?” But I didn’t. More importantly, Tom’s lack of openness with me was a red flag. I don’t think I would  

Good question! For a quick answer, look to the bolder parts. :)  Background: I work in construction for my town so a lot of the time we are out on busy roads blocking lanes or closing off one lane to work on the side of the road. This is very dangerous work so the employees who are working need to be prepared, alert, and ready to make fast decisions that could save lives. If one thing goes terribly wrong, it could mean injury or death. And since we all work very close to each other, it could be any random person that gets harmed (including civilians not involved in the job in any way). However, th 

Telling other people how to do their job better when you are still a new hire. I’ve seen everyone from entry level Millenials to VP level Baby Boomers fall for this one. It’s always an unwritten no-no and major red flag. You should NEVER do this even if you held that person’s job title before, are really smart and 100% certain you are doing them a favor by helping them out. Giving people you’ve just met advice always makes you look arrogant, even if you are right. More importantly, usually the new hire giving advice is wrong for reasons that are not immediately obvious and would take working in  

I’ve come across so many things that are red flags from an employee’s first day. Here’s my list of red flags: They show up super late (like 1–2 hours late) to new hire orientation without calling, texting, emailing anyone and casually stroll in and seem surprised they were supposed to be in the office at a specific time (despite having had a phone conversation + follow up email with the details)They suddenly tell you about some strange religious requirement they have that prevents them from doing some portion of their job. To be clear, not like normal religious things, more like completely made

When should you walk out of a job interview?
I went for an interview at a small High Tech company, a startup really but they had been around a while and their technology had quite a reputation, it was leading edge. The role was a Jr manager role, overseeing a few staff but the main part was to come up with a strategy and implement it for the first time, the role was brand new. So I was super excited about such an opportunity. Until the interviews. This company had 3 owners/partners who were very different people and absolutely hated each other. It reminded me of a couple you know are on the verge of divorce because they are vicious with ea 

Sometimes it’s best to walk out of an interview before it even begins. I applied for a Retail Sales Professional position at a Comcast store. After jumping through the first couple layers of hoops, the recruiter set me up with an interview. I arrived at the store 15 minutes ahead of my scheduled interview with two copies of my resume as instructed in the interview confirmation email. I immediately checked in with a representative at the first customer service counter, and he entered my name into the computer, and advised me to have a seat in the waiting area. At about 11:54am, a young man in a g 

I have a few examples! When I was young and too inexperienced to walk out, this incredibly awful person leaned back in his chair, threw his two feet up on the desk, and starts to bemoan his travel/lack of sleep at the start of the interview. I am in a professional suit, full make-up, resume in hand - for nothing! After a huge, open mouth sound-filled yawn, and a disinterested sideways glance, he says “…so do you really want this job or not?” Stunned, and young, I murmur “yes, of course,” but all I wanted was for this terrible “interview” to end. I had a woman at a DC association keep me waiting 

When they cross the bright red line, you are right to walk out. Be careful you are not misunderstanding them. They might make a statement or ask something you interpret as across the line. Only you can make this judgment. Of course, you are burning a bridge. Not only this person and this company, but everyone in their network, which might pop up in surprising places. This will show up with interviews not set (which you will never see). It’s great to stand up for your principles. But be practical. Unless you are being sexually harassed or insulted, I advise you to be polite and wait for the intervi 

I feel that below answers are coming from people that was hurt during their interview process. Therefore, I feel I should share some of my insights for this matter, in a more calm n subtle way: Don’t walk-out unless you feel physically/ mentally threatened or abused, (which should never really happen).Other people’s rudeness/ politeness does not really matter for your career.The important thing to keep in mind is that YOU should be polite.Try to listen the whole package/ job description they are offering.Check for any red flags! This is important. Don’t be that inexperienced rookie who accept t

There are precious few times that you should walk out of a job interview. If the interviewer makes clearly inappropriate offensive sexist, racist, homophobic, anti-Semitic comments, you should run and not just walk out of the interview. If the hiring manager or interviewer makes rude, dismissive or condescending comments, give him/her a moment to redeem themselves. If this type of behavior continues, then you should do the following: 1. Politely explain how the person’s tone, attitude and statements crossed the line and that you don’t feel comfortable continuing the discussion. Don’t feel the pre 

Well from my own experience of interviews, i always waited until told the interview was over, i don’t think that you should walk out of an interview, until the interviewer has finished with you, as it could be seen as very bad form, lessening your chances. i guess you could ask in a polite way, if that is it? But the interviewer might get get the idea that you are more interested in getting on with your day, and your mind is not focused on the task in hand. At least, if I was an interviewer that is what I would think! so I think the only way is to wait until you are dismissed. This would seem  

When there is no possible value that you can get out of the interview, walk out. I was a non candidate in several interviews. Once the interviewer was told to interview from my division as we were being cut. He had no intention Ito hire me. In the interview, he tried to talk me out of wanting the job. He asked me why I wanted the the position, I explained I had several years of teaching experience and felt qualified. He returned with well you you will not teach in this position. You will be writing lesson plans only. We had 30 minutes of questions and answers. He would ask a question. I would  

Spoiler: Never. I have to say I can't think of a reasonable thing other than a fire or threat to your safety to leave an interview. Every interview is valuable experience for the next one. I've had interviews before where I left and felt totally insulted by the interviewer in what I assumed was a personal issue but I also remained professional and on goal. That doesn't mean you have to want the job, if the interview goes horribly … like mine did, I'll politely excuse myself from the position by email. If they treat you poorly in an interview how well will they treat you as an employee? But again  

hopes I believe the only reason to walk out of an interview is if you feel you are in danger or in an abusive or triggering situation. This is an internal gut check. If you feel this thank the interviewer and exit with a statement like…I don't think this is the right fit for me. Other than those extremes many people want to walk out because of discomfort. To this I first state it is natural to feel neurvous, anxious or experience a stage fright reaction for an interview. We bring our goals, values, expectations, bills, family, dreams, fears, shames and hopes. I suggest above all, stay professional  

What did the job interviewer say that made you NOT accept the job offer?
It was the whole interview, and it was more of a combination of “too good to be true", and a gut instinct which made me hesitate in accepting the role. I was 18, naive, inexperienced and had just completed my first year of training as an accountant. So altogether not very impressive at this stage: the first rung on a ladder of 5-7 years plus, about equivalent to 1 GCSE/high school grade - in other words still very green/junior. I'd been out of work and looking for a new job for a couple of months, and had applied for one which was a slight stretch for my current position, but I thought it might  

When i came back from Libya, my brother helped me to get a job. He met a woman in a night club - they were talking together and she told him: “I work in a job agency - send your sister to me.” When i arrived in the agency (i had sent my documents before by e-mail), she said: ”My boss wants to talk to you - sorry.” I went to the boss’s office. It was a “lady”. Why quotation marks? She did not even greet me, she pointed on a chair and started talking: “Why do you think you will get hired here in Switzerland?” I wanted to answer but she was on a roll: “I now tell you how people perceive your CV! And 

In my industry, there’s a vast shortage of skilled, experienced professionals. It’s not exactly difficult to get a job; even easier an interview. So, the companies compete need to put in effort attracting talent, especially the devoted nerdy kind who’s passionate about the code. Bossing applicant into submission.— ”Tell my why I should hire you.”— ”Oh, if you don’t know that by now, you probably shouldn’t…” [walks towards the door]2. Pushing responsibility onto applicant.— ”Tell me why you want to work here.”— ”I know to little for an informed decision but I was hoping that you’d tell me.” 

What did the job interviewer say that made you NOT accept the job offer? “Our devs normally work about a 12-hour day…” When I was still up North and looking for a way to relocate further South, I got a hit from a small younger company that needed a lead software dev for their dev group. The person on the phone was describing the software product as a database-backed “Business Intelligence” system (remember when people first started using the term “BI” and it was a buzzword?). Company structure was basically two tiers - the president of the company and everyone else. These kinds of environments ca 

At the conclusion of an interview for a company in need of a general HR Manager, I realized this was one of those great experiences where I hit it off with the General Manager and the other people on the hiring panel. We were laughing and sharing stories off the record and pens down. We clicked and I had a great feeling, which just intensified when the GM asked me to stick around so the owner could meet me. About ten minutes later, I stood up to greet a gruff-looking older man in a well-worn suit. He looked like an air traffic controller in the middle of a bad storm with fifty birds in the air, 

I was interviewing for a bartender position, at a very upscale restaurant. Usually, this position pays a small hourly wage, because it's going to be supplemented by tips, as well as tip out from the servers. The manager was offering a hourly rate much higher than normal, so I was really interested in the position. We went over my experience, my knowledge of spirits and wines, and the job seemed in the bag. We talked about my availability, and then, almost as I was leaving, he mentioned that I would only be in the bar for maybe two shifts a week, the other three, I'd be a server on the dining roo 

I was 25 and was already looking for a career change. I was grinding it out in the financial world and wanted to get in touch with my creative side so naturally I go the opposite way from being at a bulge bracket bank. I apply to a startup. I applied through my alma mater’s job portal which directly hit the founding team’s inbox. It was for a Biz Dev job that I knew I could do well in. The next day, I get an email asking if I would be available to come in for an interview that same week. I agree and was very excited. I like it when things are quick. I come in and enter the building to their office  

I’ll go one step further and describe an interview that actually led to me calling the HR executive team afterwards and warning of a lawsuit. I was interviewing at a large insurance company that will remain nameless. They had me come in to meet with the new sales manager. I was told they had been cleaning house, and this was the guy that would “save the branch.” Well… he was an idiot and knew nothing about sales, and I figured that out rather quickly. For those that don’t understand sales, or get a bad taste in their mouths just hearing about it, let me be clear that it is not an easy job, but i 

There were two instances of this happening. Both of them were while I had a job and was just looking to see what was out there, so there was no need to just take a job. I am an industrial mechanic/journeyman millwright with over 25 years experience. In the last 10 years or so, it has been an employee’s market, with more job openings than qualified applicants. It also must be said that this is an area of industry that is full of job hoppers. Experienced industrial mechanics can get another job in less than 2 weeks of searching and will leave a job for any reason and move on elsewhere. Having a lo 

I had been working as a software developer in a university research lab. I was getting really tired of what I was doing for a variety of reasons and thought it time to look for something else. I didn't know quite what I wanted to do, but conveniently I received a phone call from someone looking to hire a programmer for a big company that found my name somewhere. I figured it was worth interviewing even though it wasn’t a company I was particularly interested in working for. My previous jobs had pretty much fallen into my lap and I had no experience interviewing in a corporate setting. This was 

Do Google engineers get tired of interviewing candidates since so many are rejected?
What did the job interviewer say that made you NOT accept the job offer?
What have you seen on a job resume that made your jaw drop?
I want to share some very creative resumes： 1. Chocolate bar  The job seeker designed a chocolate bar to showcase his work experience. The slogan reads, "Have a certificate that can meet all company needs." On the back of the chocolate bar is written personal information in the form of ingredients, such as his creativity and leadership. This guy's creativity is so cool! 2. Google search results  This job seeker used the Google search results page to create a resume. This idea seemed extremely clever! 3. Hand-sewn products  There is nothing better than handmade products to show the desire of job seekers 

An acquaintance was looking for a job and asked if she could apply for an administrative position at the company where I worked. She had recently been laid off and I was willing to help her out. I gave her a job listing and looked over her application and resume at her request. Her resume included many references to her security clearance and experience with SECRET information (the word SECRET, capitalized, appeared many times in the resume and cover letter), with almost no information about her skills. The company she was applying to didn’t do classified work, so they would not be interested i 

“What have you seen on a job resume that made your jaw drop?” In the sysadmin field we used to have an organization Systems Administrator’s Guild, acronym SAGE to not collide with Screen Actor’s Guild. SAGE published job titles and the required skills. If you claimed senior we would do a point by point analysis of your skills to see if you were able to figure out that we did in fact have objective well published standards. One day i was asked to evaluate a resume the recruiter did not understand. This resume quoted lines from the SAGE scale IN ORDER and responded to them ALL. Every single require 

During 2000 to 2002 I was the human resources manager of a small software company in the Bay Area of California. My duties were typical of an H.R. Manager, which included compliance with all employment laws, developing job descriptions, handling employee complaints, sexual harassment problems, handling payroll and payroll disputes, and so on. In addition, as usual, I was responsible for finding and submitting candidates to management for open positions. One day I received a beautifully packaged resume. I say packaged because it was wrapped in unusually pretty paper. Inside was the most eye appe 

The employer asked the applicants to write the job applications as per the specimen prescribed by them. One column in the form asked the applicants to indicate their sex. An applicant, obviously new in the business of searching jobs, and a strong faith on the virtue of vanishing culture of virginity, went on to write “Never. I'm a bachelor”. I am tempted to share another story of a guy who was going abroad for the first time with his spouse and a kid. The embarkation card was in the local language with a column for writing the sex of the passengers. The word used in the embarkation card for indic 

A few years ago we were recruiting a student for some summer holiday office work (so, mostly, filing…). We had maybe half a dozen CVs, from school-age applicants. Now, I know that when you’re still at school it’s not always easy to find things to put on the CV, and there was a lot of earnest stuff on there about extracurricular hobbies, school clubs and so on. Most had previous years’ summer jobs listed, along with responsibilities. One of the applicants had listed two responsibilities at their previous placement (a chartered surveyor’s office). The first was “Loading the dishwasher”, and his s 

I used to manage a hotel in a resort area. We were running ads for new personnel across our various departments. One busy day, I remember a young man coming-up to the front desk and asking the name of the manager. He was told, “Mr. Parker.” Apparently, he had scheduled an interview with us, and he wanted to make a good impression by personalizing the cover letter for his resume. Good tactic, most of the time. On the day of the interviews, several people had arrived, as I would usually book three quick initial interviews per half-hour block. First-come, first-served, and this usually meant that I  

I deal more with applications than resumes, but I think that fits in with the spirit of the question! I've seen several things that were too funny to believe. In one instance, there was a space for you to provide other names you are known by. The applicant put “Super Space Boy" down! And if being super wasn't enough, he listed “underwear model" and “Brazilian Army" as his previous experience/jobs…I never knew if he was serious… In another, the gentleman had previously worked in a prison as an activities assistant. Nothing wrong with that! But the way he wrote it down still makes me laugh, two de 

It wasn't a resume but an application for work. Several applications for work. Several years ago, I moved to Hot Springs , Ar. What a beautiful place! But Arkansas is also one of the poorest states in the nation. As soon as we were moved and settled, I started looking for a job. The first place I stopped to fill out an application, the manager said fill this out and then I interview you. I thought cool, my first application, and looks like I have a job!! So I filled it out and handed it in. A few minutes later the manager came over and sat down to interview me. She said well, I see you have ple 

It was in 2010. At that time I worked for US company in Serbia and we were recruting for Quality Tester position. One resume was written in excellent English, but under section for foreign languages that guy wrote that he is fluent in Serbian , Bosnian , Croatian and Montenegrin. For those not familiar with linguistics of Ex-Yugoslavia countries it would be like for native English speaker to put in resume that he can speak American, British and Australian English. For all practical purposes those languages are the same. I understood how that happened. That guy lived in US for couple of years and u 

As an interviewer, what question has ruined a perfectly solid interview of a candidate for you?
Answer to question “As an interviewer, what question has ruined a perfectly solid interview of a candidate for you?” I have interviewed number of candidates in my career however I have appeared as candidate only for few interviews. I would like to present my story from one of the few ones where I was on the other side of the table as a candidate including what was the one answer that ended the interview for me (and why the interviewer should have been more patient). It was very early in the decade of 2000s (sometime around early 2001), I was quite young in the industry at about what most junior d 

It only ever happened once. We were interviewing for a senior trader on our desk. It was a small desk, only 3 people. We needed the fourth. In comes this guy, very experienced, good cv. Everything about him looks good. We are very excited. At the time, I had three standard interview questions. All three were simple, but each of them had a catch. The idea was that you get to have a conversation with the interviewee about the catch, and through that you find out what they know and what they don't, how they solve problems, how they think - the whole lot. But as simple as the questions were, nobody ev 

The last question I always ask in any interview is, “Is there anything you’d like to know about us that we haven’t already told you?” It’s an easy, casual way to wind the interview down, and we sometimes get a response that reflects very favorably on the candidate and makes a good impression. About a year ago, I was interviewing a woman whose resume was a little weak, because she didn’t have a very lengthy employment history. There were a couple of gaps, and some unusually short tenures. But she was young, had good explanations for her spotty employment history, and some solid educational quali 

I share an adequate number of interviews as an interviewer. It was a unforgettable experience for me as an interview. This interview was for the recruitment of Content Writer in one of the universities I was associated with. The settings were perfect for an interview. Moderate temperature in the conference room, a revolving chair (for me, of course), and a good chair for the candidate. So, it was a girl who impressed everyone with her writing skills. Now, the face to face round was approaching and I was entrusted for conducting the same. She entered the room (after seeking permission). Tall girl, 

I interviewed a lot of software engineers when I was working as a QA Director. When the time and the candidate were right, I used to ask riddles which I’m quite fond of regardless. I always asked the candidate if they're familiar with the riddle, as they tend to circle around in our industry. So I had this great riddle where you are confronted with 100 light switches and 100 dwarfs. Why dwarfs? I have no idea… At the beginning the switches are turned off. Then dwarf number one goes on and changes the state of all switches that divide by 1. Then the 2nd dwarf changes the state of all the switches  

I had been the first Technical Marketing Engineer (TME) on a internal “startup” within a huge multinational. A TME is an engineer who works for marketing because they have proven it’s safe to put them in front of customers. As the project grew, two more TMEs transferred in, one with an MS and the other with a PhD. The three of us made a great team and respected each other. Then I was asked to interview a person for a fourth TME position I didn’t know was open. I only had a few minutes notice which I used to skim his resumé. This guy had an MS science degree and had been a Rhoads Scholar. He was 

I used to manage customer service assistants in one of my former roles, and was looking for a new assistant to support my existing team. Due to the nature of the role, it was incredibly important that the person had decent knowledge of the local area. I invited 6 people to interview. 4 showed, and one looked particularly good on CV, and said that hey had lived in the area up until they were 16, moving further out when they moved out of the family home. Including their modest customer service skills experience I thought they would be a good fit. They arrived on time, and i welcomed them in to the 

This one comes to mind. I had a lunch interview with a candidate for an engineering position. We met at a restaurant in the city and had a delightful conversation over our meal. He was very intelligent, knew the tools we were using in our company, and had quite a bit of relevant experience in our domain. He was probably in his later 50’s, so he had had an entire career worth of experience. After we left the restaurant together, we stood outside the restaurant on the sidewalk discussing next steps. I wasn’t ready to commit to hiring him, but in my mind, I had left the table feeling like he had th 

I work as a recruiter with an agency. So this did not happen with me, it happened with a candidate of mine that had reached the final round of interview with our client. The role was for a GM Operations and he wanted European with a zillion years experience, from a particular industry currently in the country. So managed to find one candidate and sent it. The candidate was French, working in the right industry with the right years of experience. He had already passed round 1 and had round 2, the final round. The day of the interview i called to follow up with the candidate first. This candidate h 

I was the interviewee, not the interviewer. I’m pianist and music director — not big time, I generally play for church services, school choirs and the like. I’ve got quite a bit of experience directing as well. At this time I was looking for a new regular church gig. Personally, I’m pretty liberal, so that’s my preference for churches (even though I have no interest in becoming a member — it’s a job, and I like to keep that separation). I showed up to a church for an interview, and realized immediately that it was much more conservative theologically than I am, but I still went through with i 

Has our military gone too soft on recruits in basic training and why? What are some contrasting examples of now and then?
What is the single biggest green flag during a job interview?
What did the job interviewer say that made you NOT accept the job offer?
How can I write a resume for a part time work?
How do I find a part time job at South Korea?
How do you ask for a part time job?
Are there Part Time or full time Jobs available for IT support who can work remotely? If yes how and where to find?
Does USPS have part-time job positions for college students?
How do I apply for a part time job in McDonald's?
Is it easy to get part time jobs in Canada for international students? Which jobs are easier to get?
The great thing about Canada is that it allows all full-time international students to work for 20 hrs/week; you can work part-time jobs during your semesters and you can also work full-time during your summer and winter vacation. I don’t have any personal experience in the Canadian workforce but my friends did do some part-time jobs while studying and it took them at least one or two months to get the job so don’t be disheartened if it takes longer. You can easily find jobs as a waiter and dishwasher (extremely common but super hectic and demanding), customer service representative, delivery p 

Once you arrive in Canada, it won’t take long to find a part-time job as an international student. On your first day at school, don’t be shy, and alone. Try to have conversations with other students. It would be convenient if you find students from your country or neighborhood countries. Eventually, get into contact with senior students, they are experienced in this environment. so they will help you with the possible vacancies where you can approach for the work. If you don’t find vacancies at suggested places. Don’t worry. Keep trying. You will get it. Meanwhile, you contact the local Job con 

I am an international student in Canada. Before coming here, I never worked part time in my home country. After I came here, I realized is it very important to get a job. Not for money but for experience. Frankly speaking, there are several factors which determine whether you will get a job or not. Resume: Your resume is very important and it determines whether you will be called for interview. Generally, if you are applying in a field where you have worked before, there are high chances that you will be called for interview. For me, I never worked anywhere before so it took quite a while and I

It depends on how you speak, confidence level n body language. The best and easiest part-time job is hotel bellman, pizza delivery or waiter. I recomend these jobs bcos, i hv done it all, u get tips (tax free), no experience req n lots of them around. But b4 anything make sure u can drive n hv a car, otherwise alot of wasted time on public bus. Used Civic or Corolla, cheap reliable, nothing else. For hotel bellman, you need to look presentable, cheerful n helpful. Goto the hotel apply in person, talk to HR n be memorable. Key in keeping the job, be nice n friendly with Front Office staff n key m 

I currently have 2 nieces who are international students of Canada under my care. So I think I would give some useful aspects into this matter, IMO. One was already finished her study and is currently holding full time job here. She is on process of applying into permanent residency of Canada. Other is currently still in college here. Both had part time jobs during their schooling in Canada .And I believe that they are allowed to work max 23 or 22 hours per week during studying here( check out with website of Canada Immigration). Mostly and of course fall in category of minimum wages. Here are 

If it were easy, it wouldn’t be worth it. I had a friend tell me that all the time growing up. Look, if you’re looking to find new streams of revenue you need to look and think outside the box. What I’m going to recommend to you is something that may sound out of of the box out first, then hopefully by the end feel like a no brainier. Have you looked into freelancing? The site I recommend to people is goLance here you can upload your resume, samples, images the works. The more stuff / prep you put in, the more you’ll get out of this in the end. Here’s what I mean by prep — you need to build out  

It’s not easy for Canadian students to get jobs. Teenagers don’t have much experience in general, most of my international student friends have even less job experience because it seems to not be normal for high school students to work or have mandatory volunteer programs, and extracurricular (like piano lessons and sport teams) activities. I imagine it would be harder for international students because of cultural and language differences too. I would get a job in your own community in canada. Like for example if you are punjabi you would probably find it easier to find work at a south east a 

 Some tips I might add are If I had to say about Montreal, you need to be atleast bilingual as most jobs require you to be French and English speaker.If you’re coming from your home country, do work in sales or relative to your field as Canadian employers ask for your work experience.Find jobs that look good on a resume, even if the money isn't great. This is something which will give the employer in Canada a very good first impression as he/she will remember you after your interview.Get a job at the college. Usually looks good on a resume. Pretty easy interviews too typically, since they don't 

It is easy, but I think city matters. one of my friend is living in London(Canada). According to him getting job there is difficult and also the number of jobs are quite less where as in Toronto there are lot of Indians as well as the job opportunities are more. So if you are looking for more options and good jobs , target the college in bigger cities such as Ottawa, Toronto. In addition to this, the role of agents are quite crucial, so if you don’t get a job try to connect the local agents for job or keep looking on some of the online sites. 16.4K views · View upvotes · Answer requested by Vaibhav Mandhare14Nagesh K, works at TCS Canada (2020-present)Answered 3 years ago · Author has 145 answers and 747K answer viewsOriginally Answered: Is it easy to get part time jobs in Canada for international students?

Yes. It's not that tough to get these jobs.As a student you would be legally eligible to work to work 20 hours per week.Depending on your University and your course, you may get on-campus jobs as well. If not, you will definitely get part-time jobs in Tim-Hortons, Gas Stations, Home Depot, packaging, quality assurance, administrative jobs in retail shops and/or labour intensive manufacturing companies. There is no dearth of such jobs in Canada.You can also get cash jobs as well. Most Gas Station jobs are paid in cash. However, you cannot get these jobs unless you have references. Many Indian st 

Is it easy to get part time jobs in Canada for international students? Which jobs are easier to get?
The great thing about Canada is that it allows all full-time international students to work for 20 hrs/week; you can work part-time jobs during your semesters and you can also work full-time during your summer and winter vacation. I don’t have any personal experience in the Canadian workforce but my friends did do some part-time jobs while studying and it took them at least one or two months to get the job so don’t be disheartened if it takes longer. You can easily find jobs as a waiter and dishwasher (extremely common but super hectic and demanding), customer service representative, delivery p 

Once you arrive in Canada, it won’t take long to find a part-time job as an international student. On your first day at school, don’t be shy, and alone. Try to have conversations with other students. It would be convenient if you find students from your country or neighborhood countries. Eventually, get into contact with senior students, they are experienced in this environment. so they will help you with the possible vacancies where you can approach for the work. If you don’t find vacancies at suggested places. Don’t worry. Keep trying. You will get it. Meanwhile, you contact the local Job con 

I am an international student in Canada. Before coming here, I never worked part time in my home country. After I came here, I realized is it very important to get a job. Not for money but for experience. Frankly speaking, there are several factors which determine whether you will get a job or not. Resume: Your resume is very important and it determines whether you will be called for interview. Generally, if you are applying in a field where you have worked before, there are high chances that you will be called for interview. For me, I never worked anywhere before so it took quite a while and I

It depends on how you speak, confidence level n body language. The best and easiest part-time job is hotel bellman, pizza delivery or waiter. I recomend these jobs bcos, i hv done it all, u get tips (tax free), no experience req n lots of them around. But b4 anything make sure u can drive n hv a car, otherwise alot of wasted time on public bus. Used Civic or Corolla, cheap reliable, nothing else. For hotel bellman, you need to look presentable, cheerful n helpful. Goto the hotel apply in person, talk to HR n be memorable. Key in keeping the job, be nice n friendly with Front Office staff n key m 

I currently have 2 nieces who are international students of Canada under my care. So I think I would give some useful aspects into this matter, IMO. One was already finished her study and is currently holding full time job here. She is on process of applying into permanent residency of Canada. Other is currently still in college here. Both had part time jobs during their schooling in Canada .And I believe that they are allowed to work max 23 or 22 hours per week during studying here( check out with website of Canada Immigration). Mostly and of course fall in category of minimum wages. Here are 

If it were easy, it wouldn’t be worth it. I had a friend tell me that all the time growing up. Look, if you’re looking to find new streams of revenue you need to look and think outside the box. What I’m going to recommend to you is something that may sound out of of the box out first, then hopefully by the end feel like a no brainier. Have you looked into freelancing? The site I recommend to people is goLance here you can upload your resume, samples, images the works. The more stuff / prep you put in, the more you’ll get out of this in the end. Here’s what I mean by prep — you need to build out  

It’s not easy for Canadian students to get jobs. Teenagers don’t have much experience in general, most of my international student friends have even less job experience because it seems to not be normal for high school students to work or have mandatory volunteer programs, and extracurricular (like piano lessons and sport teams) activities. I imagine it would be harder for international students because of cultural and language differences too. I would get a job in your own community in canada. Like for example if you are punjabi you would probably find it easier to find work at a south east a 

 Some tips I might add are If I had to say about Montreal, you need to be atleast bilingual as most jobs require you to be French and English speaker.If you’re coming from your home country, do work in sales or relative to your field as Canadian employers ask for your work experience.Find jobs that look good on a resume, even if the money isn't great. This is something which will give the employer in Canada a very good first impression as he/she will remember you after your interview.Get a job at the college. Usually looks good on a resume. Pretty easy interviews too typically, since they don't 

It is easy, but I think city matters. one of my friend is living in London(Canada). According to him getting job there is difficult and also the number of jobs are quite less where as in Toronto there are lot of Indians as well as the job opportunities are more. So if you are looking for more options and good jobs , target the college in bigger cities such as Ottawa, Toronto. In addition to this, the role of agents are quite crucial, so if you don’t get a job try to connect the local agents for job or keep looking on some of the online sites. 16.4K views · View upvotes · Answer requested by Vaibhav Mandhare14Nagesh K, works at TCS Canada (2020-present)Answered 3 years ago · Author has 145 answers and 747K answer viewsOriginally Answered: Is it easy to get part time jobs in Canada for international students?

Yes. It's not that tough to get these jobs.As a student you would be legally eligible to work to work 20 hours per week.Depending on your University and your course, you may get on-campus jobs as well. If not, you will definitely get part-time jobs in Tim-Hortons, Gas Stations, Home Depot, packaging, quality assurance, administrative jobs in retail shops and/or labour intensive manufacturing companies. There is no dearth of such jobs in Canada.You can also get cash jobs as well. Most Gas Station jobs are paid in cash. However, you cannot get these jobs unless you have references. Many Indian st 

What is it like to live in Munich as an expat? Are there any good part-time jobs for young adults who don't speak German well?
As an international student in the UK, how much can I earn during a part-time job (monthly)? What type of part-time jobs are available for international students?
What is the minimum cost of living for a university student in Gjøvik, Norway? Can I find a part time job while studying?
How do you earn money while in school if you have no time for a full-time job?
Can I get the information about the part time jobs in Aachen, Germany for students?
Do we have any part time jobs online to earn 5000 per month through smart phone?
How can I respectfully say no to working a shift (part time job)?
As a university student in Canada, what are some good part-time jobs?
Do you have any advice for someone in 6th form starting their first ever job (part time in a supermarket chain)?
How can you earn money from a part-time job after 6 p.m.?
What can I do for part time job at home?
There is a VERY broad range of part-time jobs you can do from home, ranging from almost any career field and from entry-level to executive. We’ve been helping job seekers find these kinds of jobs since 2007, and people are often really surprised at the depth and variety of jobs available that allow you to work from home or with other kinds of flexibility. To get an idea, my company periodically put together lists based on the part-time remote jobs on our site, and while these are from a list we did in Nov. 2018, it can provide some good examples: Child-Care Coordinator — Offering flexibility, th

With the booming jobs in the online world and extensive advertising offering great returns with hardly any investments can mislead anyone into falling into a trap. It's always great to do the appropriate background check before you decide to take up any kind of online/part-time jobs. When I started looking for part-time job options, I was flooded with scores of option online. I had to take the decision based on appropriate inquiry and background research. One stream that I was looking forward to working with was the line of teaching. There were many online teaching websites and companies. Howev 

Work from home is the most sought after jobs these days and searching for them online is a child’s play. But many a time, it has been seen that a few companies turn out to be a scam. In desperate need to earn a few bucks some people tend to see through these scams. You need to be very careful while surfing through such job offers. Avoid any such advertisements which says ‘earn quick money, free jobs, unlimited earnings’, etc. If you look closely into the Company profile you will get to know which one is genuine and which one is fake. I work from home with Cuemath which is a math program for scho 

You already have quite a few number of answers to your question. I would like to just share a few important things that I hope will be helpful to you. First and foremost I will say that a wise man once said, "each penny saved is worth two pennies made". Hence, saving money is essentially a part of making and more importantly growing your money. The best way to save money in my opinion is staying healthy. Hence, please look out for options by which you can make good money from home in a healthy and balanced way. This you can do by: Staying productiveEnjoying your family lifeWorking as per your co

There is a lot of work from home jobs available if you look at the right places. More and more people are choosing to work from home for various reasons. And many companies are on the lookout for those trained and experienced people, willing to work part-time from home. Depending on your skill sets, you can earn easily from home. You can try knitting, crocheting, hair styling, fashion designing, if you have an artistic bent of mind. Or try digital marketing, virtual assistant, or affiliate marketing, etc, if you are comfortable with a computer and the internet. If teaching is your interest and y 

Here are some of the ways (you can choose the # of hours you want to work): - Freelancing - If you have a marketable and in-demand professional skill, you could list yourself on platforms like Upwork, Freelancer or Crossover and start earning. Areas of expertise range from data entry to complex technical projects as well. You could find mostly each marketable skill listed on these platforms with a project that needs a freelancer. - Search and Social Media Engine Evaluations - Checkout opportunities that Appen offers as an Internet researcher and evaluator for Google, Microsoft and Facebook. Ho 

There are hundreds of part time jobs available for work from home on the Internet but the most important criteria, to select a certain job, is the inclination or Interest towards a particular job. Today’s internet world provides you the chance, to follow your passion with a very little investment. You can opt to be a blogger, fashion critic, freelancer or be an entrepreneur. One of the esteemed jobs online is that of tutoring. One such company Cuemath offers an opportunity to become an entrepreneur if you are passionate about teaching. CUEMATH: Cuemath is an after school math excellence program 

Work from home is always about online activity. Actually there’re lots of jobs which you can do from home. But part-time schedule has own peculiarities. Nowadays on of the most popular part-time employment is digital area. I’d recommend you to look through marketing. So many various what to do: SMM Manager – create content for social pages, make the analysis, work with Facebook Ads. Or similar but a narrower specialty Content Manager.Marketing Assistant – work with Google Ads and analytics, build the marketing campaigns.Copywriter – if you like writing the different texts and play with words.112 viewsGaurang Chaudhari, former StudentAnswered 1 year agoOriginally Answered: What are part time jobs that can be done from home?

There are many jobs which you can do from home and earn a passive income. There is a huge role of Digital Marketing in which you can get more idea of part-time jobs done from home. you can also do freelancers which you work from home by taking projects in which you have interest or skills. there are few sites for a freelancer like Fiverr, Upwork, Freelancer and truelancer.2. You also do dropshipping, affiliate marketing, amazon seller, facebook ads or any other genuine websites which you get more online jobs and you earned up to 1 lakh per month and also in US Dollars. 3. You start your blog on 

If you want best part time job that can be done from home so I suggest you best and trending part time job and earn best money. Digital marketing is a trending technology and in this field you have much more satisfaction. Here you start online work Like - Start your own YouTube channel, Blog, also create your own website and earn money. Professional E-mail Marketing.Google Analytics.Social Media Marketing.Search Engine Optimization.Online Video Marketing.Online Lead Generation.Content Marketing.Start freelancer work (work from home). In this choice you work with multiple company and start more and  

What are some of the common part time jobs available to international students in Melbourne?
What's the most pretentious thing you've ever seen on a résumé?
“You’ve got to be kidding me.” I’m staring at a resume that one of my managers emailed to me with the subject line of “You’ve got to see this.” In the middle of the resume at the very top is a large color picture of a blonde, young lady. There is nothing subtle about this picture. It is prominent and takes up a third of the page. She appears to be attractive and to this point, I had yet to see a picture take up so much space on a resume. Some resumes had come over with a small picture under the signature of a cover page, similar to what a realtor or sales person might do. But a large glamour shot 

In one of my previous jobs as a Senior DevOps Engineer, I was asked to be one of the interviewers for a candidate who was applying for a Network Engineer position. Although I didn’t really consider myself to be qualified to fill such a position, I still knew enough of the basic principles of networking to ask a few questions. The candidate’s resume looked impressive, mentioning three or four networking certifications from trusted authorities including Cisco. The accomplishments mentioned in the resume appeared to be those of a well-seasoned network admin/engineer with 15 to 20 years of experien 

A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away, I was the technical screener for a contract agency that I was working for. I was their Senior Electrical and Software Engineering screener for embedded systems, while I was working as a Senior EE and SE. Our recruiter would show up wherever I was working that month/year, and brief me in on the new recruits (BILLABLE HOURS! YAY!) while I didn’t work on the client company’s problems. You don’t see that today. (This is long, but hopefully entertaining. Bear with me.) In those days, you could be a “professional contractor.” What that meant was that you wer 

I work with Russians and I would say they take the cake in pretentious line items on a resume. The classic weird interpretation (I saw it twice today, even) is that a person will claim to have an education from a prestigious foreign university when, in fact, they have merely been an exchange student or, worse, taken a course or two in Russia from a foreign professor who hails from a foreign university. Typically, if a person has attended a course abroad, they will write out a separate line that makes it look like they have 2 or more higher educations. Russians can be passive-aggressive brand wh 

What's the most pretentious thing you've ever seen on a résumé? Not something I’ve seen on a resume. However, the first time I visited Europe in the mid-1980’s, I was in a small cafe. A large middle-aged American came in and asked if he could sit at my table. He started to make some small talk, and it was refreshing to hear some English. He asked about my trip, and I told him about my brother, Mark, and that I was there to visit him. He had never heard of Mark and was very dismissive. I didn’t expect him to have heard of my brother, who has become better known in opera circles. Then he said, “To 

Uhm, let me see…oh, yes, I have one: It’s what the future Italian prime minister, Giuseppe Conte, has written on some of his résumés. First of all, he talked about “perfectioning courses” at the NY University. However, when the Uni itself was asked to check the information, his name didn’t turn out anywhere: he has just spent some two weeks in summer there, listening to conferences for which the University has no attendance register. Unrecorded is the period he says he has spent doing scientific research at Cambridge, too — he could surely have spent some time there taking part in debates witnes 

A resume is supposed to showcase a candidate's talents and there is a fine line between doing that and sounding pretentious. It's an easy line to cross. But when you ridicule someone who is looking for work, you could be messing with someone who is vulnerable over whom you are in a position of power. They could be unemployed or having a rough time in their current role and dealing with serious stress. You on the other hand are the person with the power to decide if they're hired or not. "Pretentious content" is what you get when a candidate is trying too hard. Trying too hard is a sign of vuln 

The flip side of the ‘go-getter’ / ‘play-to-win’ culture in the American corporate world, is that a lot of job candidates will generously embellish their resumes, to put it mildly. Now there is a proper skill to be had at playing up your accomplishments to the max in an appropriate fashion. But then you have some such individuals who push it to the point where it is practically not merely exaggerating but lying. Such was the case with a candidate I remember interviewing at my former employer in Boston. The young man was clearly bright with top grades from an Ivy League university in New England. H 

In the dot com boom of the mid 90s to the very early 2000s there was a trend to give people whimsical titles. The most dominant title, the clear leader of the pack, was “webmaster” which obviously is a conflation of Dungeon and Dragon’s Dungeon Master role and the new, still owned solely by geeks World Wide Web. For those that don’t know or recall, a webmaster was simply the person who could put together a webpage (design it, code it) and get it to the host along with all the attendant side skills that went along with that circa 1996. As the web matured and more useful tools, languages and fram 

“I look forward to raising the average intelligence of your company.” This was the third sentence in the resume, and this sentence irritated me so much that I had to take a second to process it and examine my motivations. This guy was looking for an entry-level job as a junior software engineer after having just completed a coding bootcamp with no real prior work history. To say that you “look forward to raising the average intelligence” can mean a few things. The simplified version is that he thinks, without having ever met anyone on the team, that he was going to be more intelligent than half  

What have you seen on a job resume that made your jaw drop?
I want to share some very creative resumes： 1. Chocolate bar  The job seeker designed a chocolate bar to showcase his work experience. The slogan reads, "Have a certificate that can meet all company needs." On the back of the chocolate bar is written personal information in the form of ingredients, such as his creativity and leadership. This guy's creativity is so cool! 2. Google search results  This job seeker used the Google search results page to create a resume. This idea seemed extremely clever! 3. Hand-sewn products  There is nothing better than handmade products to show the desire of job seekers 

An acquaintance was looking for a job and asked if she could apply for an administrative position at the company where I worked. She had recently been laid off and I was willing to help her out. I gave her a job listing and looked over her application and resume at her request. Her resume included many references to her security clearance and experience with SECRET information (the word SECRET, capitalized, appeared many times in the resume and cover letter), with almost no information about her skills. The company she was applying to didn’t do classified work, so they would not be interested i 

“What have you seen on a job resume that made your jaw drop?” In the sysadmin field we used to have an organization Systems Administrator’s Guild, acronym SAGE to not collide with Screen Actor’s Guild. SAGE published job titles and the required skills. If you claimed senior we would do a point by point analysis of your skills to see if you were able to figure out that we did in fact have objective well published standards. One day i was asked to evaluate a resume the recruiter did not understand. This resume quoted lines from the SAGE scale IN ORDER and responded to them ALL. Every single require 

During 2000 to 2002 I was the human resources manager of a small software company in the Bay Area of California. My duties were typical of an H.R. Manager, which included compliance with all employment laws, developing job descriptions, handling employee complaints, sexual harassment problems, handling payroll and payroll disputes, and so on. In addition, as usual, I was responsible for finding and submitting candidates to management for open positions. One day I received a beautifully packaged resume. I say packaged because it was wrapped in unusually pretty paper. Inside was the most eye appe 

The employer asked the applicants to write the job applications as per the specimen prescribed by them. One column in the form asked the applicants to indicate their sex. An applicant, obviously new in the business of searching jobs, and a strong faith on the virtue of vanishing culture of virginity, went on to write “Never. I'm a bachelor”. I am tempted to share another story of a guy who was going abroad for the first time with his spouse and a kid. The embarkation card was in the local language with a column for writing the sex of the passengers. The word used in the embarkation card for indic 

A few years ago we were recruiting a student for some summer holiday office work (so, mostly, filing…). We had maybe half a dozen CVs, from school-age applicants. Now, I know that when you’re still at school it’s not always easy to find things to put on the CV, and there was a lot of earnest stuff on there about extracurricular hobbies, school clubs and so on. Most had previous years’ summer jobs listed, along with responsibilities. One of the applicants had listed two responsibilities at their previous placement (a chartered surveyor’s office). The first was “Loading the dishwasher”, and his s 

I used to manage a hotel in a resort area. We were running ads for new personnel across our various departments. One busy day, I remember a young man coming-up to the front desk and asking the name of the manager. He was told, “Mr. Parker.” Apparently, he had scheduled an interview with us, and he wanted to make a good impression by personalizing the cover letter for his resume. Good tactic, most of the time. On the day of the interviews, several people had arrived, as I would usually book three quick initial interviews per half-hour block. First-come, first-served, and this usually meant that I  

I deal more with applications than resumes, but I think that fits in with the spirit of the question! I've seen several things that were too funny to believe. In one instance, there was a space for you to provide other names you are known by. The applicant put “Super Space Boy" down! And if being super wasn't enough, he listed “underwear model" and “Brazilian Army" as his previous experience/jobs…I never knew if he was serious… In another, the gentleman had previously worked in a prison as an activities assistant. Nothing wrong with that! But the way he wrote it down still makes me laugh, two de 

It wasn't a resume but an application for work. Several applications for work. Several years ago, I moved to Hot Springs , Ar. What a beautiful place! But Arkansas is also one of the poorest states in the nation. As soon as we were moved and settled, I started looking for a job. The first place I stopped to fill out an application, the manager said fill this out and then I interview you. I thought cool, my first application, and looks like I have a job!! So I filled it out and handed it in. A few minutes later the manager came over and sat down to interview me. She said well, I see you have ple 

It was in 2010. At that time I worked for US company in Serbia and we were recruting for Quality Tester position. One resume was written in excellent English, but under section for foreign languages that guy wrote that he is fluent in Serbian , Bosnian , Croatian and Montenegrin. For those not familiar with linguistics of Ex-Yugoslavia countries it would be like for native English speaker to put in resume that he can speak American, British and Australian English. For all practical purposes those languages are the same. I understood how that happened. That guy lived in US for couple of years and u 

What is something you wish people would stop putting on their resume?
Probably 80% of whatever is there. In the last week I’ve looked through around 200 CVs (I’m in the UK). When I say “looked”, I don’t mean I’ve read 200 from start to finish. I don’t mean I’ve read all of the first page. I mean, I have spent about 10–20 seconds skimming to try and make a snap judgement about whether it’s worth me spending any longer on them. That is very difficult when they almost all say the exact same things. After this first run-through, I then set aside maybe 30 to have a slightly longer look at and then I narrowed that down to about 15 to properly review. Even those I skip out 

I haven’t read all the other answers here, but I’m sure there’s a lot of good information there. However, words like “seasoned”, “drove”, “results oriented”, “self-directed”, “team player”, “motivated” and other such words and phrases are close to useless. Hiring managers, search consultants and recruitment consultants want to know how valuable you are. You can communicate value by indicating what you have achieved or contributed to the organisations in which you have worked, and the impact or benefits of your achievements and contributions. They also want to know what challenges you have faced 

A woman who has reviewed over 40,000 resumes outlines the 8 most annoying mistakes she sees 1. Sloppiness "The biggest mistake job seekers make: They are sloppy. They pay poor attention to detail. They are lazy!" Nicolai says that she has seen too many résumés with typos, unprofessional fonts, outdated information, and irrelevant information. 2. Summaries that are too long Summaries are annoying when they are written in a formal tone and include too many adjectives, she says. "After a while, the summaries can read like a lengthy chapter in a book. It's better to list a few bullets with pointed achie 

Having reviewed and revamped thousands of resumes in the last few years, I am listing a few components which are in common across these resumes: Objective: The most useless part of a resume which readers tend to ignore because it does not make any sense nor is it going to change their decision making process. The commonly written objectives are normally copied off the web and pasted. So neither does it have an impact on the applicant nor the hiring manager.Hobbies: The hiring manager does not care if you are a dancer or a cricketer when they are not hiring you for these positions. You could be 

Since employers can receive hundreds of applications for a single job posting, they only have a few short seconds to review resumes during the initial screening stage of the hiring process. With so little time to spare, inconsistent formatting, careless mistakes, or poor organization can automatically land your resume in the trash bin—regardless of your strong qualifications. In other words, your resume needs to quickly capture the attention of a hiring manager. This is where small edits to your resume’s content and design can make all the difference. For these key elements, here are a few ways 

I work with a recruitment company in the UAE, and there are some things that I particularly think add more unnecessary information to the CV. Personal Information - It is enough to just add your mobile number and email address. Please do not add your height, weight, passport number, visa number, parent’s name, permanent address on the CV. Unless you are a model, or in an industry where it is relevant, please DON’T.Cover Letter - I have seen a number of people add their cover letter in the same document as their resume. You have 2 options, make the cover letter, your email content, or create a s

(Edit - 5/14/2020): I am very surprised at the amount of “upvotes” and shares my response has received and I am thankful for that! I am most appreciative of the positive feedback and the questions I have received. I wanted to update this response a little to provide some more insight for those seeking employment, reviewing resumes, hiring for your organization, etc… I have finished some consulting work for a 2 small companies (&lt;20 EEs) in Texas who are scaling and wanted help finding quality talent in addition to providing some training to their HR/Hiring Managers. While working with them, I sh 

I look at resumes every day - that’s my job. I wish people would spell check their resume before they send it out. When I read a resume with spelling errors? I will send you a note that says “thank you, we’ve selected another candidate”. Change the wording on your resume from “Responsible” to something else - what did you accomplish? Did you get a project done on time and below budget? Did you get it done early? Then state - Implemented a more efficient way to do XX - accomplishing the project before it was due and under budget. Set yourself apart - pat yourself on the back. DO NOT LIE about what 

This list of things not to put on one’s resume can be really long. I venture to guess that the job seekers that do this are getting resume tips that may have been valid many years ago but do not apply to a modern resume. Here are some common ones I see. Too many bullet points. Use no more than 5–6.More than a few years out of college? Drop the graduation date.No need to include your street address on a resume. Do include your city and state.An Objective section is antiquated. Remove it and instead add a Summary or Skills section.“References Are Available Upon Request” should be eliminated from 

Buzzwords/Keywords : CVs these days are made for ATS, not for humans. To ensure that their CV makes it through the ATS (Application Tracking System), a lot of the candidates focus on stuffing their CVs with all the “keywords” that they can think of for their domain. I used to do finance hiring. The candidates will put most, if not all of the following terms in their CV: financial modellingcash flow managementbudgeting and planningfinancial planning and analysisleading auditsfund raisingmonthly closeyear end closetaxation and compliancetreasury and working capital managementaccountingrisk managem

Which computer science project in a resume impressed you the most?
What's the most pretentious thing you've ever seen on a résumé?
“You’ve got to be kidding me.” I’m staring at a resume that one of my managers emailed to me with the subject line of “You’ve got to see this.” In the middle of the resume at the very top is a large color picture of a blonde, young lady. There is nothing subtle about this picture. It is prominent and takes up a third of the page. She appears to be attractive and to this point, I had yet to see a picture take up so much space on a resume. Some resumes had come over with a small picture under the signature of a cover page, similar to what a realtor or sales person might do. But a large glamour shot 

In one of my previous jobs as a Senior DevOps Engineer, I was asked to be one of the interviewers for a candidate who was applying for a Network Engineer position. Although I didn’t really consider myself to be qualified to fill such a position, I still knew enough of the basic principles of networking to ask a few questions. The candidate’s resume looked impressive, mentioning three or four networking certifications from trusted authorities including Cisco. The accomplishments mentioned in the resume appeared to be those of a well-seasoned network admin/engineer with 15 to 20 years of experien 

A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away, I was the technical screener for a contract agency that I was working for. I was their Senior Electrical and Software Engineering screener for embedded systems, while I was working as a Senior EE and SE. Our recruiter would show up wherever I was working that month/year, and brief me in on the new recruits (BILLABLE HOURS! YAY!) while I didn’t work on the client company’s problems. You don’t see that today. (This is long, but hopefully entertaining. Bear with me.) In those days, you could be a “professional contractor.” What that meant was that you wer 

I work with Russians and I would say they take the cake in pretentious line items on a resume. The classic weird interpretation (I saw it twice today, even) is that a person will claim to have an education from a prestigious foreign university when, in fact, they have merely been an exchange student or, worse, taken a course or two in Russia from a foreign professor who hails from a foreign university. Typically, if a person has attended a course abroad, they will write out a separate line that makes it look like they have 2 or more higher educations. Russians can be passive-aggressive brand wh 

What's the most pretentious thing you've ever seen on a résumé? Not something I’ve seen on a resume. However, the first time I visited Europe in the mid-1980’s, I was in a small cafe. A large middle-aged American came in and asked if he could sit at my table. He started to make some small talk, and it was refreshing to hear some English. He asked about my trip, and I told him about my brother, Mark, and that I was there to visit him. He had never heard of Mark and was very dismissive. I didn’t expect him to have heard of my brother, who has become better known in opera circles. Then he said, “To 

Uhm, let me see…oh, yes, I have one: It’s what the future Italian prime minister, Giuseppe Conte, has written on some of his résumés. First of all, he talked about “perfectioning courses” at the NY University. However, when the Uni itself was asked to check the information, his name didn’t turn out anywhere: he has just spent some two weeks in summer there, listening to conferences for which the University has no attendance register. Unrecorded is the period he says he has spent doing scientific research at Cambridge, too — he could surely have spent some time there taking part in debates witnes 

A resume is supposed to showcase a candidate's talents and there is a fine line between doing that and sounding pretentious. It's an easy line to cross. But when you ridicule someone who is looking for work, you could be messing with someone who is vulnerable over whom you are in a position of power. They could be unemployed or having a rough time in their current role and dealing with serious stress. You on the other hand are the person with the power to decide if they're hired or not. "Pretentious content" is what you get when a candidate is trying too hard. Trying too hard is a sign of vuln 

The flip side of the ‘go-getter’ / ‘play-to-win’ culture in the American corporate world, is that a lot of job candidates will generously embellish their resumes, to put it mildly. Now there is a proper skill to be had at playing up your accomplishments to the max in an appropriate fashion. But then you have some such individuals who push it to the point where it is practically not merely exaggerating but lying. Such was the case with a candidate I remember interviewing at my former employer in Boston. The young man was clearly bright with top grades from an Ivy League university in New England. H 

In the dot com boom of the mid 90s to the very early 2000s there was a trend to give people whimsical titles. The most dominant title, the clear leader of the pack, was “webmaster” which obviously is a conflation of Dungeon and Dragon’s Dungeon Master role and the new, still owned solely by geeks World Wide Web. For those that don’t know or recall, a webmaster was simply the person who could put together a webpage (design it, code it) and get it to the host along with all the attendant side skills that went along with that circa 1996. As the web matured and more useful tools, languages and fram 

“I look forward to raising the average intelligence of your company.” This was the third sentence in the resume, and this sentence irritated me so much that I had to take a second to process it and examine my motivations. This guy was looking for an entry-level job as a junior software engineer after having just completed a coding bootcamp with no real prior work history. To say that you “look forward to raising the average intelligence” can mean a few things. The simplified version is that he thinks, without having ever met anyone on the team, that he was going to be more intelligent than half  

Should I round up my 2.9 GPA to a 3.0 for my resume?
People are giving you answers based on a time when actual human beings read resumes, and often did so with a “bigger picture” in mind. Today, algorithms programmed to exclude candidates process resumes, before anyone gets to see them. This needs to be considered. In light of this, two points: if your GPA is 2.95 or higher, I think you could, in general, round it to 3.0. On the other hand, this points up the risk of sending out or posting a single resume for hundreds of jobs, rather than one you've tailored to the particular job, or to a small number of very similar jobs. What I mean is, for most 

The answer to this question depends entirely on the type of job and company for which you are applying. The standard is to round your GPA to the first or second decimal place. Anything more lenient is considered misleading. Many large companies have GPA minimums for entry level positions. I would not lie about your GPA in applying for these positions are they are likely to request a transcript directly from you or through your background check. Companies can verify your attendance and that your obtained a degree from a university without your permission, but the company is required by law (in t 

From an academic viewpoint, there is only one person who can round up your GPA, and that’s your registrar, not you! If the job requires 3.0 and you have anything less, you are ineligible even if it’s 2.999994 and your institution decides to use six-point accuracy, even if normally we use one or two decimal points. Yes, 2.999994 is almost equivalent to 3.0 (especially when considering significant digits), but in this case by representing your grade as 3.0, you are inflating your grades by 0.000006, which even so little is still misrepresentation, and a lie, and in some cases a crime. Fortunatel 

I see a lot of ethical advice that I followed for 25 years of my career. My advice: LIE LIE LIE to get the job you want or need - as long as the rest of your resume is sound and this isn’t your first job. Also, don’t lie and say you CAN do something you CAN’T. I have never interview or worked for an employer that even asked a questioned my education. Some had requirements - but was based on the honor system. With HR and hiring managers so busy - they generally don’t care to follow up on this information. This goes out the window for a highly technical job. The longer ago the better, I went to co 

There are a lot of bad answers on here. The correct answer is: Do what you need to do to get the job. For example, if the job minimum is a 3.0, and you know they’re strict on that, then fudging of numbers will not hurt you. Either you fake it and they find out and you don’t get the job, or you don’t and your GPA is considered too low and you don’t get the job. As an engineer, a discipline in which you’d think companies would required college transcripts and such to prove GPA, I’ve never had to give that information. Also, a sad truth is your GPA will most likely only matter for your 1st job, afte 

Question Asked: Should I round up my 2.9 GPA to a 3.0 for my resume? My Answer: I see no reason to put your GPA on your resume. I would either leave it off, or refer to it a “B” average, and replace it with a statement such as, “Transcript available upon request.” If it comes up during the interview, you should be ready with your GPA in your major field only— which hopefully is higher. I hope you are also not including other information such as a photo, marital and family status, age, race, gender, religion, health, commuting distance, or other information that potential employers may not direc 

No, I was in the same situation and I got interviews for a lot of jobs that I applied for and many said “we usually only hire people above a 3.0. why should we hire you despite your 2.9” and they gave me a chance to be honest and explain the one semester where I bombed a class that wasn't even in my major while juggling my other classes and work responsibilities. I explained that I have only had good grades since that semester and I was retaking that class to replace the grade and improve my gpa. My two dream companies both still offered me a job and I took one of them. When they ask about it i 

Yeah, do not lie on a resume. When you go in for an interview, you need to cover for that lie verbally and if you’re very unlucky, they may want to see your transcripts. BUT… If it’s say a 2.98 or 2.99, and you put down 3.0 on your resume, it would only make difference if they put the 3.0 down as some sort of cutoff. If they say “must have a college GPA of at least 2.7” it won’t cause any trouble especially if during the interview you “put down 3.0 to get your foot in the door, it’s really a 2.97…”If you fudge it unusually (i.e. against normal rounding rules) like a 2.92 to a 3.0, then it looks 

Never, ever, lie on a resume or during a job interview. As an example, I was interviewing for an assistant principal’s job. The superintendent asked me, “Mr. Mancini, why should we hire you over the other applicants.” I said, “ I am bilingual, and I am a firm believer in the Carnegie Report, which states “There is no more important relationship in education than that which exists between the school and the home.” As such, I call the parents of every student before school starts. There were 600 kids attending the school where I was applying. It was early August. School started about the 21st of  

Always, always be accurate in your resume. You are already being evaluated for so many character traits, the most important of which is if the company can trust you and work with you every day for the next few years. A single “hmmmm” moment doubting your accountability is going to cost you. A few years ago, I came across a case where someone’s resume said they had a Masters from Harvard. They looked perfect for the job. When the HR team looked a little deeper, they found out the person actually had a degree from Harvard Extension School. Now, the Harvard Extension School is a pretty impressive s 

What have you seen on a job resume that made your jaw drop?
I want to share some very creative resumes： 1. Chocolate bar  The job seeker designed a chocolate bar to showcase his work experience. The slogan reads, "Have a certificate that can meet all company needs." On the back of the chocolate bar is written personal information in the form of ingredients, such as his creativity and leadership. This guy's creativity is so cool! 2. Google search results  This job seeker used the Google search results page to create a resume. This idea seemed extremely clever! 3. Hand-sewn products  There is nothing better than handmade products to show the desire of job seekers 

An acquaintance was looking for a job and asked if she could apply for an administrative position at the company where I worked. She had recently been laid off and I was willing to help her out. I gave her a job listing and looked over her application and resume at her request. Her resume included many references to her security clearance and experience with SECRET information (the word SECRET, capitalized, appeared many times in the resume and cover letter), with almost no information about her skills. The company she was applying to didn’t do classified work, so they would not be interested i 

“What have you seen on a job resume that made your jaw drop?” In the sysadmin field we used to have an organization Systems Administrator’s Guild, acronym SAGE to not collide with Screen Actor’s Guild. SAGE published job titles and the required skills. If you claimed senior we would do a point by point analysis of your skills to see if you were able to figure out that we did in fact have objective well published standards. One day i was asked to evaluate a resume the recruiter did not understand. This resume quoted lines from the SAGE scale IN ORDER and responded to them ALL. Every single require 

During 2000 to 2002 I was the human resources manager of a small software company in the Bay Area of California. My duties were typical of an H.R. Manager, which included compliance with all employment laws, developing job descriptions, handling employee complaints, sexual harassment problems, handling payroll and payroll disputes, and so on. In addition, as usual, I was responsible for finding and submitting candidates to management for open positions. One day I received a beautifully packaged resume. I say packaged because it was wrapped in unusually pretty paper. Inside was the most eye appe 

The employer asked the applicants to write the job applications as per the specimen prescribed by them. One column in the form asked the applicants to indicate their sex. An applicant, obviously new in the business of searching jobs, and a strong faith on the virtue of vanishing culture of virginity, went on to write “Never. I'm a bachelor”. I am tempted to share another story of a guy who was going abroad for the first time with his spouse and a kid. The embarkation card was in the local language with a column for writing the sex of the passengers. The word used in the embarkation card for indic 

A few years ago we were recruiting a student for some summer holiday office work (so, mostly, filing…). We had maybe half a dozen CVs, from school-age applicants. Now, I know that when you’re still at school it’s not always easy to find things to put on the CV, and there was a lot of earnest stuff on there about extracurricular hobbies, school clubs and so on. Most had previous years’ summer jobs listed, along with responsibilities. One of the applicants had listed two responsibilities at their previous placement (a chartered surveyor’s office). The first was “Loading the dishwasher”, and his s 

I used to manage a hotel in a resort area. We were running ads for new personnel across our various departments. One busy day, I remember a young man coming-up to the front desk and asking the name of the manager. He was told, “Mr. Parker.” Apparently, he had scheduled an interview with us, and he wanted to make a good impression by personalizing the cover letter for his resume. Good tactic, most of the time. On the day of the interviews, several people had arrived, as I would usually book three quick initial interviews per half-hour block. First-come, first-served, and this usually meant that I  

I deal more with applications than resumes, but I think that fits in with the spirit of the question! I've seen several things that were too funny to believe. In one instance, there was a space for you to provide other names you are known by. The applicant put “Super Space Boy" down! And if being super wasn't enough, he listed “underwear model" and “Brazilian Army" as his previous experience/jobs…I never knew if he was serious… In another, the gentleman had previously worked in a prison as an activities assistant. Nothing wrong with that! But the way he wrote it down still makes me laugh, two de 

It wasn't a resume but an application for work. Several applications for work. Several years ago, I moved to Hot Springs , Ar. What a beautiful place! But Arkansas is also one of the poorest states in the nation. As soon as we were moved and settled, I started looking for a job. The first place I stopped to fill out an application, the manager said fill this out and then I interview you. I thought cool, my first application, and looks like I have a job!! So I filled it out and handed it in. A few minutes later the manager came over and sat down to interview me. She said well, I see you have ple 

It was in 2010. At that time I worked for US company in Serbia and we were recruting for Quality Tester position. One resume was written in excellent English, but under section for foreign languages that guy wrote that he is fluent in Serbian , Bosnian , Croatian and Montenegrin. For those not familiar with linguistics of Ex-Yugoslavia countries it would be like for native English speaker to put in resume that he can speak American, British and Australian English. For all practical purposes those languages are the same. I understood how that happened. That guy lived in US for couple of years and u 

What are some sample resumes of students who got into an Ivy League college?
What is the most arrogant thing you've ever seen on a résumé?
Things can be arrogant without there being one word that could easily be defined as arrogant. HR at my office in Houston forwarded an application only commenting that they felt unequal to dealing with this person; In short, they set me up. Over time I’ve made a deal with HR, generally stated they don’t send me applications for bean counters, attorneys, public relations etc. I own most of it but live on a ranch where I do the hiring and firing, the little that needs to be done. In other words, I hire the cow men, the guys for the oil fields-except for those on platforms in the North Sea which ar 

Not in a resume, but an answer to a classic rejection. Note: I have never interviewed the guy, he just sent his resume and we answered he was not selected (as you will wonder what I did to deserve that answer, below is the rejection email we sent that triggered this rant). Your assumptions were wrongly wrong, you proved not having a single clue about hospitality.You seem to confuse it with hostility, you are very narrow minded ...I'll blog about your lack of human vision, and share it with the people of the world so that they know who are touring them, and for what purpose.You just a peace of 

Haha oh man. So while I’m not recruiter or someone who’s been in charge of hiring, I have seen a good few resumes because of some hiring managers I was tight with at my last company and because of my dad. The most funny and arrogant resume I have seen, if you can call it one, was some resume my dad got from a young guy who dropped out of college to be an entrepreneur and wanted my dad to be his mentor. His “resume” really was not as much of a resume as it was a biography and it was ridiculous and hilarious. Here is one notable passage, word for word (other than blocking out some city), from it: A 

I advertised for a Sr. Software developer with ability to work with project management, networking, and hardware development infrastructure. In essence most of our assignments ended up being customer work because of priorities and components customer wanted to get working first but lead room for potential snap in module to keep the customer current. "Sorry for the long explanation posted" … after three weeks advertisement in top business, technology papers and report on business section there was not much show of intrest or qualified candidates. So we continued to look in the newspapers and ca 

Over the last thirty odd years in HR, I have seen many types of resumes and I think that there is so much a typewriter can help you process versus a computer. Today, many applicants have had the opportunity to attend recuitment advisory programmes, and also recruitment fairs. They have learnt what not to put in, and yet there are some outliers. Generally, the Gen X, Y and millennials do pretty good resumes. The millennials in particular are pretty awesome with the one pager. If there is one arrogant resume, I would pick out - was that of an applicant from a consulting firm who went on and on about 

Many years ago, I was very close friends with the administrative assistant to the corporate president….ok, we were in a relationship. The CFO was working with the CEO to hire a sales manager and screening the resumes. One resume she let me look at was literally the epitome of cockiness. This resume was filled with terms such as “motivated sales personnel by holding their feet to the fire and firing minimal performers”, “not afraid to cut the raw meat to motivate”, and “eliminated X sales personnel “. His cover letter was along the lines of “I can and will motivate your sales people “, “I am no 

Ok…I did not see the resume but the person I am speaking of put this in their resumes. They had not earned their PhD., but they thought no one would ever check. They were not from the country they were working in. They started printing it on business cards. Started having the sister introduce him as Dr., and just forged ahead as a phoney. I WAS a friend and this person thought I had forgotten our conversation about him not completing his education. Do not get me started on narcissism and lies. I do think we are smack dab in the epi-centre of that era though. 'The era of Narcissism!!' Really look 

I have to go anonymous here, because it is just possible that the person the CV belonged to might be a Quora member. I started to read the CV. In the 10 seconds it took to scan / read the profile. Bearing in mind the profile was probable around 300 words. The person in question had the following phrase written 4 times. ‘As Britain's leading expert in xyz I have the quality of… ‘ Each time they used the phrase it served as an introduction to a quality that is classed as generic. The qualities were things like communicating, reliability, working in a team. I asked our local expert in xyz if they had h 

A2A For a number of years, I used to have a resume from a former engineer that had come in to a headhunting agency I was working at. His work history (which he’d included salaries on) showed that he’d bounced around SoCal in the aerospace field as an aerospace engineer for about 7(?) years changing jobs every year or two… and then aaaaaall of a sudden, he couldn’t get work in the field anymore and was working in Boise, ID, doing carpentry for about 40% of what he’d been making as an engineer. And he was also bouncing around from job to job there, too. I guessed alcohol or just really difficult  

I can't tell this one as the most arrogant but it is the most strangest thing I have seen on someone's resume. In my friend's resume,i have seen all of the unimportant things written without spaces which are like objectives and the things which doesn't matter to the recruiter,these all things are written in my friend's resume without spaces and she is so confident about that she will get selected by her strange choice of not wasting time of interviewer on all this crap. She has written objective without spaces which is like to work on challenging profile blah blah … and board or university from  

Have you ever caught someone lying on a resume, and what were the consequences?
Have you ever been caught someone lying on a resume, and what were the consequences? Yes. I was working for a major tech company in the UK, one that is extremely-high profile and very popular, and we got a resume that looked absolutely stellar. In fact, it was astounding that this guy didn’t have his choice of offers in hand already, based upon what was written down on his CV (which is what resumes are called in the UK). However, having been on several search committees before, and having helped students with their own resumes back when I was a professor, I had lots of experience with puffery (i 

I’ve seen my fair share of exaggerated and embellished resumes but one story really takes the cake. A while back, I was working for an app development company in China. At that time, we were ramping up production of mobile games and we needed lots and lots of artists to create the amount of art we needed. However, one of the problem areas was hiring artists who could draw in a style that was more palatable to Western consumers. Chinese schools tended to train game artists in very standardized ways and so they usually had a very Asian aesthetic. Sadly, this also translated over to our Senior Art 

Yeah, but in this case, we found out after the hiring! Over a decade ago, I worked in a large West Coast IT group of about 300 people. We wrote and managed several dozen software projects for mostly government clients. In their infinite wisdom, our parent company decided they didn’t like our line of work. Over several years, they cancelled most of our contracts and laid off over 90% of our staff. About a dozen of us were left to handle the remaining projects. There were 5 hardware guys – network and server admins – and 7 on the software side. We got put in a group on the East Coast. Right away w 

Yes. We had a temp engineer whose manager wanted to convert him to regular employment because of his good performance. It was a routine practice, a good idea to know someone’s work before making a hiring decision. The reference check found that he did not have the degree he claimed on his job application. The engineering manager and I (then vice president, human resources) confronted him. He said he only lacked one course. Therefore, it made no sense to him not to claim the degree because he’d done almost all the work. He cited his work for us as proof that he performed as well as degreed engine 

I’ve experienced puffery and outright lying on resumes over the last 20 years of hiring people, but there’s one case I think is both amusing and educational. He became my first hire, by the way. Because I was a complete newbie and he was a confident talker (and it was 1998 when we had more buzz words in Silicon Valley than actual common sense), I breezed through his resume and gave him a job offer either on the spot or the next day. Then we actually went to work designing a web application and writing the interface code — all of which he was an expert at according to his resume. By the end of t 

Ill start off with, anything you put on your resume is fair game to be questioned and probed. That being said, I wouldn’t say lying (I like to give the benefit of the doubt), but definitely exaggerating to the point their statements are untrue. This doesn’t happen often, but it does happen. I’ve done interviews both for academic positions, as well as the industry for Bigpharma and Biochem. I’m also the type of person that likes to probe into the technical details. Id also like to add, there is absolutely nothing wrong with saying you don’t know the answer to something. I expect a person to say  

I lost $7700 dollars last week because a candidate lied on their resume. My client Dave needed a restaurant manager for his fine dining location just north of Dallas. He had a hard time finding someone who would take the job since it was on the low end of the pay spectrum for restaurant managers. I had found a couple of candidates and presented them to Dave. He really liked John, who had just finished his master’s degree in accounting but wanted to get back into restaurant management. Dave loved John and thought he was precisely the guy for the job. Everything was progressing as normal with John’ 

Twice. The first one I encountered was actually when I was the employee. I found out my manager lied about his background, his degree, even his job experience. I wasn’t the only one who discovered this. HR started catching onto his scam and found out that he and his brother used to swap resumes and make up stories to get a higher paying jobs. He was let go with good reason. The second one was a complete waste of my time as a manager. We interviewed him on the phone because we have people from all over the country working for us. He passed the interview with flying colors. Before flying him in p 

I have seen a lot of resumes (CVs) that go into excruciating detail about a person’s life.  I have a firm belief that it should never be longer than two pages, no matter how long your storied career has lasted.  If they can summarize someone like President Obama or Trump down into one or two pages, you should be able to do it to. Anyway, back in the HP days I was reading a lot of Resumes that stretched up to five pages (well, reading isn’t the right word).  The reading would be followed by a technical interview followed by a recommendation to my team.  The truth is, that they maybe hired two or 

No. As a hiring manager I never really cared. I used the situational method of interviewing where you use hypothetical situations where the interviewee had to answer with real life examples. The idea is a leopard does not change it's spots. The fact of the matter is interviewing is dicey at best. With the situation that HR has created now, it is almost impossible to get good quality people in to interview. Key word scoring of resumes makes HR even more lazy than they already are. A friend who works at a major corporation was listening to me rant about the incompetence of HR flunkies (I took H 

Why do so many people with expensive degrees settle for low-paying jobs?
 “Settle” for low-paying jobs? You can’t be serious, Dude. There was a time in the US when you could get a great job if you earned a bachelor’s degree in “anything.” The catch is that JFK was president at the time. Thomas B Walsh's answer to Why do so many universities offer worthless majors? Most parents (and their students) are oblivious to how college really works today. In some ways it is hard to blame them. Colleges and universities have a powerful public relations team, pushing the message 24/7 that "college is for all." The team is made up of educators, guidance counselors, financial aid office 

Question: Why do so many people settle for low-paying jobs with expensive degrees? Answer: I have a degree. It was not from an expensive university. Also, every job I have ever had has been a low-paying job. I was born in Wyoming, in the United States. In 2017, I graduated with a bachelor’s degree in mathematics, and minor in computer science from a public university in Colorado. I work low-paying jobs because applying for mid-level and high-level jobs does not work. Every time I submitted an job-application, I received an email within seconds saying, “We have successfully received your application fo 

After college, people are still lost and finding themselves. We are honest, people are still kids at 18–22. People are still trying to figure out life. You do need to at least build some relevant skills, self-efficacy, and learn to work with people for at least 3–4 years as a professional. Unfortunately, cultures are telling everyone to get married and have kids. So you have to work, that can play a role in why people settle for low-paying jobs. Other factors include not having a sense of direction. Are not applying themselves. “Just get a job that pays the bills” is messing people up. They get 

This is based on a common misconception. Companies don’t hire people because they are highly educated. They hire them because either they are skilled or they are likely to become skilled. In essence they hire people because they are intelligent and functional. They want people who are likely to do the job to a high standard. That is it, that is all that matters. In the past only the intelligent went to University and only the really intelligent passed. So anyone with a degree would immediately get positive attention. Now though it doesn’t really help differentiate people, so it is pretty much i 

I have rarely seen so many bad answers to a question on here. Why do so many people with expensive degrees settle for low paying jobs? I can tell you some answers from a half dozen people I know who settled for low paying jobs. It was not because they couldn’t find high paying jobs. Nor was it because of student loans, which makes no sense given if that was problem, then they wouldn’t have the degree. Because they would rather have the flexibility of a low paying job to spend time with family. I’ve heard this one twice, from people with good degrees.Because they are flat out unmotivated. I’ve hear

Unlike most people who answered this question. I know what you mean. Let's start with tradition. As kids we observe habits our parents have and life changes generationally. What worked for your parents isn't necessarily going to work for you. We are told the importance of working and providing for ourselves and others. However, there aren't many that challenge the status quo. From 17 until now (29) I've had a different job in a totally different field nearly every year or so. I wasn't content and didn't want to settle. Back in the day, changing jobs frequently was more taboo, but if you've worke 

Because All degrees are expensive now, and student loans are predatory. According to this report, The average US student spends $25,396 per year to attend a four year college. To take out a total of $100k in loans means paying back $100k plus interest. I won’t explain the entire poverty cycle here, suffice to say that until you get a really well-paying job, the only things you’re doing in life are working a terrible job and paying loans.“Entry level” tech or comp sci job applications frequently require more experience than someone who has just graduated college has, and don’t pay very well for 

TL;DR: the cost of the degree is not a measure of the value of the person in the labor market. I think this happens because many expensive degrees are actually not relevant for real life jobs. I read recently an article about some Spanish guys that were not able to find jobs in their area of expertise, but their area was so small the number of graduates was many times higher than the market needs. It was something like marine biology, but there are many other similar areas. Another reason is that too many people pursue advanced (and expensive) degrees just to spend a bit more time of college lif 

There are 4 main reasons Because college education is not as good as it used to be. College for all is a big thing and has been for a couple of decades. That means alot of dummies have college degrees now. people tend to choose stupid worthless degrees. Anything in an easy degree/major probably will not pay well ever for the vast majority of people. People are told to study what you love or are passionate about. That is probably the worst advice ever if you want to make much money unless you happen to be passionate about computer science or engineering. How many art majors, English literature, c 

The person needs the money and has pounded their head against the employment wall for long enough to run out of either patience or money. Not every degree pays off. You need to learn to research both jobs and careers. I knew a guy who got a microbiology degree. The best he could do to get a job in his industry was lab washup monkey. He cleaned the place for about minimum wage. He left his “industry” behind and started doing something like selling cars. Overview of BLS Wage Data by Area and Occupation Database Administrators The second is there for an example. Every kid reaching maturity should be tau 

I low-balled my "desired salary" for a position I'm applying to, not realizing that the norm was a fair bit higher. They've requested an interview. Would it be okay to raise my desired salary if it comes up?
First, I’d assume that your desired salary was entered into their application. That said, you have not even had your first interview yet. There has been no commitment made by either side. They are going to interview you to determine if you are qualified for the job, and if you are even more so than the other candidates. It does seem that many companies are willing to compromise performance of the candidate for lower pay. If your prospective employer is willing to do that, then also realize the tasks they would have you working on would be at the low-end of the excitement and challenge scale (unle 

Here is a skillful technique for handling this situation. First of all, do not mention salary until (unless) they offer you a job. At that point, if they offer you the low salary you noted, you can reply something like this: Thank you. I realize I requested this salary, and I feel it is a fair starting salary, as you do not yet know my value as an employee. I have also done some additional research, and I have leared that people (using this specific skill / or /with this training and job title) are often paid (higher salary). So I would like to propose the following. I will accept your offer as 

I got my first position by virtue of having the lowest asking price of acceptable folks they interviewed. Nothing wrong with that. Get the job by whatever means. Then shine in that job and ask for more. If they don’t give it, then you’ve got a job while you look for your next. In my case, After we had both seen each other, I had no problem getting steady raises well over simple cost of living adjustments. But you have a duty to look out for your own future. Your employer is looking out for their future. And everything is negotiable. If they ask you about your desired salary, you can tell them tha 

All that you have done up to this point is to indicate that you do not have an inflated, airy-fairy, notion of what people at your job level, in your field, ought to be paid. When the company gets around to making you a job offer, they will name a salary figure which is somewhere around the middle of those being paid to new entrants in such a job. They are not sitting back scheming how they can get you cheaply, and cheat you relative to other employees. If they did behave that way, most of their people would not be working there very long. If they decide to hire you, they are not going to ask yo 

Don’t feel alone in this one. In the past I have done the same thing with the desired salary I have asked for. Realize that you need the job so you don’t want to scare the potential employer away from the table with a high asking salary. to answer your question, yes of course you should say something like “after looking at the job description in detail I think that an annual salary of (blank$) would match up with the responsibilities that this position requires. I’m open to negotiate this so it’s not a deal breaker”. the reason I stand behind this approach is due to the fact it took me 12 ye 

Not only would it be “OK” for you to raise your desired salary expectation, either in the interview, or certainly prior to accepting a job, it is absolutely in your best interests to do so. I’ll repeat…do not commit to a below standard compensation package in order to get a job, this job or any other job. There are two good reasons for making sure that your beginning wage is fair to you, the job applicant… Every successive wage increase you receive, will be a factor, typically a percentage, of your beginning wage. So if you start low, you will obviously miss out on fair increases in the future. S

Depends on the circumstances, of course. As a recruiting part - I’d tell you to duck off (typo intended) because of the assumption that you threw a low number to get my attention because you fear being rejected (hence not trusting my integrity and/or your worth) otherwise. That’s manipulative and dishonest. As a co-human - I’d advise you to go not mentioning anything up to the point that they offer you the requested salary. Then, I’d play dumb duck and explain that there must have been a misunderstanding, a typo, bug in the software, magic and the bazzoba event. And of course ask if they’d be of 

This should be a lesson to anyone else reading. Never tell a recruiter your desired salary. As a former recruiter, I can tell you that it puts you at a disadvantage. Now that it’s done, in the interview, if they ask again, tell them that you expect to be paid a competitive salary that matches your experience and skills. And let them know you feel confident that if they decide to make an offer that it will be a good one (I wouldn’t necessarily mention having done some research because they probably expect that you would have already known what the job pays). Leave it at that. Most companies have  

The best way to play this is to interview them. Turn the tables. Ask somewhat aggressive questions, as if you are evaluating whether they are worth your value. If they bring up your lowball salary, point out to them that such a low salary would only be under ideal working conditions. They would need to provide adequate perks to make up for the discount…. You are willing to sacrifice the perks for a higher salary. Do you see what you did there? You showed them your VALUE is not less than anybody else's, but you are flexible in how that value is compensated. Most companies don't offer cars and fre 

First, you might want to determine if the interview was granted based on your knowledge, experience and talent, rather than the amount you're willing to take for the job. Secondly. I caution you about allowing greed to steal your joy or the possible accomishment of obtaining a job that will either make you happy or place you in a position to eventually achieve happiness. Originally, you applied for this job and offered to take the salary you did for some reason. I suggest you go back to that reason and stand behind your original offer because it shows fortitude, honesty and decisiveness on your 

I have an offer letter. My boss asked to show the offer letter. He said that if I showed it, he would give me the same package. What should I do?
Yes, you can! Yes, my answer is much different than others, but Yes you can still show, with some smartness  Some here are saying asking offer letter in not ethical, which is debatable, but the point is your boss is “asking” and not “forcing”. You can always don’t show if you want. If I were you I will still show, with smartness. Okay coming to the answer, there are genuine reasons why organizations still ask offer letter of going to be resigning employee. To understand the market value: Many times, mangers need to know if they are paying their employees to the market standards. Of course, many org

Never tell them who, but always show them the terms of the offer. I was told to not show anything. My current employer said she would match it to keep me. I resented that she could have paid me voluntarily, it took another trying to steal me to wake her up. I let her know the details, she did match it, but I was stupid. I left. For what I thought were greener pastures. The new job was a shit show, the owners had sold off 51% of the company to stay afloat. It wasn’t the “partnership” they had sold me on. After six months, I watched the lay offs, the shut downs due to lack of work. I tried to go ba 

Hi. You are holding another offer in your hand because you already decided to quit the present company. Never ever show your current employer the offer that you have in hand. And I'll tell you why. Once you decide to quit the organisation and have secured an offer, stick by your decision. The reason is that most of the recruiters operate in a strong network and connectivity, especially if you were selected through a third-party staffing agency. Accepting an offer and not joining the company leaves negative feedback which might hinder with a better opportunity in a future date.If you were selecte

By viewing the other answers, I can see that my answer is going to be controversial. I think you should show your current employer your new offer letter, but only if you are entertaining the idea of staying with your current employer. Let me explain… I work for a 15 Million dollar company and am at the top management level. I wish there was a way to know each employee individually, but I am only human. There is no way for me to do this, especially considering most of the employees work at a different site. That doesn’t mean we don’t care. We do care, immensely. None of the owners/upper managemen 

I don't know what other people are on about about never showing them. I've always showed my previous employers the offer letters I've received. Almost every time, the end result was a pay rise. Having the experience as both an employer and an employee, I've always respected almost all my employers enough to tell them if I'm not entirely satisfied with the work, or if I'm looking for other work. In Australia, the reality is there's a significant number of 'bludgers', as in people who clock in at 9, clock off at 5, don't put in more than they need to, and have no interest in being challenged. If a 

WHAT EVERY EMPLOYER DOESN’T WANT YOU TO KNOW! You are in a very good position because now you have two different companies that want you. Keep in mind, companies exist for the sole purpose of making money off your back. You toil and they reap all the profits. Tables are now turned and you are in control of your own destiny. (You always had but probably gave it up sometime in the past) Now it’s your turn to bargain for what you want which you fully deserve, have every right to do and shouldn’t settle for anything less. You have the opportunity to play one employer against the other. Your current  

Thanks for A2A! Don’t show the offer letter to your boss or anyone in your company for the following reasons: It’s indecent on the part of your boss to ask to see the offer letter and all the more demeaning to hike your pay based on the offer letter.If he or the company valued your expertise/contributions so much why didn’t they hike your pay beforehand?Or rather what made you to look outside for better opportunities.On extreme case, since the corporate world is small and everyone is networked in virtual world (like Linkedin), you never know who is playing you behind your back. What if your boss

If you decide that you will stay at your current job if you get a raise then show your boss the offer letter from the other company. I would not send him an electronic copy (show him the actual hard copy of the letter) instead of emailing it to him because then he can show it to anyone he wants. Your boss wants to see if you actually do have another offer. You would be surprised how many people want a raise so they lie and say they got another offer and give their boss an ultimatum. In my experience people don’t like ultimatums. Often the persons boss will call their bluff and ask to see the o 

If you have received an offer letter from a prospective employer, this means that you have interviewed with another company and intend to leave your current employer for a new one. Congrats. Here are a few things to keep in mind. HR is not looking out for your best interest, they are hired by the company to protect the company from potential liability.Never brag or show your offer letter to anyone else, it is strictly confidential material and its best to keep it to yourself. There is no sense in bragging or gloating, people will find out when they look at your updated LinkedIn profile.Make sure

I was surprised to see the majority of the answers with an emphatic ‘no’. So, I guess it comes down to the environment one works. In my case, it’s not unexpected for a person to move onto a better opportunity. I was very straight forward with my boss with my last offer (which included an extra week of leave and a substantial bump in pay). To my surprise, they matched it. I didn’t think the contract could support such a substantial bump. The company that tried to hire me understands too (I turned them down because they came in $5k under what they said they’d do).  Currently, I’m a D.C. beltway cont 

In my 15 years of employment, I've never asked for a raise, now I'm actually one of the lowest paid employees. How can I get this rectified, or should I stay quiet (11.75 hr) retail maintenance?
I once worked for a man (the President/owner) who said he’d never pay anyone (that he employed) more than $15. — This was because, some 25 years earlier, that’s the wage he was given by the only boss/only man he ever worked for; since then, he’d been on his own as a general contractor. I was high up in the corporation; that’s the only reason I heard such a thing. Our construction foreman made $16.50/hr and had been told, by the owner, never to ask him for another raise. I knew what he made, because I made his paycheck.  The owner had no interest in what inflation did to money. About a year before  

I had never ASKED for a raise at any job before and just went by their scheduled raises or performance reviews. Then one job (grocery retail) that had a tiered pay raise system based on how many hours you’d put in, I found out they were hiring new hires at a rate just a bit below what I was currently making. More than I had been hired at, so if I had started out at the rate they were now hiring people at, I would be making much more. So I finally for the first time ASKED for a raise. I first searched online for samples of raise request letters and altered them enough to fit more my style while 

When I was quite young I had been working for a sheetmetal shop after school during the week and on Saturdays. After a year and a half I decided to go into my boss's office and ask for a raise. As I walked in he glanced my way for a second and asked,”what can I do for you, kid?” That was my name at that shop, everyone called me kid. My boss was huge, he was from Texas, I wont say his name here but even that was intimidating. Anyway, I answered back,” I'm in here asking for a dollar per hour raise, I think I'm worth it.” It took all the balls I had to say that. He stopped what he was doing and  

You can ask, but not forcefully. Look at other job opportunities to see what your market is. Apply for a few jobs and see who requests interviews. You don’t need to necessarily go to any, but it’s evidence you can use to show what you are worth. If you take it too far, be willing to take one of those other jobs. Some managers hate the idea of losing an argument or negotiation, and will force you to lose even if you are right in your assessment. I’m not good at reverse psychology or negotiation, but I know the tactic is to get them to negotiate for you instead of against you. It’s a bit tricky  

Question: In my 15 years of employment, I've never asked for a raise, now I'm actually one of the lowest paid employees. How can I get this rectified, or should I stay quiet (11.75 hr) retail maintenance? You are probably going to need to change jobs, I’m afraid. Let’s think about things: You’ve been there for 15 yearsYou state that you haven’t had a raise in many years (if ever)The company hasn’t given you a cost of living wage raise just to be doing something.You haven’t been promoted.You haven’t left before now.Frankly, your employer has no reason to give you a raise. They aren’t impressed wit 

Absolutely prepare yourself for winning. Build out your résumé. Make it GREAT. Include all the things you can do, including licenses &amp; certifications — which you can take elsewhere. Next, do research to see what the market says is normal for your skill set. Maybe even have a confidential discussion with a Recruiter to see what they would say. Then, armed with that info, go to your boss and explain why you deserve a raise. If they say there’s nothing they can do, go to HR, and discuss it with them. If they refuse to increase your pay to at least the middle of the salary range you show them, start  

You have to know your worth. If you stay in the same job for years with the same pay and say nothing, your employer has no reason to change things. My experience of this is starting as an apprentice and working my way up, with raises as I went. The company was very good to learn in, but salaries weren't competitive. Eventually I got tired of looking at job adverts offering better pay for only some of what I was skilled in, and I left. I think I was still seen as that apprentice who started years ago, and wasn't taken particularly seriously even though my skills and work attitude had matured a lo 

My son is high school math teacher at a private school. He told his principal that he wanted a raise to get closer to what the public high schools make (~$15K more/year). At this point she has still not responded with a yes or no. I encouraged him to update his resume and consider looking for positions at other schools. He needs to talk with her again in order to judge whether he should start looking. You need to be strategic. Save as much of an emergency fund as you can. One of the key sociological/cultural reasons for the ‘gender pay gap’ is that women are much less likely to ask for raises th 

In Canada, raise is not mandatory so many people get none or get less than a dollar. The only way to make sure they get bigger pay is to switch companies every couple years and their salary will increase much more than if they stay in one company. Loyalty is not appreciated like in old times, and like when you were employed by that company. On the contrary, people like you get taken for granted. That is unfortunate. I do not think that you can ask for and get a raise that will match your current market value so before you ask for it start looking for another job. If your raise gets denied you c 

Look for a better paying job. Tell your boss you’re leaving. Ofcourse, he/she will ask why are you leaving, if he/she values you as an employee. Tell him/her straight up you have a better paying job and need it because you cannot support yourself anymore. I don’t know where you live, but to give you an idea, 15 years ago, when I purchased my new house, it cost me $300,000. 15 years later, my house can be sold for 1.1million dollars. 15 years ago, gas cost 0.50 cents.. Today it costs $1.1. Price of everything has increased. How the hell did your boss not give you a raise every year. Many compan 

During salary negotiations, I severely undervalued myself and threw out a very low number. The HM offered just a little over the number I said. Is there any way I can drive up the offer at this point? (There's no scope for negotiating other benefits)
An employee asked me for a raise but I didn't give it to him so he resigned. I really need him now for a project. How can I get him back?
What kind of jobs do software engineers who earn $500k per year do?
Disclosure: I'm an ex-Googler. This answer does not represent the company. The premise of the question is somewhat misguided in that there are no $500K guaranteed "earnings" out there for engineers. As the article mentions, this is a combination of salary and restricted stock units (RSU). To explain what you'd need to do to get there, let me offer an analogy: If you're a worker in a village who supplies said village with water, you are valuable to its people. There are two types of workers: Type 1 worker: Grabs an empty bucket or two, goes to the sweet water lake, fills them up, comes back and mak 

First, $500,000 per year and $3 million require very different strategies. Decent financial quants get $500,000 per year, including bonus. You have to be strong, but you don't need to be a "rock star". I know smart people you've never heard of who are earning $300k-1.5M as quants. Unlike in the Valley, where you need to be a 10x self-seller and put up with VCs and become a celebrity to make any money in code, you can get moderately rich just by being a good programmer in finance. (Some people say that programmers are second-class citizens in finance, compared to traders banking millions, and th 

Software engineers who make $500k a year do the same job as most of the rest of them. They just do it a bit more broadly, or a bit more deeply. And they have experience which puts them at a premium. Here’s some examples of positions held by software engineers I know who make or made $500k or more a year. Distinguished engineer, principal engineer, director of engineering, vice president, software architect, software engineering manager, software engineer. In other words, all along the spectrum of software engineering. Here’s what got them paid so highly. Desirability. Everyone loves a successful 

I'm not really a fan of the mystical answers that ascribe super human wisdom, morality, etc. to people who manage to make good money.  For one thing, it overcomplicates how one makes money in capitalism.I know plenty of people that make well in excess of 500k doing "dumb" things. These people are not super humans saving a village with a new water source. They just identified a good market.  Second, the mystical answers imply that people who make less are intellectually and morally inferior, shortsighted, etc. In fact, it's easier to make a lot of money as a software engineer in a gambling, porn 

Instead of building a self-help seminar out of this question, I'll just try and actually answer it.  :-) To make around $500K/year in the valley, you'd typically be getting a mixture of base pay, bonus, and equity - mostly equity. To get to a total of around $500K as a software engineer, you need to have a successful career at one or more Tier 1 tech companies (e.g. Google, Facebook, etc), and around 8 years work experience on BS or MS degree, or around 5 years on a PhD degree. You are probably doing some management but not necessarily. You're really (really) good, meaning: top notch education, 

Nearly none. Software personnel may make up to 100k a year but anything beyond that and you're looking at a .01% margin, where the rest are all under 80k a year. Engineers can make that much but it's pretty rare too. If you want to make 500k a year you have to invent something or be so rare that basically you have no competition. Nothing about software “engineers” is that valuable, unfortunately. Again, not unless you invent something or say start a company. Too often, naive college students think that with their degree they are going to start making 100k a year… because degree. The reality wil 

I understand, that engineering salaries are controlled by “managers” based on whatever MBA criteria: corporate KPIs and meeting other abstract HR-set “goals”, credentials of the academic (MIT, CalTech, etc.) and previous employment (Google and other “big tech”) kind, connections, and everything else, except for the actual quality programming, that makes or saves millions one’s salary is paid out of. Let’s look at it for once from the technical instead of “managerial” perspective. Think about. How much QA cycles cause by programmers mindlessly throwing half-baked shit over the wall, costs? Server 

People contracting in Siebel were earning £1600/day (directly to them, before tax) - that is probably $500k/year.  But there are better ways to make money. I would think twice about entering into technology. It is really really hard work and the pay-off is not as good as say becoming an investment banker. In technology, you have to continue educating yourself as technology changes every moment. You could climb up the ladder and become an [IT] Architect - but there too you are not immune from these changes. Infact you are more affected by them (sure you no longer need to posssess in-depth technol 

There’s nothing magical about the 500k figure, first of all — trust me, from having been on both sides of that, it’s not as if rainbows and unicorns appear as soon as your W-2 crosses 500k. It seems that’s become a theme in a bunch of Quora questions. But seeing this as a proxy for high compensation in general, the labor markets are efficient enough that people who are leading technical efforts that are at the core of a company’s business edge are participating in the results of that business edge, often to the tune of millions of dollars. That said, sometimes people just get lucky (early emplo 

$500K may sound exorbitant, but in a field of 1K engineers on the same effort and someone saves that improving your code in a few days; are the not worth that salary ? This is without RSUs.  The Valley is on fire for Tech, and there are experts that can outshine and outproduce 50 individual programmers. What may have been in December is much different now in many ways.  The competition for experienced and wizardry is intense.  There are more $tartups and VC money in the Valley than we have ever seen.  If one judges things from even 3 months ago, you will find many strategic pivots have occurred. 

I asked my boss for a raise but he said I didn't deserve it, so I sent him my resignation letter. Now he is asking me to stay with a higher salary. Should I accept his offer?
No matter what, you can only do this once. And, you don’t get what you deserve, you get what you negotiate. I am a manager at a mid-sized company and deal with this situation everyday. Here is my approach. When an employee is asking for a raise, there is an implied threat that everyone understands. The employee clearly thinks their market value is higher than the company is offering. I understand that. I might feel the same way about my own situation. Still, I have a specific job to do and that means maximizing the value to the stakeholders of the company. I also have HR looking at everything an 

The experts will tell you - never - never - EVER accept a counter-offer. Your resignation has already placed you in the outer circle and you will remain there forever. Just leave. A resignation cannot raise your value to the company - he is lying to you. Anecdote: One of our team members - a critical player - wanted a raise and the project boss said no - flat no. So he resigned. Next our project boss took all us leaders into a room to discuss options. He said the project budget had an additional $5000 due to the resignation of another, lower-level resource. Everyone scratched their head. “He’s  

First let me say that in your case I think I agree that you should not accept his offer. But I don’t think that is because you should never accept a counter offer. So first, why you maybe shouldn’t stay. You made the right move by asking for a raise first. I don’t know how you asked. There may be room for improvement there, generally you need some kind of leverage or logic to request a raise. Maybe you asked perfectly. The important thing is it gave you a chance to evaluate what your employer thought of you, or at least the manager. If he unequivocally said you didn’t deserve a raise as your qu 

I have managed teams of people and had people under me do the same thing and then the management above me suddenly was supportive of a raise (which they rejected when I first made a case for it). I am not someone to beat around the bush and I would not try to get someone a raise who had not earned it. If they asked I would explain that they were not in a position to get one and provide them feedback on things they could do to improve and earn that raise. I did one time have an employee do this and when I had a meeting in the office with them about the pay raise, they bluntly asked me if they sh 

I’ve been in this situation before with a Company I worked for, been with them for 4 years and at the same salary and have seen others get raises. This was a restaurant and that company did very well financially as they owed 16 of them, the problem was not they could not afford raises it was the owner himself who was very very cheap to the point when things in the kitchen broke and needed to either be fixed or replaced it would take over 6 months because the owner was just to cheap. Only a small few people ever got a raise and it was very little, the owner always had an excuse for everything.  

If I were you, I would not accept counter offer instead take the new one or would scout for another one. An organization who can't recognize the right talent and cant retain them can't sustain in long term. In fact companies are made of people and values. Once this is lost, there is not point to continue even if it's a lucrative counter offer. You would get into the same situation next time again. Let me tell you a story. There was a kid in a village who was really smart in all that he does. He was first in class, first in sports, social work etc. All villagers liked the kid since he was kind of 

Yes, you likely should remain with your present employer at the higher salary. Salaries and wages usually are and should be “business verses personality”. It is not a matter of deserving, it is a simple mater of simple economics. In illustrative numbers, if the average economic pay for your type services is 1000 units per period and you are doing a good job for 750 units; then your employer is getting the work done for well below average economic cost. If you quit and leave, your employer is likely going to have to pay the replacement that it hires 1000 units per period or more. The replacement’s 

There are two almost contradictory thought processes that I bounce back and forth between. Thought process #1: The cynic Corporate America is a giant system designed to get you, the employee, to work more for less money. Anything they can do or say to get you to keep doing crappy work so they don’t have to, they will. You are a cog in the machine. Your feelings, personality, and uniqueness only matter as much as you continue to show up on time and perform the responsibilities you have been assigned. Your relationship only exists because you want money, and the company has a task they are willing 

Many years ago there was a saying that was very popular. You never miss the water till the well runs dry. It has been my experience that big firms. companies have a set way of doing things. I worked for a computer company, many year ago. I commuted 66 miles each way each day, from New Hampshire to Massachusetts. The company was building a plant in New Hampshire which would have cut my commute to just 33 miles each way. I asked to be transferred to the new facility which opened in September that year. My manager said you will be one of the first to set up in the new plant. Then he sent 3 other people 

It was my first job as a programmer. I was desperate for a job and just out of college. I couldn’t get a job in what I studied, but utilized a skill that I taught myself when I was younger: programming. However, I had no real world experience and had only been doing it for about 5 years as a hobby. I was grateful for the job and even got a raise from $10 to $12 after 6 months fixing bugs and adding new features to the software. Things were going great, but I started to notice something: I was getting better at what I did. I was being asked to do more. And I was also being micromanged to hell —  

Is 60k a year a high salary in the U.S.?
Has your boss ever denied your request for a raise? If so, what did you do?
What is the greatest paradox of becoming wealthy?
Becoming wealthy create conditions that make it very easy for you to become petty, or to become an asshole and stop treating everyone with the respect they deserve. One of the best analogies for the human psyche that I have heard is that it operates like a thermostat. Our emotions are calibrated such that we have internal emotional cadences, where we will spend a certain amount of our time happy, a certain time stressed out, sad, etc. I believe our emotions evolved to focus our energies on solving the problems we needed to solve in order to survive - finding enough food and shelter, finding a m 

What sums it up for me is the famous Lennon quote "Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans." Back when I was single sharing an apartment with two friends had zero money, just living paycheck to paycheck was some really happy times. We would train and go dancing and clubbing and had a ball. Then I fell in love with this girl in 2000: (my housemate)  Then I got married in 2003 and still had no “wealth” but we were happy. We both worked and paid for our own wedding and 5 week honeymoon across Canada. Arrival of the bride:  Then we worked and saved and bought a house in the subur 

A few years ago I was invited to a gathering at the house of a very rich man in one of the upscale desert cities southeast of Los Angeles. For the sole purpose of parties and weekend retreats, he had built an Italianate villa on a large piece of land opening up onto the wilderness. The house was partially circumscribed by a crescent shaped infinity pool that fell off into nothingness before the great rolling hills of the Sonoran landscape. The walls retracted so that the entire dwelling seemed intimately joined with this outdoor paradise. Its interior was appointed in the most opulent manner,  

Growing up in a totalitarian state, we’ve had a very limited access to consumer goods. There were shortages in the stores and if you were fortunate to obtain some shoes or a piece of furniture, they were usually grim and misshapen. I remember the moment when I held a foreign magazine in my hands - the aromatic pages were glossy and cool, the gorgeous models looked like no one I knew in real life and the life they showed was like a magical fairy tale. It was a little glimpse of paradise. When I first immigrated to US, a couple of decades ago, I became desperately poor. Despite being in the land o 

When I was younger, there was this rich man who was friends with my family. He would often visit me, and I asked him something akin to this question. He never directly answered me, rather he explained it using the game I was playing at the time. (He was a gamer oddly enough.) The game was Minecraft. Yes, I was taught the biggest paradox of being wealthy by Minecraft. He directed me to start a new world with one goal: Build my entire house from diamond blocks in survival mode. Yes, I'm serious.  So, I hopped into a new world, I built a house out of wood, and after securing a good amount of food, I wen 

Wealth is assets that earn while you sleep—businesses, products, media, robots, investments, land. Money is how we transfer wealth; it’s the social credits and debits of other people’s time. Money isn’t going to solve all your problems, but it’s going to fulfill your basic requirements, like healthcare and education. Status is your rank in a social hierarchy like politics or sports. It’s a zero-sum game: to be a winner, there must be a loser. Status is an old game that predicted survival in the hunter-gatherer days, before we had technologies for creating wealth. Politics is an example of a st 

There are several. Here are a few of the most common ones I’ve noticed: Most people put off doing the things they really want to do until they hit some arbitrary number in their business or career. Then, when they hit that number, they continue putting the things they want off because they are “too busy” to pursue them.At a certain point, wealth becomes a hindrance to happiness. I know a lot of very rich men (who make 10–20X what I do) who are miserable. They don’t use their wealth to buy back their time or enjoy themselves, they only use it to make more wealth.The best things in life are always

I went from being skint to wealthy (net worth approx. GBP 2 million) by the time I was 40. Some of the wealth came from shrewd (or lucky) investments and some from my wife’s inheritance. I saw my brother go from being skint (left school without qualifications) to wealthy ($200K / year job) to mega-wealthy (net worth approx. USD 50 million). He started a very successful company that was sold. What have I concluded?For me, with financial security came a realisation that there was no longer any value in working very hard to try to get a better paying job, e.g. being paid GBP 10K more per year to t 

For me, there are so many: My income and income taxes are significantly lower than when I was far less wealthy.I am in more debt (mostly real estate) than I’ve ever been in my life.It is a bit lonely. I no longer work full time but all my friends, my siblings and my wife still do.I stubbornly cling to my middle class roots and lifestyle despite my high net worth. I do it so that my relationships with my friends, family and spouse aren’t ruined by money and my young kids don’t get spoiled.Generally, my friends are less wealthy but live in larger and newer houses than me, yet my unassuming 3 bedr

In the grand scheme of things, I have always been wealthy. Even when I was poor, compared to the ~100 billion humans who’ve walked the earth, I was despicably wealthy. Judged by American standards, I’ve been desperately poor once (homeless as a drug addict), quite poor a few times including most of my childhood (welfare, government food, free school lunches). I was solidly middle class from 2002–2017. After that, we moved and moved again. The pay followed. We’re substantially more well off than we were five years ago. I’ve promised myself that I’ll be as transparent as decorum (in this case, I  

How do the poor often waste the little money they do have?
This question is written with so much bias and stigma. Axiomatically the poor have little money and the question is how do they waste it. In my life, I’ve been both poor and well into the middle class. These days I’m more at the higher end of that range. There is an entire economic system determined to exploit the poor. When I was in University, I wanted to get a credit card. The credit card company was very condescending and explained how they were doing me favor by giving me a credit card. A while later my card was cloned and I had to swear under penalty on a recorded line that the transaction 

I see a lot of somewhat altruistic answers here related to systematic perpetuation of the poor. While that may be true in many examples, I interpreted the original question to be more about what do poor people choose to spend money on that is wasteful instead of trying to no longer be poor. Yes there’s a systematic process whereby it costs more to live poor than it does middle-class, but I also suggest that many of those systematic pressures are self-inflicted. The below summaries aren’t intended to cover everyone that’s considered poor or lower class, just those that I felt the question was ai 

When you’re broke, you can’t take advantage of sales, buy in bulk, or invest enough in prevention and maintenance. You might skimp on oil changes and end up needing a rebuilt engine, or put off going to the doctor until what could’ve been fixed with some rest now requires surgery. The psychological toil zaps your energy. You have trouble sleeping, which makes it more difficult to work and think clearly in general. Your mind becomes so preoccupied with worry you worry you’re forgetting about something if it isn’t. It’s difficult to enjoy the few good breaks you get because you always have to be  

Oh this is easy for me because I was dirt poor and worked my way out of it. Yes, when poor you lack some of the benefits of the wealthy. But I know how determined I was to get out. I studied every night to get straight A’s in school. My parents wouldn’t pay for college and I decided I was going anyway. Not one day did I sit back and wait for anything to be given to me. I wanted to EARN IT! I applied to small private schools and they offered me scholarships to go there. I worked 16 hours a day, every day I was home in the summer. I cleaned houses, was a crossing guard, worked for some veterinar 

Being poor in America is expensive. In my area, it costs $7 to cash your paycheck without a bank account. Most of the poor never have enough money saved to open an account. It costs them $4 to get a cashier’s check to pay one bill. If they have to get a check to pay power bill, garbage bill, electric bill, water bill and sewer, that is $20. Some have a credit card they can pre-pay in order to pay bills. That costs a $5 fee and the bank may charge a similar fee for every transaction. If they got their furniture at a rent to own center, they are paying over 50% interest on a sofa marked up by 100 

OK, here’s an example: For seven years my wife and I rented an apartment to a family. We rented to them because they were originally from the same Asian island nation as my wife and she thought she would be more comfortable with them. They were late on their rent almost every month. But the recycling bin was always full to the brim with take-out containers and I would see delivery drivers coming to the door a lot. She had a perfectly fine 10 year old Toyota compact car in good condition, but she traded it in for a used Kia at one of those “We Finance Anyone” places. The car lot even put their own 

When your poor everything cost more. Because stores like costco you need a membership which most poor people can’t afford. And stores like Ralps cost more to buy items in singles than packs. Even having a place to live, for example my friend and wife was poor, and didn’t have credit so he couldn't rent a apartment, so they had to live in a motel. For him to live in a shitty single room motel which was probably 200 square feet in a shitty neighborhood cost $80 to $100 a night. So every month he has to pay almost $3,000 a month. At the end they couldn't afford it anymore so he had to go back to h 

Over a lot of “stupid shit”! My Aunt Mary (mid 80’s age and frail) makes some poor financial and mental decisions and this is what keeps her in “da poor house" First , she NEVER saved for her retirement. She believed her narsasistic husband would always provide for her. Unfortunately he just gave enough only for her to exist- even after her divorce from him (she should have filed with ss and would have gotten half his check but noo!!!! $250.00 a month from her ex was good cause he “loved her”). Only when he does croak did she get a “windfall" from social security which is social security surviv 

When we were first married, we were broke. Broke. We lived from very small paycheck to really small paycheck. We got an extra $100 and blew it on fun at a go cart track. We got a credit card, and bought a boat motor. We got a big windfall of cash, we bought a camper. After all, we didn't have much fun. We deserved some fun. After a few years of fun, we were up to our nostrils in debt. We had a wallet full of maxed out credit cards. Every time the phone rang, we cringed. Debt collectors hounded us to death. We needed to buy a home, but couldn't muster up enough credit to make a down payment on a 

A little over 5 years ago i graduated high school and joined the Marine Corps. As most at the time i had a previous job at a fast food restaurant but nothing that could really prepare me for what was coming next. I was out of my parents house earning a bit over $1,400 per month. It’s not much looking back but at the time that was a lot for me. Specially since i was only making 100–200$ per week a few months back. I had no rent or mortgage, no car or any loans of the sort. However i somehow manage to spend my entire paycheck every month without exception. Most of it went to “fun” times and busines 

If you become extremely rich, is it possible to keep it a secret or is it bound to become public?
What is the greatest paradox of becoming wealthy?
Becoming wealthy create conditions that make it very easy for you to become petty, or to become an asshole and stop treating everyone with the respect they deserve. One of the best analogies for the human psyche that I have heard is that it operates like a thermostat. Our emotions are calibrated such that we have internal emotional cadences, where we will spend a certain amount of our time happy, a certain time stressed out, sad, etc. I believe our emotions evolved to focus our energies on solving the problems we needed to solve in order to survive - finding enough food and shelter, finding a m 

What sums it up for me is the famous Lennon quote "Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans." Back when I was single sharing an apartment with two friends had zero money, just living paycheck to paycheck was some really happy times. We would train and go dancing and clubbing and had a ball. Then I fell in love with this girl in 2000: (my housemate)  Then I got married in 2003 and still had no “wealth” but we were happy. We both worked and paid for our own wedding and 5 week honeymoon across Canada. Arrival of the bride:  Then we worked and saved and bought a house in the subur 

A few years ago I was invited to a gathering at the house of a very rich man in one of the upscale desert cities southeast of Los Angeles. For the sole purpose of parties and weekend retreats, he had built an Italianate villa on a large piece of land opening up onto the wilderness. The house was partially circumscribed by a crescent shaped infinity pool that fell off into nothingness before the great rolling hills of the Sonoran landscape. The walls retracted so that the entire dwelling seemed intimately joined with this outdoor paradise. Its interior was appointed in the most opulent manner,  

Growing up in a totalitarian state, we’ve had a very limited access to consumer goods. There were shortages in the stores and if you were fortunate to obtain some shoes or a piece of furniture, they were usually grim and misshapen. I remember the moment when I held a foreign magazine in my hands - the aromatic pages were glossy and cool, the gorgeous models looked like no one I knew in real life and the life they showed was like a magical fairy tale. It was a little glimpse of paradise. When I first immigrated to US, a couple of decades ago, I became desperately poor. Despite being in the land o 

When I was younger, there was this rich man who was friends with my family. He would often visit me, and I asked him something akin to this question. He never directly answered me, rather he explained it using the game I was playing at the time. (He was a gamer oddly enough.) The game was Minecraft. Yes, I was taught the biggest paradox of being wealthy by Minecraft. He directed me to start a new world with one goal: Build my entire house from diamond blocks in survival mode. Yes, I'm serious.  So, I hopped into a new world, I built a house out of wood, and after securing a good amount of food, I wen 

Wealth is assets that earn while you sleep—businesses, products, media, robots, investments, land. Money is how we transfer wealth; it’s the social credits and debits of other people’s time. Money isn’t going to solve all your problems, but it’s going to fulfill your basic requirements, like healthcare and education. Status is your rank in a social hierarchy like politics or sports. It’s a zero-sum game: to be a winner, there must be a loser. Status is an old game that predicted survival in the hunter-gatherer days, before we had technologies for creating wealth. Politics is an example of a st 

There are several. Here are a few of the most common ones I’ve noticed: Most people put off doing the things they really want to do until they hit some arbitrary number in their business or career. Then, when they hit that number, they continue putting the things they want off because they are “too busy” to pursue them.At a certain point, wealth becomes a hindrance to happiness. I know a lot of very rich men (who make 10–20X what I do) who are miserable. They don’t use their wealth to buy back their time or enjoy themselves, they only use it to make more wealth.The best things in life are always

I went from being skint to wealthy (net worth approx. GBP 2 million) by the time I was 40. Some of the wealth came from shrewd (or lucky) investments and some from my wife’s inheritance. I saw my brother go from being skint (left school without qualifications) to wealthy ($200K / year job) to mega-wealthy (net worth approx. USD 50 million). He started a very successful company that was sold. What have I concluded?For me, with financial security came a realisation that there was no longer any value in working very hard to try to get a better paying job, e.g. being paid GBP 10K more per year to t 

For me, there are so many: My income and income taxes are significantly lower than when I was far less wealthy.I am in more debt (mostly real estate) than I’ve ever been in my life.It is a bit lonely. I no longer work full time but all my friends, my siblings and my wife still do.I stubbornly cling to my middle class roots and lifestyle despite my high net worth. I do it so that my relationships with my friends, family and spouse aren’t ruined by money and my young kids don’t get spoiled.Generally, my friends are less wealthy but live in larger and newer houses than me, yet my unassuming 3 bedr

In the grand scheme of things, I have always been wealthy. Even when I was poor, compared to the ~100 billion humans who’ve walked the earth, I was despicably wealthy. Judged by American standards, I’ve been desperately poor once (homeless as a drug addict), quite poor a few times including most of my childhood (welfare, government food, free school lunches). I was solidly middle class from 2002–2017. After that, we moved and moved again. The pay followed. We’re substantially more well off than we were five years ago. I’ve promised myself that I’ll be as transparent as decorum (in this case, I  

Do buffet restaurants make money given the huge portions that many people eat?
You’d be surprised. Buffet restaurants can and do make money, so long as they keep track of the food made, the wastage and keep the right areas full at all times.  (from SoYummy[1]) BULK PRICING So much food is made from scratch that the actual cost of the ingredients is on a hugely discounted price. It’s actually the same type of math that’s used when you’re giving money to a food bank, as the amounts they use means that they could probably stretch their food bill from $2 of food for every dollar, to as much as $5 of food for every dollar. RE-PURPOSING All restaurants do this. Yesterday’s grilled fish 

I guess they must do as Buffet restaurants are very popular. The last one I went to was with my parents and my dad was up and down about 4 times filling his plate full. My mum and I however, didn’t eat that much so the restaurant would have made a profit from us two, and I think that’s maybe how it works. Not every single person who goes to a buffet will stuff themselves; quite a lot of people would pay less for what they ate if it wasn’t a buffet (if that makes sense). Restaurants bulk-buy food too, so it can be quite cheap like huge trays of rice or breads etc. Not sure if it’s always the be 

Actually, many people eat small amounts, relatively speaking. The dishes presented are such that expense is quite low also. It is far less labor intensive to stock a buffet than to prepare individual dishes to order of the same or similar items. Many of the items on the buffet are foods that are not very expensive. Few people go only for the expensive dishes; they eat a platter with anything that esthetically appeals to them, regardless of its actual value. You can make for yourself a delicious, ample salad with lettuce, chick peas, etc., covered with dressing and some dollop of shrimp salad and  

Do buffet restaurants make money given the huge portions that many people eat? There are not that many people that can eat the volume of food that puts the food cost over the price. Most buffets work on a 60% plus gross margin. This can vary dependant on the food item of course. Buffets only fill up the empty trays, which means that there is less food waste per plate. They also tend to position some of the cheaper items, mostly starch, early on in the queue. Add in a few items which are cooked to order and the customer is on the clock. Most people take about 20 minutes between when they are full 

If you regularly buy uncooked food, cook your own food, and take note of the quantity of food you consume, it is easy to realize there is enough margin for the cost of the buffet. Here in our island of Luzon, you can find several buffet located in different areas for only 4 USD buffet (year 2019). The most value for money is in Baler, because there is squid and tuna, and some coconut cream based dishes, which is not available in buffet in other areas. There is no aircon, but there is Pacific ocean breeze…    We go to buffet not to save money, but to enjoy the food choices, enjoy the company of your  

There are two options here - they either make money, or they go bust. Buffet restaurants have been around for long enough now that if they were a guaranteed path to failure, people would have cottoned on and stopped opening them. Running a profitable buffet restaurant is really a matter of figuring out what the average amount people are actually going to eat is. Are customers going to go up and fill their plate to overflowing ten times over? Perhaps - but there won’t be many of them. Most people go up perhaps two or three - four times at the most, and so the restaurants base their prices on that 

A lot of the food served at many buffets is quite cheap. They often try to fill you up with pasta, soups and carbs. If it happens to be a fancier buffet that serves really good quality food, the price is typically much higher. There are some people who really do consume a lot of food by going back to the buffet several times. However, there are also much smaller eaters who will typically take one or two plates of food. Also, when you buy food in large quantities, it typically costs you quite a bit less. Most buffets can still make a significant amount of money; if it didn’t prove to be profitab 

There are many ways. Buffets are not really that cheap. In the years BC (before Covid) I used to frequent a Golden Corral and a really nice Chinese buffet. The total bill was often more than a typical thing such as a Ruby Tuesday or an O-Charley, especially since such restaurants often give out coupons. The foods they serve are made in large batches, so it is cheaper to make several gallons of something than a few servings. In many of the fancier restaurants presentation counts. They might dribble gravy in a particular way on the plate, add garnishes, etc. Certainly not in Golden Corral The food i 

It;s a famous Econ 101 issue, the all-you-can-eat buffet. Adverse selection. Fat guys who’ll eat all day. But the upside for the restaurant is no orders, no waitresses, just people walking along in line. And if people load up on the bread and corn, they’ll compensate for the people who keep loading up on the ribs. I mean, if you make a profit, you continue, if you don’t, you dont. 1.5K views · View upvotes · Answer requested by Sameer Jain6Dani Camporelli, former hospitalityAnswered 7 months ago · Author has 6.3K answers and 5.2M answer views

not everyone eats that much at a buffet. some people can’t. i’m one of those people. i’ve never been able to eat a huge amount of food in one go. so at a buffet, at best, i will have two plates of food. then i’m really full. if buffets didn’t make money, they wouldn’t exist, would they. my guess is that for every 20 people, only one or two are gonna cause a loss for the restaurant. meaning those one or two people will shovel down an enormous amount of food. which will be balanced out by the other 18 or 19 people who won’t eat that much. and if they offer something like lobster, you find that it’s 

What is the best money advice?
What do fashion models do as a living when they get older?
What is the best way to make a million dollars?
Now you can see just how manageable this goal is. 1. UNDERSTAND THE GAME: MILLION DOLLAR IDEAS VS. SCALE MENTALITY Far too many people are utterly obsessed with coming up with a million dollar idea in the hope it will make them millions of dollars. And while some people do actually manage to do this, it's not the smartest way to tackle the financial goal you've set for yourself. Instead of looking for that one big, elusive million dollar idea, why not look for an idea that will generate $10 of profit? And then repeat that process 100,000 times. You see, earning large amounts of money is often more 

I’m going to show you exactly how to make a million dollars with little risk and enormous upside.  This isn’t some scam or some get-rich scheme – this is an outline of the exact process many people are using now to make over one million dollars a year. Now, I’ll be honest with you… this plan takes some work. You’re going to have to invest a little bit of money and you’re going to have to do a little bit of travel, but the upside reward can be gigantic. First let me introduce you to the Canton Fair, which is held twice a year in Guangzhou, China. The Canton Fair is essentially an international trad 

There is no easy way of making a million dollars, well if its your first million. So excluding lottery, gambling, high risk bets, family assets, insurance payouts, lawsuits etc. There is also the one in a million chance type scenario i.e.  athletes, singers, gifted, extremely talented in something, the inventor, maven, the zuckerberg etc. There is also the economic opportunity, o the good old days. People I knew bought houses in 2004 for 15 k down 220 k average mortgage. 2009 sold the house for 1M+. Made a million in 5 years, and had their regular job also. So I'm gonna disregard the above method 

There is no one best way to do anything, but there IS a shortcut to making a million dollars. First of all, a million dollars is not a lot of money in relative terms. You drive by millions of dollars every day and you don’t blink. Case in point, have you ever driven by McDonalds? The average McDonalds restaurant makes $2.6 million a year in revenue at a $500,000 - $1 million profit. So, if you could open up a McDonalds, that might get you there. However, here is another way to look at it… It is easier to make a million dollars if you have a starving crowd. Specifically, if you can find a group of peo 

 People who will fail to become millionaires usually say things like: “I’ll be happy when I make a million.” or “I want to be rich like Elon Musk and Bill Gates.” Everyone I know who became a millionaire looked at successful people and instead said: “I wish I could figure out how they think and how they solve problems.” Instead of money, what you should really want is to think like a millionaire. If you can think like Warren Buffet or any other rich person you’ll make money, and you’ll enjoy life more because that mindset will last for the rest of your life.  What industry should you go into to beco 

In the month of June 2020, during the midst of the pandemic we’ve been living through, I’ve spent a lot of time at home. I haven’t been able to take my normal trips out to California and to other states to spend time by the beach. Instead, I’ve been quarantining and spending my time working in the stock market. And I can see that it’s the same for a lot of other people, especially those who have been either forced to work at home instead of their offices or even worse, being laid off from their jobs or having their businesses fall apart due to the change of environment that this pandemic has c 

What is the best way to become rich or become the owner of a million dollars? You have to understand, that there is not one single way to your goal.  It is like a Road Map, there are many ways and highways to your destination.  It requires many things.  It is like the spokes of a wheel, remove just one single spoke, and your wheel becomes weak and wobbly.  All are important and each have contributions to your Million Dollars.  here are a few; Savings.  Good deals come along each and every day.  The money to take advantage of those deals do not come along very often.  SAVE! More Millionaires have  

When I graduated from college, as required, I entered the family business my father had founded. I hated every day.  We owned a large machine shop and parts warehouse servicing the agriculture, oil and trucking industries. My dad was an inventor, held several patents, and loved every minute of working in the shop creating with his hands and mind. I found it stifling. I didn’t like working in the shop and the business improvements I suggested were met with disinterest from my dad and older brother. Eventually we split up the businesses leaving me with a small branch operation. A year later the economy 

As has been already stated, the mechanics of making $1,000,000 are very simple. Frankly, with the advent of the internet and its potential to leverage a business once you make 1 ,000,000 you can scale it much farther if you have a business model that allows for such.  So, since it is so easy to make a fortune in today's age as compared to earlier in history, why have so few people made it rich? I will outline my thoughts and observations as to why people do NOT make it rich instead of the mechanics of how to do so, as I believe they go hand in hand and the "how to" part has been covered well alr 

Easy way, be born into a wealthy family. There are a lot of great answers here.  I'm not going to cover what has been mentioned already.  Seriously, if there was a real, "easy" way everyone would do it.  The, "best" way to make a million is to work hard at it and earn it through the sweat of your brow. Hard work is good for you and yes it does build character. Good character, getting so rare in today's society, is worth more than the million you earn. The mentality of get rich quick and easy does you no service and actually servers to degrade your character.  Learn to be persistent. Learn to stan 

What was the cheapest invention made that made millions, or better yet, billions?
I recall as a kid been told that if someone was clever enough they could expect to make millions. A prime example of the foregoing was the English inventor and businessman Percy Shaw (April 15, 1890 – September I, 1976). This was the guy who invented cat's eye, the reflective studs in the center of the road which enables vehicles being driven on dark nights to remain in the correct lane. In 1934, he patented his idea, and on March 15 the following year, established a company to manufacture the things. He named his firm Reflecting Roadstuds Ltd, and being such an excellent creation, anyone would 

The Smiley Face.  The smiley face made more than US$500 millions. But for an invention so simple, it has a wacky history. The smiley face design as we know it was first made by Harvey Ross Ball. In 1963, Harvey Ross Ball, an American graphic artist was employed by State Mutual Life Assurance Company of Worcester, Massachusetts (now known as Hanover Insurance) to create a happy face to raise the morale of the employees. Ball created the design in ten minutes and was paid $45 (equivalent to $376 in 2019). His rendition, with a bright yellow background, dark oval eyes, full smile, and creases at the 

Probably the single least costly choice ever made (at least for those profiting from it), providing the biggest payout ever found in all of human history? FIAT currency. Not only does it mean physical cash is made for fractions of cents to 100s of dollars. “Money” comes in various forms. Not just different currency denominations. But things like M1, M2 and M3 definitions of money. Those start to include not only the physical paper rectangles which have some subjective trade value. But also the loans and future interest from things like banks lending to customers. These things are seldom backed by 

Whomever came up with the idea to modern day bottle water was likely both ridiculed and laughed at in the beginning and both praised and called a genius in the end.  The actual raw product free. However, you must sanitize and package the liquid and that costs roughly 4 pennies (or less depending on the material) to manufacture a bottle of water. Essentially, the package is more expensive than the product. It costs us $1.75 to consume that same bottle of water. This isn’t really an invention, more of an idea, but I side it with invention because it take a pair to convince anyone that the most abunda 

I must mention Miss Shilling's orifice. It didn’t make millions, but it was an extremely cheap, simple device that helped us win the Battle of Britain. Early versions of the Rolls-Royce Merlin engine came equipped with a SU carburettor. When an aeroplane equipped with such an engine performed a negative G force manoeuvre (pitching the nose hard down), fuel was forced up to the top of the carburettor's float chamber rather than down into the engine, leading to loss of power. If the negative G continued, fuel collecting in the float chamber would force the float to the floor of the chamber. Since 

What was the cheapest invention made that made millions or better yet billions? The first thing that I thought of didn’t make anyone millions, or indeed billions. It could have, yet it was invented, patented and given away for anyone to use. It has instead saved millions of lives, and reduced injury to countless more. “Volvo proudly proclaim that: ‘few people have saved as many lives as Nils Bohlin.’ And they are right. Nils Bohlin is the little-known Volvo engineer who invented the V-type three-point safety belt in 1959, and saw his innovation through to universal adoption across the motor indu 

Question: What was the cheapest invention made that made millions, or better yet, billions? Answer: I believe it has to be a brick 🧱  Bricks have been around since ages and are used in almost every house construction.  They can be used to make walls, fence, houses, mansions, bridges etc.     Basically, any man made structure would be based on these simple inventions. Brick and Mortar The earliest bricks were dried brick, meaning that they were formed from clay-bearing earth or mud and dried (usually in the sun) until they were strong enough for use. The oldest discovered bricks, originally made from sha 

My answer is the Paperclip. At 11,000,000,000 sold each year,[1] where each one costs roughly $0.02[2], we currently can ascertain that currently - the paper clip generates sales across various brand to the estimated tune of $220M annually. This is probably over $7B dollars over the last 30 years when adjusted for some inflation. The original paperclip was invented in 1867 by Samuel B. Fay.[3]Since then, it has undergone several revisions to the form we know and love today. The original paperclip was not actually a paperclip at all. It was invented for attaching tickets to fabric - while the patent re 

One of the cheapest inventions that made millions is the miracle mop invented by Joy Mangano. It was just a simple self-wringing plastic mob without getting the hands wet with a simple design and yet made millions. Her invention showed that you don’t need very complex or heavy investment, but if it solves the real world problem, you can even compete with huge companies  She once said - “I think my products have been successful because they have mass appeal, I'm just like everybody else out there. I'm a mom, I work, I have a house to clean, things to organize. We all have similar needs, and I addr 

2 of the simplest yet most brilliant inventions are related to fashion, then found applications beyond their original purpose. It is also notable that inventions can't wait to be perfect to get a head start. Most inventions, if not all, started as a crude prototype, but the great minds in human history could see endless beauty and potential as they keep refining on the first design. And when great minds think alike, they happened in close proximity along the time scale, thus patent disputes arised. Gideon Sundback (Swedish-American electrical engineer, 1880–1954) is credited to be the prime deve 

What is the best way for a young person to make money online?
Listed below are top of the line 20+ Ways to make money whenever you need. Making money from the comfort of your home as a teenager! Are you looking for legit and proven ways for teenagers to make money online? Teens and college students are not only full of energy but are also widely creative and more willing to take risks making them the perfect candidates for finding new and exciting ways to make money online. When working online their age is a non-issue and all they are judged by is the quality, creativity and relevance of their work. The good news for us today is there is a wide range of ways 

I love when people ask this question, It makes think of how i grew through my challenges and not going through it, The truth of the matter is that you need to be dedicated and hard working there at a lot I mean a lot of ways one can make money online at home without wearing a suit and tie , waking up early to go to work, eewww no I am talking about work from home businesses. Like me I was a slave to my job and at one point I realized I wasn't using my abilities to its fullness I quite my job . The next day , I came on google asking the same question HOW CAN I MAKE MONEY ONLINE? and from then I 

Forex trading is the best way online to make money as a beginner. Very fast and secure all you have to is to find an expert account trader who will help you trade for you while you sit at home watching your investment growing everyday, For an individual with no experience, starting trade get really tricky, if you don't have good signal and can't read them properly, you can run at loss instead making profit That's why am here, I help individual trade for a 100% profit guarantee for 10% charges 339 views · View upvotes · Answer requested by Devidson Louis27Jackson Bigge, Assistant Coach at Veltri Tennis Center (2019-present)Answered 8 months agoOriginally Answered: How do I make money online as a newbie?

If you are newbie like myself, I would not focus on monetary aspects of digital work. Instead, it is crucial that you begin learning the skills required to make money online. I would start researching how you can start making money through these methods: Social Media MarketingAffiliate MarketingSearch Engine OptimizationWebsite BuildingThese places are a good start, but theres other areas unrelated such as becoming an influencer and receiving money via endorsements. Hope this helps. 80 viewsRelated QuestionsMore Answers BelowWhat is the best way to make money? What do you think of young people trying to make money online? Which site is the best to earn money online? What's the not so easy but the best way to make money online? What is the best way to earn money online? Micheal Contini, Persuasion &amp; Negotiation Expert (1989-present)Answered 1 year ago · Author has 428 answers and 5.6M answer viewsOriginally Answered: How can I make money online as a kid?

Learn ONE valuable, in-demand skill. Web DesignPaid Traffic (FB, Insta ads)CopywritingVideographyStart selling that skill via LinkedIn, cold email, Insta/Twitter/FB DMs. The key to getting hired is making a risk-free/”too good to be true” offer to potential clients. “I’ll send you 5 new customers per week with Insta ads. And if I don’t do that, I’ll pay you $100!” Scale that ONE skill and OFFER up as high as you want. 898 views · View upvotes12Sponsored by Gundry MDUS surgeon: This simple trick empties your bowels immediately.World renowned cardiologist explains how with at home trick.Learn MoreKai Giok-Kie, Self-taught Entrepreneur, Marketer and Motivational SpeakerAnswered 2 years agoOriginally Answered: What are some of the best ways to make money as a child online?

You really see a child blogging, setting up and maintaining a blog and monetizing it with adsense and other monetization methods??? I’m assuming you play games. Setup a YT channel and Twitch and start streaming while you are playing and grow your audience. Just check a couple big gaming streams and see how they interact and learn from it. Don’t focus blindly on the money in the beginning because there is no method or trick that will earn you money fast. Takes time and building followers, traffic an audience whenever. That is the first goal, when you reach that goal you can come ask how to monetize  

As a young person, I would highly recommend starting a blog online. It is a slow build that has the potential to earn thousands per month in the long term. It is an excellent business to start while young and will teach you loads of valuable skills for online business and marketing. It is also very low cost and low risk. The worst thing that can happen is that your writing skills get a bit better! :) You can get my short book on how to launch a blog in hours on my website: Home | Achieve in BusinessAchieve in Business is a blog about making money online. Learn how to earn passive income with our in-depth guides on starting an online business and general entrepreneurial content. Download our FREE book...http://www.achieveinbusiness.com Good luck! 18 views · Answer requested by Devidson LouisCameron Zoub, High School Drop Out. Currently working on Varfaj.Answered 1 year ago · Author has 56 answers and 21K answer viewsOriginally Answered: What are some ways a child can earn money online?

There a couple of easy ways. I personally think getting products off Amazon for free in return for leaving reviews is the easiest way. You will learn about marketing online, selling on eBay, and many other things. Also the best part… It costs absolutely nothing to start. You can learn more here: 29 Amazon Review Sites That Will Get You Free Products Feel free to reach out with any additional questions - Cameron@varfaj.com 70 views · View upvotes1Praful Kumar, Copywriter/Ghostwriter (2020-present)Answered March 14, 2021 · Author has 1.6K answers and 318.6K answer viewsOriginally Answered: What is the best way I can start making money online as a beginner?

Learn a Skill and work as a freelancer. You can also start a blog, a youtube channel or a podcast to create content that has the potential to engage audience. You can also use affiliate marketing to earn more money. But learning skills would be a great option to begin with. Some of the Skills that I recommend are as follows:— CodingCopywritingSalesPhotographyGraphic DesigningDigital MarketingDon't learn all the skills at once. Become an expert in only one of them. Later you can learn more of them if you want to.  Hope this helps and all the best for your future. 56 views · View upvotes · Answer requested by Devidson Louis1Rimsha Momin, Managing Director  at Rimmon Services Pvt Ltd (2020-present)Answered 8 months agoOriginally Answered: How do I make money online as a newbie?

Heyy the easiest way you can make money online is to make designs for teeshirts and submit those designs to the respective companies..they will sell the tshirt with your design printed on them and you will get a certain percentage of the products sold…the best thing about this is that you do not need to be a pro designer, you can just make memes, abstract images or any animal print or anything for that matter . . .look for redbubble website they offer such kind of services… 51 viewsPaul Gilsdorf, Masters Finance &amp; Extension Studies, Harvard University (2020)Answered 2 years ago · Author has 259 answers and 379.8K answer viewsOriginally Answered: What are some ways to make money online easily for teenagers?

What small thing do you do that saves a lot of money?
When renewing car insurance, use two or three comparison websites and call two or three companies that don't appear on comparison websites. Then, if you find a quote cheaper than your current company, phone that company and see if they'll match or better the cheapest quote. In addition, be careful to specify which extras you think are worthwhile. For instance, I always buy the legal expenses extension. Most policies nowadays have a compulsory excess On at least some items. If you're not at fault, the legal expenses service will pursue the third party for your excess, saving you lots of time an 

Some of these are similar to other answers so sorry for any redundancy….. -My prepaid Verizon smartphone was only $40. The one I had before, that got messed up and was the reason I had to get the $40 one, was only $29. (The one I replaced lasted about 2 years though). -I don't have a phone plan/contract. I use wifi and I have been doing this for the last few months. At some point I might have to go back to the real thing but it’s as convenient as I need it to be for right now. -I take public transportation and on occasion, Lyft (although I do want to get a car soon). I walk a lot as well if where 

Well, there are certain things I do which indeed saves me a lot of money. I don’t have an Instagram account.I do have a Facebook and twitter account, but I hardly use it. I keep my friends and followers to a minimum.I only have friends in my life with whom I have a real friendship. I’m in regular touch with them and they fill up my life.Let me go deep in my answer. I’ll answer in a roundabout way, but bear with me they’ll all make sense in a while.  Let us revisit 3 rich people of our times. Mukesh Ambani  source: https://www.architecturaldigest.in/content/mukesh-ambani-antilia-home-mumbai/#s-cust0 T 

The very first thing I did and do is to take l00% of all bills and other expenses I know I have during the year - car, gas, internet, rent, food, etc., etc. I make up a grand total budget for the year and then make 12 pages - one for each month - so the must bills are on each sheet and others that come quarterly or bi-annually will go under the correct month. If too many things fall in one month, I make arrangements to have a payment date in another month. I allow myself l0% for emergencies. I live by that budget almost to the penny - income vs. expenses. I have done this for about 30 years an 

It is a matter of many Do’s and Don’ts. Here is a summary of those. Don’t invest what remains after spending – spend what remains after investing – Warren Buffet. 1. Saving is more important -not the earning alone: 2. Avoid DEBT TRAP - Do not take loan to buy something. Don’t be lured by EMI. Save first and then buy. 3. Create an emergency fund equaling 6 months of your entire expenses. 4. Get Medical insurance: A few days in hospital can cost you a fortune. 5. Don’t let credit card debt mess up your finances: Don’t be lured by paying minimum due amount or EMI facility. Any unpaid balance costs hell 

Peter, It’s not what I do that saves money, it’s what I don’t do. So it doesn’t take effort. The first thing I don’t do is buy crap I don’t need. For example, I don’t need the illusionary status of having a new car. So I’ve never bought one. Most of the cost of car ownership is due to depreciation, especially in the first two years. So I buy cars 2–3 years old, lower than average mileage, that have been taken care of. My current car is 10 years old now and still going strong, so I don’t need to replace it. The second thing I don’t do is neglect what I have. I spent good money on the things I have 

I won’t call my trick a small thing. I buy classic clothing such as pencil skirts, business suits, the little black dress and so forth. I buy superior quality clothing. I have in my wardrobe currently some items that are 24 years old and are still being worn. I accept used clothing from my sisters. This has saved me a lot of money over many years. I purchase clothing infrequently but their superior quality extends their lifespan. I infrequently (like once every 2 -3 years) purchase a pair of superior quality shoes (including formal office shoes, causal sandals, winter boots). Their lifespan is 

“Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.” -Antoine de Saint-Exupery Simplify Your Life I simplified my life and avoided unnecessary purchases. This translated to moving into a smaller place and removing things that no longer add value to my life. They included: Dining tableTelevisionCouchCoffee tableUnused clothesUnutilized utensils and cookware Owning less has allowed me to appreciate what I do have. Because everything I now possess has importance and serves a unique purpose. Downsizing created the following benefits: Lower overhead 

· Believe it or not, I cook my own meals. This alone saves a lot of money for me, keeps me grounded and humble whenever I do choose to treat myself at a fancy place once in a while. · Public commute is my choice of transportation. If you have a good commute system in your city, make use of it unless you have medical reasons which is completely fine. · Crazy about tech but not foolish to invest heavily in them. Which means I keep a few essentials besides my smartphone and laptop. · Only buy clothes once a year. The trick is to invest in good quality so it can work for you longer. Good quality does 

Question: What small thing do you do that save a lot of money? Answer: A bunch of little things that add up. I shower at the gym. It reduces my hot water bill.Don’t smoke. Never have. Saved a fortune compared with friends who do, even the ones chewing nicotine gum instead.Do my exercises to stay fit and healthy. It’s hard work, but it has saved me a fortune in health bills over the years.Clean my teeth frequently and eat very little in the way of sugary foods and drinks. Barely ever touch something like Coca Cola, and when I do I brush my teeth immediately. Saves a lot on the dental bills.Seldom

What are some little known ways to become ultra wealthy?
Is an average 50k daily views on Quora adequate to make money?
How do breakfast restaurants make money when their food prices are so low?
How could I make a million before 30 years old?
I became a millionaire when I was 40, but it’s not so difficult to get there by 35. Leverage is key. Leverage is basically the difference between values of the same thing, in two different positions. (Location, time, etc.) Think about a waterfall where there is a height difference. So, water naturally flows from one level to another:  Same applies to business. Money flows naturally to where it has more leverage. As a 22 year old, you have all the time in the world. But you can’t simply exchange your time, your biggest asset at a low price point. That’s a poor person’s mindset. You can leverage the  

Well, the traditional answer to questions like this is to say “save every penny you earn, don’t drink or have a girlfriend or go to the movies, put all your money into a Roth IRA/index fund and let compound interest do the work”. That’s not gonna be my answer. The first obvious step to becoming worth more money is to earn more money, and I’d rather earn $100,000 and save 20% than earn $50,000 and save 40%. Now, the best way to make more money obviously depends on you as a person, but I’ll present a few hypotheticals. If you’re 22, maybe you’ve just graduated college (if not, I’ll address that in 

Calculate how much you have nowFrom that calculate how much you need by age 35Work out how to get there, with a step by step plan.Let’s say you have $0 now. You need to get to $1M by age 35. You have 13 years to get to $1M. Scenario 1 You are making 30k after tax. You live with your parents.In this situation, you could save and invest 15,000 from your salary for now, but it isn’t sustainable in the long-term. So I would: Save and invest the 15k yearly into low-cost fundsFocus on negotiation. Even getting small pay rises every year could make a huge difference - How small pay rises can lead to rich

I am going to teach you a sure-fire path to having $1,000,000 in the bank before you turn 35. A millionaire has a $1,000,000 net worth. At a standard 6% rate of return, you are going to need to save $50,000 a year, every single year. Assuming you want have a family and not live ridiculously cheap, you need to make a decent income. Ideally, at least $100,000 after-tax, or $135,000 before tax. But then, if you spend it all, you’ll never become a millionaire. But even if you saved well, you wouldn’t become a millionaire without being smart about your investments. So you need to 1) make a lot of money,  

There are a million ways to make a million dollars. You’re asking the wrong question. Anyone could simply say “Build the next Google” or something equally as unhelpful. But that’s what you get for asking the wrong question. What you’re really asking is how to put yourself in a position to even have a shot at making millions by 35. You’ll get much better answers; however, you may have to extend your deadline. It all depends on where you’re at financially. 1. Check your Attitude Your attitude towards money will ultimately determine whether you can accumulate millions or not. Without the right attit 

Copy what millionaires do. I’ve studied over 40 millionaires and finally found out their secret to wealth. It took me a long time to piece together the puzzle, but I’ve finally figured it out. Here’s the golden question: What do Elon Musk, Warren Buffet, Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, Mark Cuban, and Tonny Robbins have in common? Besides the mulah...they all read. Yep - reading. Don’t believe me? Let one of the most successful and admired entrepreneurs tell you...  Elon Musk. Musk built four multibillion-dollar companies by his mid-40s -- in four separate fields (energy, software, transportation and aero 

I was asked to change my comment to an answer … not sure if I am doing this correctly. Sorry to those who have already read this … So this advice, if followed meticulously *may* help you earn your million. So what kind of person will you be by the time you are 35? Probably very lonely because you have blown away anyone who isn’t money hungry like you (mind you - if they have read this list, then they may have blown YOU away as not being dedicated).No family, No one to share the good times with (but by then you have no idea what a good time is that isn’t work or sleeping).No enjoyment. What good i

More Thoughts On How To Become A Millionaire By 30  I strongly believe most people reading this article can accumulate a million dollars if they have the motivation, a good amount of planning, the right amount of guidance, and some luck. I I’m sure some of you will have your own doubts, while others will scoff at how little $1 million is. But here are my suggestions for those who want to become a millionaire by 30 or at a relatively young age. Don’t mess around in high school and college or else you will have a hard time landing a good job that pays well. Give yourself optionality please. There are 

That sounds like a sensible ambition. Unlike many who want to be an overnight success and millionaire, you are ready to invest time. Irrespective of where in the world you are, I don't think working for someone is going to make a millionaire. So, you have to soon figure out a way to move on from trading your time for money. According to me you have to move through three stages and pretty quickly. Trading your time for another company. I assume this is what you do today. So, while you are doing so, learn everything else around you as well. Say you are a developer, learn business, people management

Short Answer: Follow these rules Start a business - if you are short on funds, start an online business, using a hosted ecommerce solution like Shopify (product) , where all the technical aspects are taken care of, you only have to focus on selling. Learn to sell, this will follow you for the rest of your life. Choose a product you think will work, or you are passionate about and can realistically sell. In today’s economy, you can become a millionaire at 27 even. 5 Years is more then enough if you create a plan and stick to it no matter what, keep building, adapting and evolving your business a 

What was the cheapest invention made that made millions, or better yet, billions?
I recall as a kid been told that if someone was clever enough they could expect to make millions. A prime example of the foregoing was the English inventor and businessman Percy Shaw (April 15, 1890 – September I, 1976). This was the guy who invented cat's eye, the reflective studs in the center of the road which enables vehicles being driven on dark nights to remain in the correct lane. In 1934, he patented his idea, and on March 15 the following year, established a company to manufacture the things. He named his firm Reflecting Roadstuds Ltd, and being such an excellent creation, anyone would 

The Smiley Face.  The smiley face made more than US$500 millions. But for an invention so simple, it has a wacky history. The smiley face design as we know it was first made by Harvey Ross Ball. In 1963, Harvey Ross Ball, an American graphic artist was employed by State Mutual Life Assurance Company of Worcester, Massachusetts (now known as Hanover Insurance) to create a happy face to raise the morale of the employees. Ball created the design in ten minutes and was paid $45 (equivalent to $376 in 2019). His rendition, with a bright yellow background, dark oval eyes, full smile, and creases at the 

Probably the single least costly choice ever made (at least for those profiting from it), providing the biggest payout ever found in all of human history? FIAT currency. Not only does it mean physical cash is made for fractions of cents to 100s of dollars. “Money” comes in various forms. Not just different currency denominations. But things like M1, M2 and M3 definitions of money. Those start to include not only the physical paper rectangles which have some subjective trade value. But also the loans and future interest from things like banks lending to customers. These things are seldom backed by 

Whomever came up with the idea to modern day bottle water was likely both ridiculed and laughed at in the beginning and both praised and called a genius in the end.  The actual raw product free. However, you must sanitize and package the liquid and that costs roughly 4 pennies (or less depending on the material) to manufacture a bottle of water. Essentially, the package is more expensive than the product. It costs us $1.75 to consume that same bottle of water. This isn’t really an invention, more of an idea, but I side it with invention because it take a pair to convince anyone that the most abunda 

I must mention Miss Shilling's orifice. It didn’t make millions, but it was an extremely cheap, simple device that helped us win the Battle of Britain. Early versions of the Rolls-Royce Merlin engine came equipped with a SU carburettor. When an aeroplane equipped with such an engine performed a negative G force manoeuvre (pitching the nose hard down), fuel was forced up to the top of the carburettor's float chamber rather than down into the engine, leading to loss of power. If the negative G continued, fuel collecting in the float chamber would force the float to the floor of the chamber. Since 

What was the cheapest invention made that made millions or better yet billions? The first thing that I thought of didn’t make anyone millions, or indeed billions. It could have, yet it was invented, patented and given away for anyone to use. It has instead saved millions of lives, and reduced injury to countless more. “Volvo proudly proclaim that: ‘few people have saved as many lives as Nils Bohlin.’ And they are right. Nils Bohlin is the little-known Volvo engineer who invented the V-type three-point safety belt in 1959, and saw his innovation through to universal adoption across the motor indu 

Question: What was the cheapest invention made that made millions, or better yet, billions? Answer: I believe it has to be a brick 🧱  Bricks have been around since ages and are used in almost every house construction.  They can be used to make walls, fence, houses, mansions, bridges etc.     Basically, any man made structure would be based on these simple inventions. Brick and Mortar The earliest bricks were dried brick, meaning that they were formed from clay-bearing earth or mud and dried (usually in the sun) until they were strong enough for use. The oldest discovered bricks, originally made from sha 

My answer is the Paperclip. At 11,000,000,000 sold each year,[1] where each one costs roughly $0.02[2], we currently can ascertain that currently - the paper clip generates sales across various brand to the estimated tune of $220M annually. This is probably over $7B dollars over the last 30 years when adjusted for some inflation. The original paperclip was invented in 1867 by Samuel B. Fay.[3]Since then, it has undergone several revisions to the form we know and love today. The original paperclip was not actually a paperclip at all. It was invented for attaching tickets to fabric - while the patent re 

One of the cheapest inventions that made millions is the miracle mop invented by Joy Mangano. It was just a simple self-wringing plastic mob without getting the hands wet with a simple design and yet made millions. Her invention showed that you don’t need very complex or heavy investment, but if it solves the real world problem, you can even compete with huge companies  She once said - “I think my products have been successful because they have mass appeal, I'm just like everybody else out there. I'm a mom, I work, I have a house to clean, things to organize. We all have similar needs, and I addr 

2 of the simplest yet most brilliant inventions are related to fashion, then found applications beyond their original purpose. It is also notable that inventions can't wait to be perfect to get a head start. Most inventions, if not all, started as a crude prototype, but the great minds in human history could see endless beauty and potential as they keep refining on the first design. And when great minds think alike, they happened in close proximity along the time scale, thus patent disputes arised. Gideon Sundback (Swedish-American electrical engineer, 1880–1954) is credited to be the prime deve 

Do multi millionaires/ billionaires go through depression?
What was the cheapest invention made that made millions, or better yet, billions?
I recall as a kid been told that if someone was clever enough they could expect to make millions. A prime example of the foregoing was the English inventor and businessman Percy Shaw (April 15, 1890 – September I, 1976). This was the guy who invented cat's eye, the reflective studs in the center of the road which enables vehicles being driven on dark nights to remain in the correct lane. In 1934, he patented his idea, and on March 15 the following year, established a company to manufacture the things. He named his firm Reflecting Roadstuds Ltd, and being such an excellent creation, anyone would 

The Smiley Face.  The smiley face made more than US$500 millions. But for an invention so simple, it has a wacky history. The smiley face design as we know it was first made by Harvey Ross Ball. In 1963, Harvey Ross Ball, an American graphic artist was employed by State Mutual Life Assurance Company of Worcester, Massachusetts (now known as Hanover Insurance) to create a happy face to raise the morale of the employees. Ball created the design in ten minutes and was paid $45 (equivalent to $376 in 2019). His rendition, with a bright yellow background, dark oval eyes, full smile, and creases at the 

Probably the single least costly choice ever made (at least for those profiting from it), providing the biggest payout ever found in all of human history? FIAT currency. Not only does it mean physical cash is made for fractions of cents to 100s of dollars. “Money” comes in various forms. Not just different currency denominations. But things like M1, M2 and M3 definitions of money. Those start to include not only the physical paper rectangles which have some subjective trade value. But also the loans and future interest from things like banks lending to customers. These things are seldom backed by 

Whomever came up with the idea to modern day bottle water was likely both ridiculed and laughed at in the beginning and both praised and called a genius in the end.  The actual raw product free. However, you must sanitize and package the liquid and that costs roughly 4 pennies (or less depending on the material) to manufacture a bottle of water. Essentially, the package is more expensive than the product. It costs us $1.75 to consume that same bottle of water. This isn’t really an invention, more of an idea, but I side it with invention because it take a pair to convince anyone that the most abunda 

I must mention Miss Shilling's orifice. It didn’t make millions, but it was an extremely cheap, simple device that helped us win the Battle of Britain. Early versions of the Rolls-Royce Merlin engine came equipped with a SU carburettor. When an aeroplane equipped with such an engine performed a negative G force manoeuvre (pitching the nose hard down), fuel was forced up to the top of the carburettor's float chamber rather than down into the engine, leading to loss of power. If the negative G continued, fuel collecting in the float chamber would force the float to the floor of the chamber. Since 

What was the cheapest invention made that made millions or better yet billions? The first thing that I thought of didn’t make anyone millions, or indeed billions. It could have, yet it was invented, patented and given away for anyone to use. It has instead saved millions of lives, and reduced injury to countless more. “Volvo proudly proclaim that: ‘few people have saved as many lives as Nils Bohlin.’ And they are right. Nils Bohlin is the little-known Volvo engineer who invented the V-type three-point safety belt in 1959, and saw his innovation through to universal adoption across the motor indu 

Question: What was the cheapest invention made that made millions, or better yet, billions? Answer: I believe it has to be a brick 🧱  Bricks have been around since ages and are used in almost every house construction.  They can be used to make walls, fence, houses, mansions, bridges etc.     Basically, any man made structure would be based on these simple inventions. Brick and Mortar The earliest bricks were dried brick, meaning that they were formed from clay-bearing earth or mud and dried (usually in the sun) until they were strong enough for use. The oldest discovered bricks, originally made from sha 

My answer is the Paperclip. At 11,000,000,000 sold each year,[1] where each one costs roughly $0.02[2], we currently can ascertain that currently - the paper clip generates sales across various brand to the estimated tune of $220M annually. This is probably over $7B dollars over the last 30 years when adjusted for some inflation. The original paperclip was invented in 1867 by Samuel B. Fay.[3]Since then, it has undergone several revisions to the form we know and love today. The original paperclip was not actually a paperclip at all. It was invented for attaching tickets to fabric - while the patent re 

One of the cheapest inventions that made millions is the miracle mop invented by Joy Mangano. It was just a simple self-wringing plastic mob without getting the hands wet with a simple design and yet made millions. Her invention showed that you don’t need very complex or heavy investment, but if it solves the real world problem, you can even compete with huge companies  She once said - “I think my products have been successful because they have mass appeal, I'm just like everybody else out there. I'm a mom, I work, I have a house to clean, things to organize. We all have similar needs, and I addr 

2 of the simplest yet most brilliant inventions are related to fashion, then found applications beyond their original purpose. It is also notable that inventions can't wait to be perfect to get a head start. Most inventions, if not all, started as a crude prototype, but the great minds in human history could see endless beauty and potential as they keep refining on the first design. And when great minds think alike, they happened in close proximity along the time scale, thus patent disputes arised. Gideon Sundback (Swedish-American electrical engineer, 1880–1954) is credited to be the prime deve 

In an elite boarding school, how do you tell apart students hailing from Old Money and New Money families?
Would you sell yourself for money or for love?
What is the greatest paradox of becoming wealthy?
Becoming wealthy create conditions that make it very easy for you to become petty, or to become an asshole and stop treating everyone with the respect they deserve. One of the best analogies for the human psyche that I have heard is that it operates like a thermostat. Our emotions are calibrated such that we have internal emotional cadences, where we will spend a certain amount of our time happy, a certain time stressed out, sad, etc. I believe our emotions evolved to focus our energies on solving the problems we needed to solve in order to survive - finding enough food and shelter, finding a m 

What sums it up for me is the famous Lennon quote "Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans." Back when I was single sharing an apartment with two friends had zero money, just living paycheck to paycheck was some really happy times. We would train and go dancing and clubbing and had a ball. Then I fell in love with this girl in 2000: (my housemate)  Then I got married in 2003 and still had no “wealth” but we were happy. We both worked and paid for our own wedding and 5 week honeymoon across Canada. Arrival of the bride:  Then we worked and saved and bought a house in the subur 

A few years ago I was invited to a gathering at the house of a very rich man in one of the upscale desert cities southeast of Los Angeles. For the sole purpose of parties and weekend retreats, he had built an Italianate villa on a large piece of land opening up onto the wilderness. The house was partially circumscribed by a crescent shaped infinity pool that fell off into nothingness before the great rolling hills of the Sonoran landscape. The walls retracted so that the entire dwelling seemed intimately joined with this outdoor paradise. Its interior was appointed in the most opulent manner,  

Growing up in a totalitarian state, we’ve had a very limited access to consumer goods. There were shortages in the stores and if you were fortunate to obtain some shoes or a piece of furniture, they were usually grim and misshapen. I remember the moment when I held a foreign magazine in my hands - the aromatic pages were glossy and cool, the gorgeous models looked like no one I knew in real life and the life they showed was like a magical fairy tale. It was a little glimpse of paradise. When I first immigrated to US, a couple of decades ago, I became desperately poor. Despite being in the land o 

When I was younger, there was this rich man who was friends with my family. He would often visit me, and I asked him something akin to this question. He never directly answered me, rather he explained it using the game I was playing at the time. (He was a gamer oddly enough.) The game was Minecraft. Yes, I was taught the biggest paradox of being wealthy by Minecraft. He directed me to start a new world with one goal: Build my entire house from diamond blocks in survival mode. Yes, I'm serious.  So, I hopped into a new world, I built a house out of wood, and after securing a good amount of food, I wen 

Wealth is assets that earn while you sleep—businesses, products, media, robots, investments, land. Money is how we transfer wealth; it’s the social credits and debits of other people’s time. Money isn’t going to solve all your problems, but it’s going to fulfill your basic requirements, like healthcare and education. Status is your rank in a social hierarchy like politics or sports. It’s a zero-sum game: to be a winner, there must be a loser. Status is an old game that predicted survival in the hunter-gatherer days, before we had technologies for creating wealth. Politics is an example of a st 

There are several. Here are a few of the most common ones I’ve noticed: Most people put off doing the things they really want to do until they hit some arbitrary number in their business or career. Then, when they hit that number, they continue putting the things they want off because they are “too busy” to pursue them.At a certain point, wealth becomes a hindrance to happiness. I know a lot of very rich men (who make 10–20X what I do) who are miserable. They don’t use their wealth to buy back their time or enjoy themselves, they only use it to make more wealth.The best things in life are always

I went from being skint to wealthy (net worth approx. GBP 2 million) by the time I was 40. Some of the wealth came from shrewd (or lucky) investments and some from my wife’s inheritance. I saw my brother go from being skint (left school without qualifications) to wealthy ($200K / year job) to mega-wealthy (net worth approx. USD 50 million). He started a very successful company that was sold. What have I concluded?For me, with financial security came a realisation that there was no longer any value in working very hard to try to get a better paying job, e.g. being paid GBP 10K more per year to t 

For me, there are so many: My income and income taxes are significantly lower than when I was far less wealthy.I am in more debt (mostly real estate) than I’ve ever been in my life.It is a bit lonely. I no longer work full time but all my friends, my siblings and my wife still do.I stubbornly cling to my middle class roots and lifestyle despite my high net worth. I do it so that my relationships with my friends, family and spouse aren’t ruined by money and my young kids don’t get spoiled.Generally, my friends are less wealthy but live in larger and newer houses than me, yet my unassuming 3 bedr

In the grand scheme of things, I have always been wealthy. Even when I was poor, compared to the ~100 billion humans who’ve walked the earth, I was despicably wealthy. Judged by American standards, I’ve been desperately poor once (homeless as a drug addict), quite poor a few times including most of my childhood (welfare, government food, free school lunches). I was solidly middle class from 2002–2017. After that, we moved and moved again. The pay followed. We’re substantially more well off than we were five years ago. I’ve promised myself that I’ll be as transparent as decorum (in this case, I  

What's the safest place to hide money in your home?
There really is no best place. Rather, you’re trying to hide money in places that are fairly easy for you to get to while still being secure. Ultimately, it’s worth knowing that with proper planning, your plan can be foiled. So go about this thinking like a criminal instead of someone trying to keep their money safe. If I were to keep cash in my home, I would install a safe in the floor of the master bedroom closet. Inside the safe, would be the cash in a quality zip lock bag. I’d likely have a false floor over the safe door as well.  Before you run to the comments I'm well aware that when a home 

Since we have an old and creepy house, there are lots of places to hide things. We have a huge carriage house with an attic full of junk that my sister collects, so something hidden up there would never be found. Probably not even by us. But…. Since we don’t keep a whole heap of cash in our house, we never found the need to hide any of it. We just keep a couple of hundred bucks in the desk that sits in our parlor. It’s convenient just to grab some of it if we need it a few dollars. However…. We do have a safe upstairs in our office with our passports and other important stuff. We had it for quite a 

No place! Police have long said, “If you can think of it (a hiding place) a burglar can too.” My father was a cop in the 60s. There was an older couple in town had who had had lost everything in the Depression. They worked hard and recouped, in their golden years they owned several storefronts and a few houses that they rented out. They remembered the Depression well and didn’t trust banks, they paid all of their bills in cash and collected their rents in cash. What wasn’t kept in his money belt or her purse was hidden in their home. They didn’t exactly advertise this, but it was a small town, an 

Just about every good idea for this has been done over the years. So, one has to be very creative in finding a way to stash money, jewelry, etc. in a place or area most people would never think of. Also, when you are creating this space, think of something you can do yourself or learn how to do yourself. You involve other people, you do not have a safe stash. There are people on this site who know me so I am not going to describe what I recently developed. Here is one idea I created years ago. I have always liked working with wood. I lived in a house that was 2 stories and had banister supports 

Given enough time, a good thief can find anything you have hidden. The best thing you can do is hide money in a place that will deprive them of the most valuable asset: time. If they KNOW you have money hidden in the house, they will not be as easily dissuaded, so first- keep your mouth shut about any money you have hidden in your home. If they are not CERTAIN the money is in your home, they are less likely to keep looking if they are having trouble. If they know it’s there, a good, novel hiding spot will deprive them of the time they need. If you need access to the money regularly, a good safe  

The best place is a heavy safe in a secure area. And secure the safe. This biggest issue is TIME. If it takes a long time to access your valuables, then they are safer. One example of that is a dark bound book with pages cut out. It takes TIME to check every book in your house and a dark binding won’t show finger oils over time. Don’t use the underwear drawer or a cookie jar in the kitchen. Another trick is to keep some money in a cookie jar in the kitchen. After they find that stash, they will stop looking in other places for more money. PS I forgot to mention. MOST likely the thieves will be fr 

Wherever you decide to store cash, make sure you tell at least one trusted person where you’ve hidden it. Preferably someone who does not live in your house. Why? Because otherwise I might be the one who finds your hidden money after you die. I own an estate Liquidation company. When someone dies, we are hired by the family to sell everything in the house. If your family doesn’t know that you hid money, I usually find it. And it is in my contract that I get a percentage of all found money. After all, it was because of my hard work that it was found at all. Without me or another company like min 

When I dealt drugs, I had a safe bolted into my floor. Once, away on a family trip to Disney, someone broke into my house and stole the safe, including guns and drugs inside. Years later, my daughter told me she had told some kids at high school I had a safe, and admitted she knew who had broken in. By then I was sober and had cleaned up and didn’t go after them. Back then I hid everything, everywhere. It was amazing what we found when we moved. Old habits die hard. hide. I still hide small caches of cash. I have 3 problems with hiding money—-1. Good hiding places are hard to get to and take ef 

When I was a kid, my mother had an antique drop-leaf table with gate legs. It looked somewhat like this:  It was narrower, about six inches across the top, and the drawer didn’t have a knob. With the drawer closed, the front of it was hidden several inches back from the edge of the table, and looked like it was simply part of the apron (the trim under the edge). If one turned the table around and looked under the other edge, both ends looked exactly alike. Indeed, unless one actually reached under and tugged on it, there was no way of knowing that it was a drawer. In fact, nobody except my mothe 

There’s already 40+ answers to this question so I don’t know what good one more will do but here I am. These are a few of the good hiding places I’ve come across both for myself and seen from others. 1.) Toilet Tank You simply ziplock your money, double bag it, maybe even put plastic wrap around it and stick it in the tank of your toilet. If you’re worried about it clogging up the system, press all the air out and weight it down to the bottom of the tank. 2.) Hide it under the sink below the floor Most kitchen and bathroom sinks have a cabinet underneath. At my old house there was a precut square  

Does money really buy happiness?
Can money buy happiness? YES!!! Absofrigginglutely it can buy happiness. Anyone who says otherwise has never been in a position of not having enough money. I challenge anyone to feel peaceful and happy when you’re worried about the consequences of not having enough money, because those consequences are very harsh. Can you feel happy when you’re watching your car get towed away for nonpayment? Since I depended on this vehicle for making money, it was not a particularly joyful experience to hand over the keys. In fact, it was a period of great anxiety, shame and fear. Getting it back was similarly  

Rather than taking this question as a debate let us call it a discussion. Well, first of all, we have to understand the meaning of true happiness. For that, we have to understand what is the source of true happiness. Before that let us first analyze the question. The question is about true happiness and not just happiness. The first one is happiness which gives you the feeling of happiness forever (i.e. each moment of life) while the latter one can be defined as just excitement. So the source of true happiness can be defined as that one you are not fed up with. Money is made by we people only for  

Does money buy happiness? The answer is - Yes or ... No! It depends really. A lot of people go through life chasing money. It makes perfect sense. Money is needed to provide us food, clothing, medical care &amp; a roof over the head. If you don't have any money, you are unable to fulfill those basic needs. This is why "Money is a great predictor of happiness".  Living paycheck to paycheck, and constantly worrying if you are going to be able to pay the bills and make it through the end of the month. It causes a lot of stress, depression, anxiety, hopelessness, and lower life evaluation. But when it com 

Let's take a ride with Micky and Minnie here, shall we? Here's Micky, looking at something with an eager face:  But what's that? Oh it's a chain for a watch.  He wants it as a Christmas gift for Minnie. But he doesn't have money. So he offers his favourite harmonica to the shop owner.  But he doesn't accept it.  Poor Micky  He sits with Pluto and plays it with a sad tone.  The melodious tune strikes the shop owner and he looks back.  He thinks a bit.  And then he approaches Micky and tells him that he can buy that Harmonica and in exchange, he can give Micky the chain he liked.  Now Micky has bought the best gif 

I think the answer has to be “no” to that question. You cannot buy happy relationships, a positive outlook and an appreciation for what you have. Those things are generated from your internal attitude, values and your personal approach to life. And you know what they say…the best things in life are free. A walk in the park, sunshine on your face, a cuddle with a loved one, the laughter of your children. All of these cost nothing and can bring the greatest joy. However, that being said, money is still important to us. We all need enough money to pay for our needs (food, shelter, warmth, clothing)  

Directly no and Indirectly yes. Here’s why in 3 points. According to a study that was explained in a tedtalk about poverty and UBI; stable financial situation lower stress levels. Which allows an individual or community to make better decisions over all not just financially. Lower stress levels tend to lead to more contentment in day to day life thus not desiring more than what they already have. Which in Buddhist philosophy it is believed desire and ignorance is the root of all suffering. Which brings me to my next point, education. It’s widely known that a better educated populations has bette 

 Did you all see the picture above? Let me introduce her to you all. She sells flowers by roaming all around the area she lives. Her age is around 80 years as per her estimation and my mother is her favourite customer. Let me call her by the name cutie in this answer (she looks too cute to me) and give a brief introduction about her life. Her only son is dead. She lives with her Daughter-in-law and grandson in a small unbearable house. DIL has a condition that cutie has to earn her own bread if she wants to stay with her or else she would return to her parent's house. Cutie has no way but to accep 

It sure can! Wealth doesn't make people happier, but poverty sure can increase sadness. I hail from a middle class family. So, most of my neighbourhood is upper to lower middle class. The people who I communicate with ,every day are all people with a lot of commitment issues. I have seen how ,their entire lives revolves around some EMI, bank loans , debts ,interests, gold loan, or EMI on commodities like house ,car and what not. A small vacation is still not a priority to anyone even after earning decent money . This constantly put a lot of stress in their life. Or they bring upon stress.If you

Money buy you acquaintance, Happiness is a peace of mind. If you are unhappy without money then you would still be unhappy with money.  Money lets you get all the comfort you need and materialistic stuff and you must have heard a common sentence that money is the source of all root problems, its defiantly not true abundance of money is!  Happiness is a perspective, you control your joy. If you are cheerful from inside, world will feel invigorated and unique. SECRET OF HAPPINESS In the event that you are stating yes to anything it mirrors that you are disapproving of every single other thing which you 

Happiness means a lot of different things for different people. What does it mean for you? I strongly believe that MONEY CAN BUY HAPPINESS. I have done that for myself. People generally see money as the root of all evils. I am not that person. My relationship with money is very cordial and we love each other. I am not wealthy yet, but I am not broke either. We both take care of each other, and make each other happy by helping each other all the time. Incident 1: My Dad was diagnosed with stage 2 Prostate Cancer in 2019. The world turned around for me completely. I have never seen him sick, apart  

What small change for a company resulted in the most money saved?
McDonalds This one change saved the McDonalds’ Chicken McNugget  In the early 1980s, McDonalds came up with a new and exciting idea called the Chicken McNugget. There was just one problem… The cost of chicken was highly volatile at the time and that would make pricing the McNugget very difficult. On this note McDonalds sought advice from a famous stock and commodity trader named Ray Dalio. Ray Dalio’s (founder of Bridgewater Associates which is the biggest hedge fund in the world managing $160 billion worth in assets) two biggest clients at that time were McDonalds and a chicken producer. If Dalio c 

Yes, There are lot of stories and some of them are true and some created for marketing purpose. I also have the story of one of the big company in FMCG sector which is big giant and reached at almost every individual.  I am not sure whether this story is true or not but based on networking and research I have got this which I am going to present in front of you all… In early 1950, There was one of the growing company having their toothpaste product.  The company was trying hard to increase their revenue and their were forcing their executives and core team to come up with new or unique strategy whi 

Six small packaging changes that can save big money  Ten years ago when packaging consultant Tom Blanck would try to talk to people about the cost-savings potential hidden in packaging, he'd receive a lukewarm reception. It was simply not seen as a high priority. But that all began to change in the past five years. As transportation and warehousing costs rose, companies realized that packaging offered a fresh opportunity to cut waste out of the system, he says. Despite that newfound awareness, many companies are still struggling to identify where exactly they can cut costs in their packaging with 

History of Pepsodent  During World war-1 recruitment, many were rejected because of the poor tooth hygiene. Only 7 percentage of total Americans brush every day. And many are having issues in tooth hygiene because brushing was not a habit at that time. This was changed by marketing scientist Claude Hopkin. Hopkin was genius in the field of advertisement marketing, even before Pepsodent he did many advertisements. Through his advertisement he always tries to make a product as part of habit   After the advertisement effect, Brushing with Pepsodent became a habit for many in America In 5 year Pepsodent b 

Receipts, floor wax, and lights! Only changing these three things led to huge savings for the largest supermarket chain – Walmart. Huge savings? A hundred thousand? A million? We’re talking $227 million! Here’s what they did: Walmart decreased the size of its receipts, which not only led to more paper saved but also savings of a whopping $7 million.The company replaced its usual floor wax with one that cost less and was sturdier. This saved them $20 million!Walmart introduced LEDs in their stores and parking lots, replacing all fluorescent fixtures. This reduced the annual energy cost by $200 mill

I will start with the problem I wanted to solve. Problem: “Whenever I had to buy a gift for someone, it was taking a lot of time to think about “what to buy”. And when you will do a google search for “gifts for friend, wife, etc”, you will be bombarded with lame and tacky products, such as coffee mugs with your face on it. So, I thought I will start a brand, where I will sell cool gifts for everyone and for every occasion. Now, even before launching the website, figuring out product manufacturing OR product outsourcing, managing the inventory, logistics was looking like a herculean task. Also, it d 

 Coca-Cola’s Brand-Business Rationalization   An unfortunate business outcome of coronavirus is the disappearance of some of our favorite big brands due to bankruptcy. Another outcome is the deliberate, disciplined disappearing of small or local/regional brands or single country brands. Companies are using the pandemic to reassess their investments in brands that require resources but do not generate serious profit. Brand rationalization is based on performance and contribution to the enterprise’s bottom line. Brand rationalization reduces internal complexity, enhances efficiency, and can eliminate 

American Airlines This is a story dated 30 years ago, when this minute change they made resulted in them cutting down the expenses by close to $40,000. They removed one piece of olive.  Yes, they removed an olive. One piece. Removing one piece from every customer's tray cut down their expenses by a lot. The taste of the food isn't going to change by removing one piece, nor would the passengers notice the missing piece until they counted it every trip. And olive being relatively expensive to other ingredients, it made a difference.  This isn't the only instance when the airlines have cut down their cost 

 The design of Coke can looks nothing sort of special. It just seems to be changing with time. But, there is a secret behind this. As you can see in the image, the earlier cans were totally cylindrical. Later, the top and bottom were little slanted. This slant allowed in saving of millions of dollars in Aluminum usage. This was because of 2 reasons : Same volume of coke canister now have larger periphery thus less aluminum required.Also, the slant shaped increased the force taking capacity of the inner fluid, thus a thinner sheet can be used for making can.That is why, by just a slight change in desi 

The match box side for lighting the stick. Remember this  Now the matchstick manufacturers wanted to increase the profit margin without incresing the price and cost reduction is also not possible for inputs. That’s when a smarter guy came with the solution like this  now the match industry were saving nearly upto 50% more on the phosphorus coating on the sides. some even came up with smaller dots thus more savings. 233.6K views · View upvotes · View shares1.6K74Rajiv Tandon, President, The Institute for Innovators and EntrepreneursUpdated 1 year ago · Author has 3.5K answers and 407.2K answer views

What is cheap when you're poor and expensive when you're rich?
When you are poor, compassion is cheap. When you are rich, compassion is expensive. We are not rich by western standards, but we have food every day, 2 cars, we each have our own bedroom in our family and my kids go to decent schools, not the top private schools and not the worst government schools but somewhere in between. We don't have enough money to eat out and for holidays we go camping not skiing. We are not considered rich and we are not considered poor by most people. A guy who regularly does house painting for us, Michael, messaged my wife, he hasn't had any work for a few weeks, and sud 

When you’re poor: time is nearly worthless When you’re rich: time is expensive and worth money Many poor people tend to kill time rather than using their free time to invest in themselves which will allow them to grow wealthier. Poor people see time as not relating to money usually, and time can’t be traded for money. Poor people see their free time just to “kill.” Wealthy people make beneficial use for their future out of the free time they have. They view time as money essentially. It is completely fine to have some fun and to kill time, but it is important to use time management where you also 

Taxes. At least, in theory, taxes. Adam Smith wrote in the Wealth of Nations: “The subjects of every state ought to contribute towards the support of the government, as nearly as possible, in proportion to their respective abilities; that is, in proportion to the revenue which they respectively enjoy under the protection of the state.” Also: "It is not very unreasonable that the rich should contribute to the public expense, not only in proportion to their revenue, but something more than in that proportion", because a tax on "the luxuries and vanities of life [which] occasion the principal expens 

 Should Conor McGregor do his own chores? The man in the picture earned north of $30,000,000 in 2019 alone. Conor McGregor is one of the world’s biggest sports superstars. If he washes his clothes by himself, spending 1 hour of his time, he will save $20 on hiring a housekeeper. “LOL. WHY WOULD HE DO THAT! JUST PAY SOMEONE ELSE.” —you will say and you will be right. But wait… in one scenario, he will spend $20 and, in another scenario, he will spend $0. Why will anyone choose the former?! The reason is that we ignored the opportunity cost. In other words, we only looked at the money aspect of things 

Gotta go back to something as simple as … a dish of Ramen. When I was starting out - college, first job, second job… third job and a half…Ramen noodles alone went from $.10 a pack to $.33 cents a pack. MSG and high sodium be darned! (Hey, I’m still living!) Along with cup a soups and others, Ramen was my go to as well because I could add to it when I had a few more cents to make quite a good dish. Many a night I had Ramen and cut up hot dogs, hard boiled eggs, veggies, cooked it in turkey broth, chicken broth, etc. (Not all at once, btw…only could afford one ingredient or one broth to go in it) 

Education When you are poor, you are bound to go to public school for free. If you are very lucky, you may get to go to a private school on scholarship. Additionally, you should get a substantial scholarship towards university. Even with scholarships like the Pell Grant, If you don’t work through college, you’re still highly likely to end up in pretty significant debt, BUT the nominal amount you and your family pay will be dramatically lower then more well off families (that being said, it is worth pointing out that student from a truly wealthy family will have their tuition paid for by their f 

 From 6 a.m., the couple is the picture, without fail, I would see daily, they are there from sunrise to sunset and would pack up and leave before the municipality's officer passes by this spot to make sure that they are gone as these parts of Bangkok are homes for the rich and famous. How much is it worth to own Premier League football team Leicester City? On paper, Leicester City F.C. worths US$ 5.9 billion.How much do you think the OWNER of this Football Club is worth? It is beyond you and me to guess that not only the football club but also the founder, owner, and chairman of "King Power Dut

Just TIME (opportunity cost)  Poor = You can try out different fields &amp; stuff to find your passion, OR Can spend time to get good at a new profession (as apprentice) even if you are a middle aged person. Being apprentice in some thing fascinates you. For time spend on such stuff is sunk cost (never yield return if you don’t stick to a profession until gain mastery) but worth giving try as will turn you into a professional. Many of us finds in their middle age about the stuff we were born for and the talent enclosed in our genetic code, but by then most of us has a white collar job and a career to  

Joy. When you are poor, there are so many opportunities for a delicious little moment in life. Winning a $20 gift card, getting a free coffee at Starbucks, getting a $0.50/hour raise after only working at a job for a month. Those are all cause for a luminous bit of joy, hope that life is not so endlessly bleak after all. But when you are rich, those same moments either mean so little or have already been dulled in time. To someone worth multiple millions, $20 is not going to make any difference in his day, not even $200 or $2,000. Indeed, it may take winning a $20K or $200K prize to bring even a 

Entertainment. When I was poor, I had to entertain myself for virtually no money. Take the kids to the park: free. Attend a free concert: free. Watch the sunset: free. Sitting on the shore watching ships sail by: free. But that’s never good enough when you have money. The kids “need” to go to Disney. Movie theater instead of borrowing a dvd from the library. Tickets to the a touring music show instead of whoever is playing free in the park this weekend. 18 holes of golf instead of driving balls in the park. Taking the kids to the beach or the mountains on spring break instead of them sitting on  

There is a button in front of you, every time you push it you make 10,000,000 dollars but lose 10 IQ points. How many times would you push the button?
The first thing I do is build a machine that automatically makes my hand push the button (I'm assuming it has to be me directly touching the button and not a robot, or anyone else). Why? Because I'm briefly going to be brain dead. Before we start, I believe my IQ is somewhere around 120, based on a variety of online IQ tests (yes I know those ones), average grades in school, admittance to gifted and talented programs early in life, and anecdotal evidence. I hope to take a real IQ test some day, but I don't expect to get into MENSA. $30,000,000, 90 IQ For the first 3 button presses, I don't notice 

Let’s just state first that I’m answering the heart of this question, not the letter of the question - i.e. as if I would lose intelligence pressing the button. Now, let me then state, that I really appreciate my intelligence. I’m not just booksmart (one could even argue I’m not really, I have quite low common knowledge, knowledge of trivia, or even other ‘learnable’ knowledge), I am a fast learner in unknown situations, I think out of the box very well, if others can’t find a solution in the standard way, am even quite street- and house-smart and I’m since recently also socially and emotionall 

Let’s assume that going dumber is irreversable and we don’t swim in millions of dollars. At this point I think this is a simple optimization problem that is related to marginal costs. To simplify things, let’s also assume that we would like to be as rich and smart as possible (to ignore the ethical parts of this question), and we desire them equally. If you believe that you are so genius that your current IQ would earn you much more than 10 million dollars, just do not push it even once! Go, use your mind and create something wonderful this world. If you are smart or an average person, who has le 

Alright… So there’s a button. Everytime I press it, I get $10 Million dollars. I also lost 10 IQ points simultaneously though. How many times would I press? Once should be fine. The $10 million will really change my entire trajectory at this point of time in my life. I’d be able to focus on investing full-time, which is what I intend to do in about 10 years from now given my current situation. It’ll basically take 10 years off my career chart. (Or make up for several devastating mistakes I’ve made over the last 15 years?) I am an investor, but I don’t do it full-time. The bulk of my income comes fr 

Exactly once. 10 million dollars is enough to set me up for life, DESPITE not becoming not quite as bright or employable or able to learn new things or remember old stuff or just concentrate on everyday problems. Maybe I’d forget more stuff which can be a bit annoying. Maybe I’d catch Alzheimer a few years earlier than normal. Suddenly, my friends and loved ones, instead of seeing me as VERY slightly above average IQ. they’d see me as ether average or a bit under. But they’d still me my friends and loved ones. But that 10 millions is more than enough to solve all my financial problems, living com 

I was pulled out of my third grade class and made to do an IQ test. I didn’t know why at the time, but I later figured it had something to do with the way I behaved in the classroom. I also later found the letter they addressed to my parents. My IQ as of 2008 was 127. According to a quick Google search, that is considered above average, but below what is typically considered a “genius.” I haven’t done an IQ test since then, and I don’t plan to. However I am currently enrolled in university, so one can assume the figure hopefully hasn’t decreased by much.  For the purpose of this hypothetical, I  

The purpose of money within a society is to force a diffrentiation between individuals, and to maintain an economy that supports people academically, legally and much more. Otherwise, money is purely a number within a credit card or perhaps a technologically advanced piece of paper. This paper or number does not determine an individuals personality, experiences, opinions, understandings or anything. The money they possess is purely a symbol of their control and their power over another individual. (Of course, many wealthy people will provide to humanity, but sadly, many others have no influence 

Once. Losing 10 points on an IQ test means losing enough of the capacity for abstract thought and problem solving that would result in a 10-pt decrease in an IQ test. That would be annoying. I’ve never taken a proper IQ test, so I don’t know for sure where I’m at. But I’ve often felt that I’d like to think a bit quicker, and more than once I’ve been sick or chronically short on sleep enough to notice a reduced ‘IQ’ equivalent. I didn’t like that. But…. 10 points is a lot, but not that much. $10 million, on the other hand, is enough to live comfortably - better than I am now! - for the rest of my li 

In the US, according to Business Insider, the median necessary living wage across the entire US is $67,690. To make things a lot simpler, let’s just say to live comfortably with a family, consisting of your significant other and maybe two children, or would take $100,000 a year to I’d say live a middle class life. A life where you don’t have to stress too much about money. If I got $10,000,000, and I need about $100,000, 10,000,000/100,000 = 100. That is 100 years of $100,000 every year without me actually working anymore. I could live comfortably with my family without having to work anymore. I a 

I was pulled out of my third grade class and made to do an IQ test. I didn’t know why at the time, but I later figured it had something to do with the way I behaved in the classroom. I also later found the letter they addressed to my parents. My IQ as of 2008 was 127. According to a quick Google search, that is considered above average, but below what is typically considered a “genius.” I haven’t done an IQ test since then, and I don’t plan to. However I am currently enrolled in university, so one can assume the figure hopefully hasn’t decreased by much.  For the purpose of this hypothetical, I  

How do the poor often waste the little money they do have?
This question is written with so much bias and stigma. Axiomatically the poor have little money and the question is how do they waste it. In my life, I’ve been both poor and well into the middle class. These days I’m more at the higher end of that range. There is an entire economic system determined to exploit the poor. When I was in University, I wanted to get a credit card. The credit card company was very condescending and explained how they were doing me favor by giving me a credit card. A while later my card was cloned and I had to swear under penalty on a recorded line that the transaction 

I see a lot of somewhat altruistic answers here related to systematic perpetuation of the poor. While that may be true in many examples, I interpreted the original question to be more about what do poor people choose to spend money on that is wasteful instead of trying to no longer be poor. Yes there’s a systematic process whereby it costs more to live poor than it does middle-class, but I also suggest that many of those systematic pressures are self-inflicted. The below summaries aren’t intended to cover everyone that’s considered poor or lower class, just those that I felt the question was ai 

When you’re broke, you can’t take advantage of sales, buy in bulk, or invest enough in prevention and maintenance. You might skimp on oil changes and end up needing a rebuilt engine, or put off going to the doctor until what could’ve been fixed with some rest now requires surgery. The psychological toil zaps your energy. You have trouble sleeping, which makes it more difficult to work and think clearly in general. Your mind becomes so preoccupied with worry you worry you’re forgetting about something if it isn’t. It’s difficult to enjoy the few good breaks you get because you always have to be  

Oh this is easy for me because I was dirt poor and worked my way out of it. Yes, when poor you lack some of the benefits of the wealthy. But I know how determined I was to get out. I studied every night to get straight A’s in school. My parents wouldn’t pay for college and I decided I was going anyway. Not one day did I sit back and wait for anything to be given to me. I wanted to EARN IT! I applied to small private schools and they offered me scholarships to go there. I worked 16 hours a day, every day I was home in the summer. I cleaned houses, was a crossing guard, worked for some veterinar 

Being poor in America is expensive. In my area, it costs $7 to cash your paycheck without a bank account. Most of the poor never have enough money saved to open an account. It costs them $4 to get a cashier’s check to pay one bill. If they have to get a check to pay power bill, garbage bill, electric bill, water bill and sewer, that is $20. Some have a credit card they can pre-pay in order to pay bills. That costs a $5 fee and the bank may charge a similar fee for every transaction. If they got their furniture at a rent to own center, they are paying over 50% interest on a sofa marked up by 100 

OK, here’s an example: For seven years my wife and I rented an apartment to a family. We rented to them because they were originally from the same Asian island nation as my wife and she thought she would be more comfortable with them. They were late on their rent almost every month. But the recycling bin was always full to the brim with take-out containers and I would see delivery drivers coming to the door a lot. She had a perfectly fine 10 year old Toyota compact car in good condition, but she traded it in for a used Kia at one of those “We Finance Anyone” places. The car lot even put their own 

When your poor everything cost more. Because stores like costco you need a membership which most poor people can’t afford. And stores like Ralps cost more to buy items in singles than packs. Even having a place to live, for example my friend and wife was poor, and didn’t have credit so he couldn't rent a apartment, so they had to live in a motel. For him to live in a shitty single room motel which was probably 200 square feet in a shitty neighborhood cost $80 to $100 a night. So every month he has to pay almost $3,000 a month. At the end they couldn't afford it anymore so he had to go back to h 

Over a lot of “stupid shit”! My Aunt Mary (mid 80’s age and frail) makes some poor financial and mental decisions and this is what keeps her in “da poor house" First , she NEVER saved for her retirement. She believed her narsasistic husband would always provide for her. Unfortunately he just gave enough only for her to exist- even after her divorce from him (she should have filed with ss and would have gotten half his check but noo!!!! $250.00 a month from her ex was good cause he “loved her”). Only when he does croak did she get a “windfall" from social security which is social security surviv 

When we were first married, we were broke. Broke. We lived from very small paycheck to really small paycheck. We got an extra $100 and blew it on fun at a go cart track. We got a credit card, and bought a boat motor. We got a big windfall of cash, we bought a camper. After all, we didn't have much fun. We deserved some fun. After a few years of fun, we were up to our nostrils in debt. We had a wallet full of maxed out credit cards. Every time the phone rang, we cringed. Debt collectors hounded us to death. We needed to buy a home, but couldn't muster up enough credit to make a down payment on a 

A little over 5 years ago i graduated high school and joined the Marine Corps. As most at the time i had a previous job at a fast food restaurant but nothing that could really prepare me for what was coming next. I was out of my parents house earning a bit over $1,400 per month. It’s not much looking back but at the time that was a lot for me. Specially since i was only making 100–200$ per week a few months back. I had no rent or mortgage, no car or any loans of the sort. However i somehow manage to spend my entire paycheck every month without exception. Most of it went to “fun” times and busines 

What secret was revealed that ruined you financially?
What are some common ways that rich people mispend their money?
What was the most expensive thing you ever got for free, because someone made a mistake and didn't charge you?
I went online to buy a pistol from Walmart in Brazil, added it to my shopping cart, filled out my credit card information and clicked the submit button. A text message popped up on my phone saying my credit card had been charged for the correct amount. A few seconds later an email notification followed, I opened the email, read through it and realized the delivery address was my old address which was way on the other side of the city three hours from my new house. I went back to the website to change it, but the button to select another address was greyed out. So, I called their customer servi 

A house! This house.  The result was a gain of either a £105k or £60k depending on your point of view. I know I’m going to get lots of people calling bullshit on this and I can’t provide too much evidence as I don’t want this coming back on me so you’ll just have to bear with me. In 1999 my girlfriend (now wife) was expecting, so we scraped, grafted and begged to get a deposit together for our own home. The 10% deposit required was £6000 and we managed to negotiate a great deal from a retiring couple who had raised a family in that home and they wanted to see it go to a new family. We struggled to f 

I have received something expensive but not through a mistake. It was because of a very kind person. In September 2008 I managed to live my lifelong dream and visited Graceland in Memphis. I am from the north east of England so this was a really big deal for me - as I never holiday abroad - I have always had other priorities, but I saved up for a year for this trip. On my second day there I met someone, a young man on his own, who was chatting to my two daughters (they came with me) at the bar of the Heartbreak Hotel and he came to sit with us. It turned out that this young man had a meeting with 

Not quite free but a huge discount. A long time ago I was a junior engineer, about 22, on a project building a radio communications system, and I was given the job of buying an Intel “in circuit emulator” or ICE. These were very expensive pieces of equipment for testing computer software, you take out the CPU and plug in the ICE. You can then run your programs at full speed and trace what happens, put in conditional break points (so you can say “if this happens then stop running”) and do lots of clever debugging not possible with embedded microcontrollers which don't have screens to monitor act 

So far the best deal I got in my history of expensive purchases is a new car which was advertised highly below its market value. Basically I was looking for a brand new car, either with a pre-registration or without. Here in Germany we have lots of car import companies; they buy new or pre-registered cars from eastern european countries such as Slovenia (as in my case) for a much lower list price and ship them to Germany to re-sell them to their customers. There is a wide range of cars available in stock with those companies, so I had lots of opportunities to choose one for myself. After a few m 

A set of 18V battery powered Ryobi tools from Home Depot. I got them free but not because somebody forgot to charge me, instead, the cashier forego the $0.01 I should have paid for them and let me go without getting my one red cent. Backstory, if you are in the US and you are a deal hunter, you may have heard a now defunct site called fatwallet . com (thanks ebates a-holes for shutting it down by the way). On this site people used to discuss deals and every once in a while an incredible deal like this one used to fall into people’s lap. So, one day I am working from home due to an early phone co 

How about a crazy discount? When my husband and I got married we set up a registry. We didn’t register for a lot, but we weren’t getting married in the city we lived in. We got married in the city our parents/siblings lived in, and we didn’t want to be flying with gifts. It was easier to register and pick up at home. One thing I really wanted was a big Le Creuset, a 9 qt one. Even a decade ago they were REALLY pricey, in the 450 range in Canada, but, hey, registry, why not? My former graduate school roommates, who were very good friends of ours,got it for us. I was THRILLED. They ordered it from  

To be clear, I DID pay for it - they chose to return my money….. Two years ago, just before Christmas, our refrigerator died (of course). Please understand, we RV full-time — RV refrigerators have multiple sources of power (electric, propane) and even the smallest of them starts at something like $1500 (new, and this is NOT the kind of thing I’d be comfortable with doing DIY installation). Because we stay in parks, I don’t really “need” to replace the dead one with another 2-way… I just need a fridge, a regular house fridge will work fine as long as it fits the space. Yay! Surely I can find some 

My father was a very neat guy that was in the restaurant business and the antique business. He had a thing for Lighting, Furniture and Timepieces both old and new. A book could be written about him and his exploits, but that is another story. When I was very young my parents divorced. My mom stayed in Connecticut, and my Father stayed in New York City. As I got a little older My father's interest in timepieces rubbed off on me a little bit. My brother and I went to visit him one weekend and my father showed my a really cool new watch that he had picked up. It was a Rolex Daytona Chronograph. Stain 

I really can’t afford this, I reluctantly admitted. The salesman who I’d let in two hours ago to do a free demonstration on my carpet replied, “I’ll just leave it here tonight so you can finish the rest of your carpet and be back tomorrow afternoon to pick it up.” It was an $2000 Rainbow Vacuum cleaner with all of the attachments and a carbon copy contract outlining payments for the next two years… I would have loved to own it, but it was 1996, I was 22 years old with a small new home and newborn baby. This guy, his name was Chris, wasn’t going away anytime soon, but as an appreciation gift to 

What TV show is proof that people will do anything for money?
What is the greatest example of an actor only being in a movie for the money?
Most of the answers given here are about actors who were in a very bad movie for the money. So be aware that my answer is entirely different. I’m talking about quite possibly the greatest actor of all time, who was in one of the greatest movies of all time, in one of his greatest roles. But still, Marlon Brando did Apocalypse Now mostly for the money, at least at first.  In the late 1970s, Marlon Brando was someone everyone knew. You definitely knew him as the iconic Godfather, Don Vito Corleone:  If you were a bit older, you knew him as Stanley Kowalski from A Streetcar Named Desire. You might ha 

I cannot really think of a more glaring example of this than Orson Welles. It’s not as if there’s anything wrong with an actor being in a movie just for money, but Welles diluted his reputation and arguably his credibility as well. Now this was a man once of such immense talent that he directed, produced, co-wrote and was the main actor in what is widely considered to be THE greatest and most influential movie of all time. Citizen Kane (1941)  Okay then, to have been the father both in the artistic and intellectual sense of the most iconic cinematic work ever made? It really doesn’t get any bigger t 

Brando in every movie he ever made after Mutiny on the Bounty. Marlon Brando was, probably, one of the best actors ever. Brando was, in fact, one of the best actors—likely the best actor—of the movie age. And Brando, I have heard, thought of acting . . . well, he called acting “a ridiculous profession.” That quote, though possibly apocryphal, still nicely answers the question: How did Brando’s reputation as an actor go from being A great artist in the fifties to being A joke as the decade of the 1960s came to a close? One of his top five performances, and that is saying much, Brando's Fletcher Chri 

I think we all know these type of actors when we see them in a movie they shouldn’t be. In my personal opinion, I think the following actors/actresses did the movie only for the sake of the money. Mark Wahlberg for Transformers: The Last Knight  After declining to come back to do a Transformers 5, probably because of how bad the fourth one was, Mark Wahlberg shortly thereafter said he'd in fact be back for the fifth. I think we all know why. Reported Salary: According to Forbes, he made $68 million from a combined movies of 2, Transformers and Deep Water Horizon. Edward Norton - The Italian Job.  Sto 

Will Smith  Will Smith is a master at grabbing every role that he can get, until he reaches a point where people get sick of him. Then, he turns around and gives an award-worthy performance that gets people talking about him. Then he turns around and milks that star power for all it’s worth. He has not only done this for himself, but tried to use his star power to launch his kid’s career (albeit unsuccessfully). His entire career is crafted to make him maximum money. By walking the line between artistic and popular, he is able to demand top billing in B-grade movies for a long long time. Just loo 

 Robert Shaw was one such actor. Among other roles, Shaw played the Soviet assassin Donald Grant in From Russia with Love (1963), General George Armstrong Custer in Custer of the West (1967), Colonel Hessler in The Battle of the Bulge (1965), and, most memorably, Quint in Steven Spielberg’s blockbuster movie Jaws (1975). Shaw was a larger-than-life character—a fine actor with a magnificent stage presence and a powerful thirst for alcohol. By the time he was fifty he’d been married three times and had ten children. And as his agent and biographer John French noted, Robert Shaw was determined to pr 

Back in 1977, while working as a full-time carpenter, the unknown Harrison Ford auditioned for a role in Star Wars as the iconic galactic smuggler Han Solo. While reading his lines, George Lucas fell in love, hiring him on the spot, but at a meager base salary of $10,000. Add in 0.5% revenue share and Ford netted $1,948,495 for this role.  As a character whose development led him from being selfish and greedy to someone who cared about his friends, Ford always wanted his character to die off. He reasoned that it would represent the “culmination of the character’s entire story arc” as one of the onl 

 Glenn Close To be fair, doing a couple of big movies helped Glenn to accomplish her goal of doing a couple of smaller movies since the bigger paychecks do mean more financial freedom, and she does put her all into a role more often than not. Big names do tend to bolster movies in a big way, even if the stars aren’t seen on screen for that long. Her role in this movie was fairly short, in fact a lot of people might not even recall seeing her in the movie at all, but at the very least it helped her achieve something that she was working towards, and it wasn’t quite the worst experience she’s ever 

Lindsay Lohan  She needed the money to support her lifetstyle at that time. Eventually she need more money for all the legal troubles she have incurred in later years. Yeah, back in the old day, there’s still some innocence to her and somewhat of naivete while growing up in Hollywood. In 2003 and 2004, she was the hottest star with roles such as Freaky Friday (2003) starting off and being the most popular young starlet with roles in Mean Girls (2004) and Confession of a Drama Queen (2004 - not a biopic of her, but pretty much described it). The salary back then was somewhat respectable for her and  

My favorite is Alec Guiness as Obi-Wan Kenobi.  Obi-Wan (Ben) Kenobi This was what he wrote of his role in a letter: My dear Anne, I have returned to London this evening for my stint at the studio for the rest of the week. Can't say I'm enjoying the film — new rubbish dialogue reaches me every other day on wadges of pink paper — and none of it makes my character clear or even bearable. I just think, thankfully, of the lovely bread, which will help me keep going until next April even if 'Yahoo' collapses in a week. I must off to studio and work with a dwarf (very sweet, — and he has to wash in a bide 

What is the strangest way you found out a friend was wealthy?
My classmate was a multimillionaire and he didn’t even treat me to KFC.  It happened back when I was in 10th grade in high school, Philippines. During the start of the school year, we had a transferee student who happened to be rich. No one knew about it at first. Or was it just me? During that time, one of the three islands of the Philippines, Mindanao, was in state of war. A part of that island is currently inhabited by the terrorists making it dangerous for people to live in. Most of them fled the state. This one classmate of mine, whose last name happened to be ‘Tapang’ which translates to Bra 

This happened in high school for me. This girl was popular in my class, well-liked, down to earth, humble, very approachable. She didn’t have a car, she didn’t ever wear anything flashy or expensive. Just simple jeans and t-shirts and normal teen girl clothes. She blended in with everyone at my high school, free of airs. She was more of an acquaintance than a friend, at least with regards to me. We also attended a normal suburban public high school. It was very well regarded for its rigorous academics, and had nice facilities for a public school, but it didn’t attract the really rich. The really 

I mistook my friend’s butler to be their uncle and one of their homes to be a hotel. This occurred when I was ten years old. I met two twin girls when we were eight and attending an after school maths program. At that time I was attending an extremely rundown and underfunded public school while they were attending an elite private-all girls school. As an eight year old, I knew that meant they were considerably wealthier than my family. However, I had no idea just how rich their family truly was. Anyhow, at ten I was at the maths program and was waiting for my mother in the waiting room where she w 

It was when my father brought out the church yearbook, or registry, or whatever it’s called and circled all the single old men in there and noted their dollar value as he felt, “With God blessing me with an a** as fine at that, it was my responsibility to the family to use it to catch a wealthy man to increase the family’s net worth because what I was sitting on was worth 100 times its weight in gold.” Forget this arse was no blessing, but had spent 21 hours a week training and had been in training for almost 20 years at that point, he felt I had “no right to waste my fine a** enjoying sex with 

He gifted me a pyramid of Ferrero Rocher chocolate on our graduation day from elementary school. For starters, my family is poor to the point where we can’t eat 2~3 meals a day every single day. My childhood friend/best friend of 14 years is filthy rich. Since we had to wear uniforms to school, I couldn’t tell from his clothes and even when we hung out outside of school he wore really plain clothes. But then as time passed I started noticing how much money he spends when we’re out considering how frequently we were out. We would go in the supermarket. I pick things that won’t exceed two dollars 

Better than finding out a friend is wealthy, I’ll tell the story of how I found out my wife was wealthy! My wife and I had met while she was in grad school and working a part-time job for not all that much money. We dated for two years and decided to get married, at which point she had a full-time job not paying all that much money. I met her parents a few times before the wedding. They were both in their mid-60s and had retired recently. They flew coach, and wore t-shirts and jeans/khakis with old sneakers. When we had dinner, I paid - which isn’t saying much as they would usually ask for Thai 

When I was 23 I moved into a house with two other guys. One was my best friend and the other guy was someone we had just recently met. My friend and I mentioned that we were looking for a place, and he said he was too. When we found a good deal on a three bedroom apartment in an old house converted to a triplex, we invited this basically complete stranger to move in with us.  I met the woman who would eventually become my wife when I was living there. The first time she saw our place, she said it was like the stereotypical bachelor pad out of a movie. I had inherited the old worn-out couch and l 

 Oh do I have one for you…. circa Cairo, mid ’90s. I was in college and I had a friend who was really nice and down to earth. He was always in simple Levi’s and non-branded t-shirts or shirts. He never spoke about his family or what they do. One day, I was with him in his car (a standard edition jeep Cherokee, nothing fancy), and he told me he needed to drop by his home to pick something up. We drove into an eight-story building (not the pic above, but similar). He pulled up at the entrance and gave the keys to who I think was a watchman to park it. All cars below were randomly scattered below. (T 

You know the perfect girl in high school? The one your parents want you to be and the one your teachers still remember years after her graduation? Yeah, that’s her. She was the popular girl everyone wanted to be friends with. She excelled in academics, was a music prodigy (seriously, she played the violin, piano, oboe and sang and was placed in almost every competition she joined). She was pretty, charismatic, smart, humble, fun and a true friend.  Charliz and I met on the first day of middle school and became close friends as we grew up. Being the social butterfly she is, the whole school was her fr 

 I feel safest with friends I identify as good people so there are instances where I didn’t grasp the magnitude of their wealth until I go through experiences with them that made me realised they had an added different dimension of reality because of their wealth. I made an acquaintance who later became my godbrother. When we went out to eat at expensive dinners, he claimed that he spent his entire paycheck on that meal. He said his Rolex was fake. His license was being suspended due to drunk driving so I didn’t get to see his car. He also didn’t use his driver at that time. He would always say  

How many generations does average wealth last?
It depends. According to an Italian study - What’s your (sur)name? Intergenerational mobility over six centuries, those families which were rich in the Middle Ages, are likely to be rich even today, but those families which were poor in the Middle Ages, are likely to be poor. The often quoted “three generations” is a cliché. True, this thing happens: the first generation makes it, the second maintains it and third demolishes it, but far more common is that the fourth and subsequent generations are prosperous instead of poor. The main reason is that the wealth dilutes by generation. The first gen 

It depends on individual circumstances. But there do seem to be two typical progressions: One or two generations build wealth. There may be a first generation with limited success, but they may lay the groundwork for wealth. Then comes the key family member who becomes very successful and wealthy. But the next generation, who have been brought up to wealth, squander it and return to poverty. Or that generation realise that the wealth was hard earned and keeping it needs work. Successful businesses either expand or contract and die. If they do this, then the work ethic becomes ingrained and the fam 

Usually no more than 3 generations. Chances are slim to maintain family wealth for over a century. It has a reason for richest of the richest stay on the top of fortune list. Between 1982 and 1989, the Forbes list included 320 families, 30% of which are still on the list in 2011(only less than 30 years has passed, 70% of the original families disappeared on the top list). Most families that continue to be on the list have achieved long-term average annual growth rate of 6%, same for large listed companies. In other words, in order to exceed the long-term 6% growth rate, business families need to 

This is the key fundamental question to a lot of wealthy families and family offices. It has been studied over and over again through the family governance practice. The answer? It depends.   Full Disclosure: I spent the last 7 years in the financial services industry, more specifically within the wealth management arena. Over the last 7 years, I moved up the wealth management spectrum and went from the brokerage world (think of the Merrill Lynch's of the world), to the holistic financial planning niche, to the private banks and ultimately within the family office space.  There have been studies cite 

Easy question but not so easy to answer. It’s virtually impossible to put a figure on that. The answer to the question lies in how many generations continued to value EducationBasic values &amp; ethicsSkill buildingFlexibility, i.e. change with timesI think these are the 4 major cornerstones to manage wealth and build on it. Strong education is at the core foundation and adding values and ethics to someone’s character improves him/her further. If he continues to add skills on top of his education, like sports, art, etc. it enriches him further and provides him with a broader vision. Finally when he 

A recent article written by advisors to wealthy families discusses some of the common ways that family wealth is destroyed over multiple generations, as well as techniques to help prevent the destruction of family wealth over time:  Wealth management usually comes in two parts: financial planning to increase and manage your wealth, and estate planning to protect and pass the wealth along to heirs with as few taxes as possible. Unfortunately, 70% of family wealth is destroyed by the second generation, and family unity is destroyed right along with the wealth. After three generations, the loss of  

There is a general consensus here that wealth lasts three generations. I would like to explore the “why” part in this answer. Redistribution of wealth at death.Often times, the wealthy have numerous heirs-both children and grandchildren. This can greatly reduce the amount of money one gets. If you have 3 kids, and your kids have 3 kids and so on, by the 3rd generation, there are already 27 heirs. $100 million divided by 27 is less than $4 million-way less money than earlierEstate taxes eat up a big chunk of family wealth. Is it a bad thing? Not necessarily, but that’s not the question here. Wha

The reality is usually one to two, in America. Multi-generational wealth just isn’t a goal for people that I talk to. There is a perception that it increases inequality. I know of some people who feel like their children won’t have good values if they have access to higher wealth. Which is just plain foolish. Values and work ability are an individual choice. Someone with access to more resources just has more choices. I’ll take my multi-generational wealth as an example: My great grandfather was a general contractor, he moved to this state and started building commercial buildings. This enabled hi 

British experience observes that the first generation builds the wealth and the second builds on it but the third generation then wastes it all. Some notable families such as the Rothchilds, Guiness, Mars and Hiltons may buck the trend but that is probably because they are so large and well diversified they can absorb the occasional genetic hiccup. If you don't believe this then look at the English aristocracy. 100 years ago 100 families bestrode an Empire ( forgive the poetic licence and the alliteration ) Today they are in the main reduced to opening their stately homes as theme parks and ar 

Let’s say you have a $10M estate that you bequeath to your 3 kids. Say, each of your 3 kids have 3 children and they have 3 children each. So, you are left with 27 great grandchildren. Savings accounts today get lower than 1% return. For the sake of this discussion, assume there was no return on investment. Then, each of the great grandkids end up with about $400k which will put one kid through 4 years of private college. Even if some of the children and grandchildren did very well, it is likely to be a small number (a couple?). While these small number of descendants may do well, the rest are l 

What are some photos which deserve millions of likes?
Has a stranger ever paid for you?
What is the strangest way you found out a friend was wealthy?
What are some photos which deserve millions of likes?
What was the largest refund you ever got from a purchase?
If you become extremely rich, is it possible to keep it a secret or is it bound to become public?
What are the most interesting backstories on people’s salaries?
Why do programmers get paid so much?
As many have already stated it’s a simple matter of supply and demand. The supply of programmers isn’t sufficient so in order to attract talented programmers you need to pay more than positions that require similar education. But why is that the case? Why aren’t there enough programmers? Some programmers make as much as a lawyer with only an undergrad degree (or in some cases no degree at all)! So why aren’t people flocking to computer science and engineering? Programming is difficult and it seems most people can’t hack it. From “The camel has two humps”: Despite the enormous changes which have ta 

I don't know about getting paid so much, but I am sure that me being a programmer becomes sometime a reason of argument with my wife. Sample incident goes as below: Wife: Get some eggs while returning from office. Me: Do you need them for tonight dinner or tomorrow breakfast or lunch? Wife : How does that matter? Me: If I come little late from office, eggs will not be available for dinner. If I come very late, shops would have closed and eggs won't be available for tomorrow's breakfast as well. Wife : But you come back to home on time every day. Why would you be late today? Me: Probability “1” doesn 

Unfortunately most of the answers here miss the point of the question. Software engineers are paid well because it’s one of the hardest jobs out there. Here’s just a handful of things we have to do on a daily basis: Explore a completely different domain“I know you’re a programmer, but here, figure out rocket science and then build software that will make this rocket do X”“Oh you’re a programmer, here, figure out medical science and build us a software package that helps keep out patients alive”“Oh so you write code, hm… can you write some code that patches our plane’s autopilot software?”Al

Pop That depends. Some software developers are paid significantly more than others. Times are changing. The first thing to understand is that some companies see software development as cost center and others see software development as a revenue generator. The ones who see software development as a cost center tend to see software developers as part of the “IT department”. You have to pay someone to keep these machines going, but you want to pay them as little as possible. They are not respected, and they are not valued. I have met Boomers who think I work in IT. I stay far, far away from compan 

Do you really think they get paid that much? Muahaha! Nope. Well, at least you should consider the consumer prices in the area. You can get paid like 150k in Silicon Valley before taxes which is around 100k after taxes, and with that pay 3–4k per month for the rent and a lot of money for medicine and products, also it is impossible to live without a car, and so on. So finally you have nothing to save. In Germany typical programmer’s salary is 60k euro before taxes which is around 30k after taxes. If you rent a room and live alone, that would be enough but not with the family and a normal flat. A  

they get paid a decent amount because, it can be very logical and tedious type of work, and its not for everyone. if you dont study it at college,or have a personal interest in learning to code, then chances are …the entire programming world is like a black box to you and you dont even really understand what programming is….you remain this way for the rest of your life. so now that we have worked out that it is tedious, very logical, and not many people venture down the rabbit hole…on top of that computers are taking over every aspect of the world…so it is highly in demand. i was a programmer for 

After thinking about it for many years, I highlight 3 factors 1) Value → Demand If a programmer could build something like google that made you lots of money, obviously they are valuable. Whatever a developer does could be very valuable. So the first point is , they get paid a lot because they create a lot of value. Compare that to say a making a Burger. High value drives higher demand. Think about it, if you had a machine that could turn every $1 into $1.20 in 1 year. How valuable would you be? Depends how much you started with, but if that’s $1B you could return $200M. Apparently this machine  

Ideally you see this as clearly as I. We are building the infrastructure to enable a future where Brain Emulations emerge prior to fully conscious AI’s. Today we are seeding the world with sensors for future EM’s and AI’s. This is the IoT period and we are placing Eyes and Ears everywhere, temperature, pressure, voltage and a myriad of other sensors, pumps and other devices all over the world. These are the nervous system for emergent beings of the future. Right now all these devices and systems are in early hominid stages and we use stone tools wielded by artisans to program them and enable b 

Its not universally true. There are different segments in this industry and all levels of programmers in those that do various things. I believe the income distribution between these levels of programmers varies by the market segment they work in. For e.g. someone working at large scale product and services companies like Facebook, Netflix, ARM, Apple, Microsoft etc will on average make more money than someone at the same level working in let’s say, a software development house that caters for a niche and comparatively small market operating out of a few offices scattered here and there. This is 

It’s still a relatively new industry. Unlike producing original writing, audio or graphical assets under creative license terms, or other intellectual property arrangements. Software is more often crudely seen as as something like a building site construction. It’s a terrible analogy though. One day authoring software will be seen as a creative, authoring activity. But until that day, creative solution developers will continue to be systematically ripped off. As a form of compensation, until this is fixed then higher pay helps somewhat. I would much rather have had a 1% share of the ownership in  

What is considered a high salary in Canada?
If you can make $18/hour as a single person working full time, that’s a good salary. If you can earn an average of $60,000/year or $5000/month you will live a solid middle class lifestyle. If you have kids and a wife you’ll both need to earn $60,000/year to have a solid middle class life. 2 adults earning $60,000/year provides a monthly after tax income of approximately $7852, and that will be it..you’ll make too much money to qualify for any family allowance. What’s a middle class life? a comfortable 1200/sqft home built in the 80’s mid market type home. 2 certified used vehicles (A dodge cara 

To keep it simple we have to divide the country in 4 different type of economical region. The biggest distinction between this 4 regions is the cost of houses/apartments. Besides that there is not a big distinction between regions. Biggest tax is federal so it applies all across the board. Quebec tax for income above 85k is 24% while alberta is 5% for everyone, something to consider. But besides that clothes, cars, food and entertainment costs roughly the same everywhere is Canada. There are some differences, but they are rather minor. *These prices reflect what you would have to earn for yours 

That is extremely context-dependent. A decent salary in a small town wouldn't pay your costs of living in a big city. Survey the people on the Bridle Path (expensive neighbourhood in Toronto), and you will get a very different answer than Jane &amp; Finch (less well-off area of Toronto), and very likely still another number in, say, Quesnel, BC or Sept-Iles, QC. In a city like Toronto, I would say 100k is a reasonable dividing line. It’s not anywhere close to “being rich” in a city where home ownership often crosses the $1M line, but if you’re making at least that much, you can probably afford a pl 

The labour market situation in Canada has gradually improved since the fourth quarter of 2016, and employment rates are projected to remain stable. Employment as a share of those aged 15 to 74 is expected to remain around 66%, slightly below the pre-crisis peak of 66.9% achieved in the fourth quarter of 2007. Despite improvements in OECD countries (Australia, Belgium, Canada, Chile, etc.) the employment rate in Canada remains above the OECD average. In Canada, less than half of workers who faced job loss for economic reasons found a new job with one year. This re-employment rate is similar to t 

Well. Apart from the billionaires, Mr Justin Bieber, CA$60 million a year before taxes. (He is not a billionaire. ) Carly Rae Jepsen CA$2 - 4 million a year. But normally, CA$100,000 is high. Consider this. A large proportion of workers earn the minimum wage. In British Columbia (Vancouver) it is CA$15 per hour. If the worker does 40 hours a week that's $2400 per month. That's CA$28,800 a year. Canada’s Richest People 2018: The Top 25 Richest Canadians The last one on the list is the Steinberg family, fortune in casinos. Net worth CA$3.37 billion or over 10 times Justin Bieber. The top guy is a Thoms 

This is an unanswerable question. For example, I live in Vancouver. One of the top 3 most expensive cities in North America and top 10 in the world. Buying a home in the city and adjoining suburbs for under a million dollars is unheard of. I make just under 40$/hr. I own a 2 bedroom apartment that is under 1000 sq/ft. My building is over 50 years old and my strata fees are 300$/month. My ordinary (not at all special) apartment in a so-so neighborhood is valued at around 500K. But I could probably sell for approximately 650K. For context, my neighbor down the hall just sold their bachelor suite  

Everything that you can earn in Canada is good. It is not the earning that you will cherish in Canada but you will have far more better life in Canada. 15 to 20 Canadian $ per hour can be a good salary to start with initially, once you will get experience of working in Canada than sky will be the limit for you don't worry. It is more important to make inrodes in any country rather than thinking about what will happen. So, don't think too much and get the Visa and fly to Canada. I was in the same situation like you when I went to UK but everything fall in place slowly. You can not expect from the 

This greatly depends on which province you live and how big is your family. Canada has two hot cities for jobs, Toronto and Vancouver. Usually immigrants settle here as Toronto is way big and maximum opportunities are there or they choose Vancouver for weather and business firms there, esp being close to Seattle. Usually housing space ranges from $1000 to $2200 for 2 bedroom space. It depends where you choose to live. Monthly expenses get close to $1000 (grocery, mobile, hydro bills, transit cards) So anywhere you earn from $3000/mo or annually $45000 is an ok. to start off salary to run basic  

Echo most of the sentiments here. Toronto (GTA area) and Vancouver in particular have gone off the charts in growth and market pressure much like many global growth, opportunity and lifestyle success-story cities when they get large influx and build up. So, in pre-covid market, a $100,000 salary in Toronto would be fine, but you won’t be buying new Tesla’s every other year, because your housing will take a lot of that spending. Get past $125 000 and you start to get comfortable even in the Toronto and Vancouver markets. By contrast, a running joke with a friend living outside of Ottawa showed a s 

There are about thirteen different job markets in Canada separated by geography, culture and or living costs. A home in PEI might be $80,000 while the same house in Toronto or Vancouver would be ten times that much, or more. Different jobs have different versions of a “good salary”. $30,000 might be adequate in one area and below the poverty line somewhere else. This is a question that cannot be answered without knowing what part of Canada you want to be part of, what you can do and what you want to do. 28.1K views · View upvotes14Rachel Lee, lives in CanadaAnswered 1 year ago · Author has 110 answers and 135.7K answer viewsOriginally Answered: What is considered a good salary in Canada?

What is a good salary for an expat in Amsterdam if we’d like a one-bedroom flat and are not eligible for public housing? We are eligible for the 30% ruling.
Is 60k a year a high salary in the U.S.?
Nope, at least in general. It's about median income which means it's average. Medians are probably the best way to measure average income in the US because our income distribution is skewed right (or positive depending on who taught you statistics). Mean income is about $10,000 higher for that reason. Now if you're using this information to make a career decision you should know a couple of things. One, happiness stops increasing with income at around $75,000 a year in the US. That's around the point that every one of your basic needs are fully met. After that more money can only bring you plea 

Yes . . . and no. It’s all relative. Consider a $60,000 / year salary in a place like the Washington, DC metro area. That’s $5,000 semi-monthly (twice monthly) in gross, pre-tax income. First, factor in 5% for benefits ($250) (you did want medical, dental, and vision insurance, right?) and 25% withholding ($1,250) for income and payroll taxes. Second, factor in $1,000 to $1,500 / month for a 1BR apartment, depending on the location. Let’s split the difference here and make it $1,250 / month. (You could go lower with roommates or by moving further out . . . but depending on your job, that might impa 

(You really need to specify “for what.” A high or low salary is determined by career.) In IT that’s illegal alien wages, pretty much all across the country. I’m in the Midwest, far enough away from Chicago to be in a low-reasonable cost of living area. Even out here, remote, work-from-home billing rates are $50+/hr. Yes, you can find bottom feeding companies posting openings on Find Jobs in Tech and Job Search | Indeed wanting someone with 10+ years experience and paying only $80K, but they are deliberately looking to hire an illegal alien. Those positions go unfilled for years. If they do get fi 

Not really. In some places in the U.S. if you have no children, live in modest yet comfortable accommodations and have a dependable low maintenance car, you could be comfortable on that salary if you also have employer sponsored health insurance and a retirement plan your employer contributes to. Add in children, student loans, etc and it starts to become ramen, spaghetti and rice a Roni dinners, no eating out, no vacation, considering fresh food a very special treat. Also there are places $60k would not be livable AT ALL or only with government/family/charity assistance. Of course, government/c 

It depends on the location. In Manhattan, San Francisco, and downtown Los Angeles, 60k a year won’t get you much more than an old, cramped apartment and basic necessities like water, electricity, and food. If you have young children, you may even need government assistance to get by. In the suburbs, outskirts, and neighboring districts of those aforementioned cities (San Mateo, Brooklyn, Glendale, etc.), 60k a year is enough to live a comfortable albeit austere life. Splurging on vacations and luxury goods is out of the question, but if you manage your finances well, you can avoid having to live 

U.S. Census Bureau lists the annual median personal income at $35,977 in 2019. Then 60K is almost 2x – WoW 60K is a high Salary in the US. But we must dig more into Details. Come Let us calculate. High Salary is measured based on 2 factors. Job Title or the Industry or Field of work.Balance left after the mandatory Spent.My insights can help to determine the Salary needs. I have Stayed in different parts of USPresently staying in New York Metropolitan AreaNet Pay is the Real Salary: Every Employer will determine your value based on the gross income, but we must focus on the Take Home Salary becaus 

The average individual salary in the U.S. in 2019 was just under $49,000 per year. [1] So $60K is about 20% higher than average. That’s on the high end of the middle range for an individual. If that one salary accounts for the entire household income, it is almost dead-center average.[2] Of course, it makes a difference where in the U.S. you are. $60,000 in Manhattan or San Francisco is not even going to meet basic needs. With that income, for example, you could buy a house valued about $300,000 or less. That is less than half the cost of the absolute cheapest house in San Francisco.[3] Finding a place 

According to the US government, $60,000 per year is the median salary in 2020. That means that half the population earns more than $60,000 per year and half the population earns less than that. However, this is somewhat misleading, since the ones who earn less may earn much less while the ones who earn more may earn much more. And the difference becomes quite steep, the higher you go. There’s only $60,000 between $60,000 and zero. But there’s no upper limit. In my experience, this is a starting (entry-level) salary in nearly any profession that requires a graduate degree in anything. This may n 

It is a relatively high salary for a working-class person. We use a number that has no real meaning to determine “average income” in the United States, because if we did it properly, it would show how poor the working class actually is. Going back to elementary school, it’s important to remember the difference between the Mean, the Median, and the Mode of a data set. The Median income is what we advertise. That’s the “middle-most” value of the data when you order your sample from least to greatest, which is around $75,000. The reason this is meaningless is because if the bottom half of my data i 

Despite what a lot of people have said, $60,000 isn’t all that much. Factor in conservative numbers here: a car payment + Car insurance + gas + maintenance ($700–1000+ Per month), because a car is necessary if you’re outside of a city with a decent public transit system, rent + utilities-including wireless phone, internet, electricity, water, trash, sewer (~1,500+ a month), 1/2 health insurance and all of your doctors’ bills -because even IF your employer covers 1/2 of your insurance, and a lot of employers don’t cover ANY, you most likely won’t meet your deductible unless you have surgery (so 

Is the Singaporean military well-paid?
Why are software developers paid ridiculously low in Singapore despite having a very high living cost compared to that of the US and Europe?
Is 80k a year a good salary?
Are teachers paid enough?
Teachers are not (or may think they are not ) paid enough for these reasons: they are employed as employees- mostly by the government and some in private schools. Unlike other professions (engineers, doctors, lawyers, etc) they cannot charge a fee for service to earn more based on their reputation or that of their firm, etc. They are subject to a government salary structure or what the private sector is paying, based on market conditions.The teaching profession is highly feminised or comprises mostly women. I think therefore there is a perception (wrongly) that teachers salaries are mostly a se

It depends what you mean by well enough. Most places have enough teachers. Based on the laws of supply and demand the answer is yes. Teachers are paid “enough”. If there is a shortage then they are not being paid enough…  The thing is that if teachers were paid more then different people would apply for the positions. I’m not going to say better or worse but different people. Also, some people that cannot afford to remain teachers and maintain the lifestyle they want. They are leaving the industry. With additional pay, they would not leave.  Personally, I get paid 

I posted this rant on Facebook after one of my teacher friends posted a photo. I’ll just give you a heads up that I copied my post straight from Facebook so it’s not as eloquently worded as I would like.  Photo credit: Facebook, I have no clue where it’s originally from though. This is why I stopped teaching. 4 different schools over 3ish years, and its all the same. $9/hr before taxes, 20 kids all 4yrs old (my class had 5 of those 20 on various stages of the spectrum, I had no assistant) basic classroom materials are provided but "extras" are paid for by teachers and is not reimbursed (you know, 

I have been a teacher for half of my 35 years in the work force, and I’ve had many other jobs as a comparison. Teachers often talk about the burdens of correction, student behaviour, yard duty, sports, camps etc. I have never heard a teacher in Australia say we are well paid (apart from me). Non-teachers point to the 12 weeks of holidays, and say there is little to complain about given how much we earn. From 2019, in Victoria, the pay starts at 70K for a graduate, up to about 112k for a leading teacher. If teachers a worried that other four year degrees get more money, then go out and try being a 

Look at the pay for someone with a 4 year degree. Compare that with a teacher. We also have to pay for our own supplies and sometimes for the students. I have had to buy lunch for more than one child whose parents are very hard up. in Australia we don’t supply free lunches to kids. I also had to disarm an angry 15 year old without training and no danger money. Many schools don’t have enough textbooks for English and Maths let alone electives. So I donote some texts to the school library for reference use. Compare that to a lawyer or financial advisor. Payed multiples of what I get without physic 

I feel like I am adequately compensated for the work I do. Sure, I could be making more with my mathematics degree if I had decided to go into engineering or actuarial science, but I can’t really imagine doing anything else. In my job I have purpose and autonomy. I have a direct impact on kids’ lives. My job is challenging in all the right ways and no two days are the same. I teach at the same school as my wife does and the school my kids attend. Some days I am lucky enough to catch a glimpse of one of my sons during recess and I get to watch them in a different setting. I always feel lucky to  

Yes, probably, when you consider the problem collectively. However, teachers don’t earn a collective salary. The system has problems. One is that very generous pensions have been in place for a long time, often with problematic rules that allow teachers to pull a salary and get a pension at the same time. Since the pension funds have been routinely underfunded, a lot of state education money is not going to schools. I would not begrudge teachers of a decent retirement, but some people have manipulated the system for huge financial benefits. Personally, I support individual retirement plans, but 

Teachers are never paid enough. Teachers attend college for 4 years, graduate and spend the rest of their career learning. Most teachers choose this career, knowing it is low pay, and not enough rewards. Too often, teachers must buy their own school supplies, provide school resources, and holiday cheer throughout the school year. In order to get more income, teachers must return to college, take more classes, and may qualify for extra money. If districts don’t get bond money from elections, teachers’ salaries are frozen or only .23% raise. Each school year, the insurance and other benefits go u 

That’s a tricky question. Most teachers would say no. Some non-teachers would say they are paid too much. The truth is probably more like “sort of”. In general, teaching tends to pay an almost-living wage, especially if by living wage you mean staying alive as opposed to having a nice life. The other issue is that there can be a wide range in teacher salaries. They can go from being very low for entry-level teachers in certain areas where funding for education isn’t great, to pretty good for experienced teachers in areas with strong funding. After teaching for years, my feeling is that given t 

Everyone is paid as they should be. If you think you deserve much better then try to get a better offer. Move somewhere that pays better. Get more responsibility that moves you up the hierarchy. Change how teaching is done. Record your material and sell it online. If it is truly good people will pay for it and you can be a millionaire in no time. It is like the argument artists are broke. Most of them are. To convince someone to pay for your work is hard. And besides your teaching can be free and you can earn through ads, or Patreon. Artist that are good and marketing well are paid fine. Teache 

How does a salary in Australia compare to one in the United States? For example, let's say you're offered 100,000 Australian dollars. What would be the comparable income in the U.S. considering different tax rates and cost of living?
How can a woman in her fifties with no college education earn more than minimum wage?
Everywhere I go I see "Help Wanted" signs. None of these jobs pay minimum wage anymore and yet they go unfilled. What's happening?
It was late October, 2006. In order to escape insomnia and burnout from school and a bad family environment, I went to live on a farm in Doylestown, PA, US. I worked for the local Kmart store from 9 - 6pm during the retail season (Nov - Jan). The exact ad I saw on their window right near the entrance was “Help Wanted, Good Pay”.  The minimum at that time was $5.15. (Which in my opinion, was way too low compared to the cost of living in 2006). The position paid $9.25 an hour. I worked as an “Utilities and Receivings” associate. The hiring manager (HR) at the time was Mary Ann. You start off clocki 

In the UK there's 76.000 truck driving vacancies— mostly filled by agency workers, many from E. Europe. My stepfather was a trucker- he drove tippers he was good at it too. My Mum was a Midwife. He smoked heavily and drank too much but never missed a days work. We lived in a nice semi detached bungalow- in a posh bit of a shitty city. Had a new car every few years and an old car too. Holidays and a decent lower middle class lifestyle— even though we are common as muck working class people. I drove trucks too. My own as it happens. I took my test 34 yrs ago. And with four days of lessons and the t 

W.O.W. Privileged answerers unite! I worked these not-minimum-wage jobs. I can tell you exactly why they are not fulfilled and why people working them do not make 50k a year. There is no minimum hour for these jobs. I was hired under the condition that I would be consistently available for work no less than 20 to 25 hours every week. However the most I was scheduled was 12 hours. The least I worked for one week was 4.5 hours, just one half day shift before my employer had to pay for a mandetory lunch break. Those unfulfilled hours I can no longer make available to a second employer, because: The  

For one thing, I doubt that they are much above minimum wage. One trick is to pay slightly above minimum wage in order to seem more generous than they really are. However, I used to work in one of those jobs as manager. Let's compare it to my wife's job. Firstly, my job: I was running around like a headless chicken trying to get things done on time because they chronically understaffed us.I was expected to produce consistently high quality which, to do at the speed they insisted, demanded very high skills.I had two types of shift, and early and a late. If I did an early, I'd lose the evening be

As one of those people who have “help wanted” signs on his door perhaps I can answer: The minimum wage in my state is $7.25. My jobs pay $12.50, a good bit above the minimum. I also sell stuff that a lot of people want and give all of my employees a discount that equates to about my cost on whatever they buy. I promise you between 25 and 35 hours a week, sometimes more. (although I do have one employee right now who only wants to work 10 horus per week and that is ok with since the others get a bit more) Now, what is going wrong? first my business is in an affluent area of town so the younger adu

Those jobs aren't paying enough for the skill they require or the manager gets applicants and feels they do not meet the qualifications. People think they are going to find Jeff Bezos or Elon Musk for low pay. They want too quality employees who dont need any training and will work for low pay. $12 an hour isnt minimum wage, its not really a good living way either. Sometimes time is better spent learning a skill or lounging around and relaxing. Other times you may take the job because its something but its only going to be until you get something better, which will probably only take a month or 

Answer is anecdotal. Take it or leave it. I’ve recently been on the job market—with almost twenty years of academia, five years in my current field, and credentials spanning multiple disciplines, I was routinely getting recruiters contacting me for jobs that paid $50k a year and under. I just passed on a job asking for a full stack developer with at least two years of experience spanning a fairly extensive swathe of the Microsoft stack and multiple degrees…. for $45k a year. I passed on another which offered to pay me $65k a year, but demanded that I be able to relocate at least twice a year and  

Wage is what is called a hygiene factor. Meaning it has to be good enough for a person to take a job. In economics there is also a thing, that is called an utility curve, where people compare sets of options to come to a highest possible curve, that gives them an optimal curve, they will not seek suboptimal circumstances. One comparison can be leisure time versus say wage for hours worked. If a job doesn’t have enough motivating factors such as achievement, responsibility, opportunity to do something meaningful, involvement in decision making, sense of importance, then hours worked for salary w 

How do you know they are going unfilled? How would you define that? Let's first assume they are going unfilled. One reason is they don't wish to pay enough to attract AND keep people. No trick to get people, but it takes more to keep them. A Pappa Johns close to me has its hiring sign out now for nearly a year straight. They pay less than minimum wage. That is to say they pay drivers less because they are considered tipped employees. They start at $2.15 an hour. They are also expected to work in the store when not driving. When they come back to the store they are expected to clock out as a dri 

I cant speak for more urban and developed areas, only from my experience in rural Oklahoma. I've lived by Bartlesville, Mcalester, and now Durant, from the Kansas border to the Texas border. My first job in high school was working at a sonic drive in. The may was minimum but we got to keep our tips, it let me pay insurance on my car, put some money back, and still have enough for a little fun afterwards. I was the intended age group for an entry level position. Everyone above me however was there because it was all they could get. There was something holding them back from higher paying jobs an 

If we raise the minimum wage to 15 dollars, how will small businesses react? I'm not saying people don't deserve a living wage, but won't the negatives outweigh the benefits? If we don't raise the minimum wage, then how should we fix the problem?
How can small businesses survive with a minimum wage of $15/hr?
I'm not an economist, so I may be missing any amount of minutiae, but this is what I perceive from even my simple understanding of raising minimum costs and shifting from a burden of choice on the employee (to request a higher salary or find better work) to a burden of cost on the employer (who can't decline this 'raise' to their workers and needs to adjust): The small business:Generally, small businesses aren't well-to-do to begin with and many operate on ephemeral margins (or even at losses) for years. Fortunately, they tend not to hire a lot of staff. Unfortunately, each worker may be criti 

Thanks for asking.  Some of my answer will probably be a re-phrasing of some of the points made by other postings but you are correct in your idea that it is not going to be good for small businesses.  However, a complete answer is a complicated dynamic of the forces that drive an economy and not merely a simple proclamation of, "We need to pay these people more money because what they make won't support a family at the poverty level." When anyone stands on a stump and starts proclaiming that the minimum wage needs to be raised, in this instance, to $15 an hour I would be willing to bet that he 

How come people can't see that raising the middle wage to $15 an hour would crush small businesses? The premises have been laid out enough times in this thread, but to repeat: There is no state in the United States where $7.25 an hour for a 40 hour week will allow an independent adult to pay all their bills.Statistically, most people who make minimum wage receive some sort of government subsidy, e.g. food stamps or rent assistance, even if they work full time.So when you talk about keeping the minimum wage low in order to help small businesses, what you’re really asking for is the government to  

When I was born in 1960, the minimum wage in the United States was $1.00. Today that dollar is the equivalent of $8.84 when adjusted for inflation, which is more than the current minimum wage. I started working at the age of 13 (under the table) in 1973, when the minimum wage was $1.60 ($9.43 in today’s money). By 1990 the minimum wage was $3.80, the equivalent of $7.61 today, which means that the minimum wage actually decreased to less than it was in both 1960 and 1973. Ten years later it appeared to increase to $5.15 ($7.82), but was still below what is was when I was born 40 years earlier. In 2 

Knock off the politics people.  The small businesses which are taking advantage of the lower labor to beat the costs will succumb to those which are paying quality staff already above the minimum wage. People act as if you have to hire minimum wage if you're a small businesses. Now that company is dead, the competition is going to have a higher demand for his services, and can hire on some of those lost. Companies can lean out the top heavy salaries. Everyone in the company making over 400K receives 5% less pay, and you could pay all the entry level and retain the same profits and employ more qu 

The question: How can small businesses survive with a minimum wage of $15/hr? Plenty of small businesses currently pay a minimum wage of $15 per hour. It’s not a death sentence to businesses to pay out up to $31,200 per year to each employee, and plenty do it. Indeed, we know this is the case, because we have case studies like Seattle, where they implemented a $15 minimum wage and small business didn’t die and where take-home pay seems to have gone up. So, how can small businesses survive with a minimum wage of $15 per hour? I dunno, the obvious answer seems to be “by not being incompetently run. 

I’ve been involved in small business for over 40 years, as an employee, as a small business President for a company I didn’t own. And as the owner of my own small businesses. I’ve also been hired as a consultant by other business owners in various aspects of their business. I’ve also known and worked with hundreds of other small business owners and discussed business with them. I have made the hiring decisions for literally thousands of employees. And decided how much they would get paid. Interviewed managed fired when necessary. So to say I’ve got a lot of relative experience on this issue is a 

The other answers here have mentioned how it wouldn’t actually crush small businesses and all, but my answer’s going to focus on the other bit. Namely… is it a bad thing if it does? Now I’m a socialist, and one who leans heavily on the libertarian side of things. I am entirely in favour of small independent businesses and I very much dislike large corporations and monopolies. However the reason I am anti-corporation is not just for the sake of being anti-corporation. I am anti-corporation because corporations, when given too much power, always make the lives of workers and the rest of the popula 

Too many people think small business owners make millions and are screwing the workers. There are people who seem to think that if you can’t pay a living wage you shouldn’t have a business. These same people have never owned a business. Most small business like my wife’s franchise do not make and can not make enough to pay 15 an hour. It would come out of her small income that she makes. Now the employees job. Grading papers. How many people here think paying a 16 - 18 year old in school to grade papers is worth 15 an hour. She been working 70 hours plus since COVID with less customers because 

The small business that is flexible to change will adjust. Either prices of goods and services offered will increase OR employee hours will change. The following are examples of businesses I'm connected with in my area and what they're doing in response to a local increase in the minimum wage: Retail boutique with 4 sales people on the floor: One will be let go, the other 3 will have reduced hours and the owner will work more hours. Prices will increase 15% across the board. The hair salon with 7 employees and 6 contractors will reduce the hours of the employees OR recommend that they become con 

My teacher claims that if restaurant owners raise food prices when the minimum wage increases, they’re doing it because they're greedy, not because of the minimum wage increasing. Is he right or wrong?
There is a reason your teacher is teaching. The average restaurant has a profit margin of about 3–5%. To give you a sense of scale, if you were to gross $1 million per year (less than $2,800 in sales per day), your profit is an underwhelming $30,000-$50,000 per year. Keep this figure in mind. It is very low. It’s why so many restaurants have a hard time staying in business. I mean, if you want to start a restaurant as a business, you’re better off putting the money into government bonds. (If you’re very good at restaurant management, you can make a modest profit—but still on par with mutual fund 

(Sorry for my english, I m’ french man.) I believe that teacher is an ideologist/propagandist, he’s narrowminded (same thing very often).He’s a teacher, he gets payed even if he does bad courses, and says stupid things (yes, I’m avoiding to say he’s stupid, not a presonal issue). I will not react better than those who already did. Thus I will do otherwise. You know Mr. Keating ? Most of the people who reacted simply think in terms of macroeconomy … or simply basic calculations : costs/incomes. Wages versus Prices. And YES, when YOU are running a business, the money you gain is WHAT makes you eat 

There is a problem in Capitalism. Perceived interest of each individual capitalist destroy Capitalist systems if all of them achieve there perceive interest. Each Capitalist want to reduce there labor expenses. Each Capitalist want to get as much of profit as possible. Each Capitalist want to accumulate as much wealth as possible. But what will happened if they achieve that? If each capitalist reduce there workers wages, there workers will have less money to buy what Capitalists produce. Suddenly Capitalist profit drop, as no one buying what they produce, workers simple do not have money. Now, ever 

“My teacher claims that if restaurant owners raise food prices when the minimum wage increases, they’re doing it because they're greedy, not because of the minimum wage increasing. Is he right or wrong?” He is wrong. Economic theory, and the most basic common sense about how people behave, agree. You can assume restaurant owners are greedy. They want to make as good a living out of their restaurant as they can. Wouldn’t you? Restaurant owners already charge as much as their customers are willing to pay. Why would they charge less? If the minimum wage goes up, the restaurant owner will have to pay 

The American restaurant industry is brutal: in addition to it being fairly expensive to operate a restaurant, competition is intense and even today’s success story can be shuttered next year when it’s no longer fashionable. As many as 90% of independent (i.e., non-chain) restaurants fail within 12 months of opening, and of those that survive, 70% shut their doors within 5 years. And even if you’re surviving, you’re generally not getting rich: most restaurants have profit margins of 5% or less, which is to say that there’s not a lot of fat on those bones, and most owners bring home less than $1 

We can debate until the cows come home whether someone is greedy. The real issue, and I suspect what your teacher was getting at, is whether increasing prices is necessary due to an increase in minimum wage. Your teacher seems to believe it is not, which I personally agree with, because higher minimum wage means, among other things, more purchasing power for more people, and thus the restaurant industry should see its fair share of increased sales to offset increased costs. (That is, GDP (gross domestic product, i.e., the “monetary value of all finished goods and services made within a country 

Well, he’s essentially right, but he’s trying to fool you with charged language and a false dichotomy. Restaurant owners will indeed raise prices because they are greedy and because of the minimum wage rising. Business owners are - and should be - greedy. They have a duty to their investors to be. “Greedy” is a term designed to evoke a visceral negative reaction. One that’s rooted in the fairy tales of your childhood. Ebenezer Scrooge comes to mind so automatically you’re not aware that you’re being manipulated. In the adult world of global commerce, we call it “maximizing profit”, not “being gree 

The people who say it’ll double the cost of the food at the restaurant are wrong. The people who say it’ll have no effect on a restaurant’s costs are also wrong but also maybe a little more right. A typical fast food joint pays about 20% in store sales in wages. So let’s just play out a little hypothetical scenario. The average worker is getting 7.50/hr. Suddenly the minimum wage is 15. The joint’s wages were 20x are now 30x. If the joint is to continue with the exact same sales numbers (same number of burgers and same number of sodas) and have the exact same profit then the five dollar burger no 

If people would be willing to pay more for the food, then the restaurant would raise prices whether wages were raised or not. If raising prices causes a loss of customers, then the restaurant would have to weigh the extra income from the price increase against the loss from having fewer customers, but would also have to consider that less food would need to be served. It would come down to which way was more profitable. If the minimum wage increases, and you live somewhere where restaurant staff gets paid so little that the owners would have to increase pay, then what I said above would still h 

Your teacher is an ideologue and either doesn’t know what they arr talking about or is outright lying to you. The reality is that the scenario as stated is far too complex for a simple if a then b analysis. So we assume that the statutory minimum wage is rising from x to y and in response restraunteurs raise their food prices. Why might that be happening? Well it is absolutely true that it is possible that they in aggregate could absorb the hit while remaining profitable enough to continue the business but that is hardly the only possible reason they may be doing it. It could be that not raising  

Why does the minimum wage continue to be so divisive?
Misinformation and propaganda against the minimum wage creates opposition to the minimum wage. The most common arguments against increasing the wage to a living wage have been PROVEN to be false by recent history, and the long history of previous minimum wage increases. Understand that every single benefit to the working class had to be implemented against the wishes of business. Either by government mandate or union negotiation. The 40 hour work week. Overtime pay. Paid sick or vacation days (still not required in the US FTR) the end of child labor, safety for workers etc were all implemented a 

The minimum wage is a political football that is designed to be divisive by the Democrats. It is always a mistake for the government to interfere in setting wages. Such interference increases poverty. Businesses have a required minimum return on investment for their investors. If they make less profit they will not make the required return, investors will take their money elsewhere and the business will fail. Therefore, if the government interferes in their wages they will downsize their workforce. For a particular job at a particular place and time wages are always determined by the intersectio 

It is the appalling economic ignorance of the average American that contributes to the divisiveness of our minimum wage policies in the US. If we were to become more economically literate in the US, we would understand one very basic, and obvious, reality. That reality is that when the Working Class has more money, they spend it. And it is Working Class spending that powers economic expansion, job creation, and increasing standards of living. Yet amazingly, when our “leadership” tells us that cutting taxes for the rich will result in those things, we believe it. We believe it even though after 4 

It’s a combination of ridiculous ignorance, a hatred of people who are successful, and a utopian mythology of socialistic belief that has failed around the entire world. The Bible warns: “For the time will come when people will not put up with sound doctrine. Instead, to suit their own desires, they will gather around them a great number of teachers to say what their itching ears want to hear.” You can read that in the book of 2 Timothy Chapter 4. The bottom line is that people want the minimum wage to ‘get the rich’ and ‘help the poor’, and ignore the economics. They want it to be true. This is why 

The economically illiterate think the minimum wage is a good idea and politicians can get votes from posturing about raising it. Right now there are really nice people with great business ideas that are looking for people to help them make those businesses successful. There are people who would be glad for those jobs and could be getting in on the ground floor and at least building valuable experience. The minimum wage is there to prevent that from happening. Somewhere there is someone working at a job that is both terrible and low paying, with a horrible boss. The minimum wage is there to try a 

Because some people think emotionally and some people think rationally. Some people insist on believing in economic perpetual motion machines and magic money trees. Some people understand math, physics, and reality. And when you explain reason and reality to the emotional thinkers and tell them there is no such thing as an economic perpetual motion machine, they call you names because you’re raining on their pretend parade. In the realm of physics rational thinking finally triumphed over emotional thinkers believing in perpetual motion machines when Thermodynamics finally killed such belief in  

“Why does the minimum wage continue to be so divisive?” It’s proponents get to claim to be all caring and wanting only the best for the less fortunate, thus looking like heroes. Those who know the destructive nature of the minimum wage laws are then demeaned as “selfish”, “uncaring”, and “malicious”. Abusive capitalists who want to exploit others for their own profit. The subject is divisive because that is the only way for those who want it to win. If those who supported minimum wage laws had to argue based on real economic and social effects of those laws, they would have to then admit those law 

Because in most of the US it is legal slavery in plain sight, with a controlling class and an underclass. In select parts of the US you can own a house and live on minimum wage, and in the larger population it is racist by group numbers, usurious, and the endgame of supposed capitalism: the current number of people in our free country below, at, or near poverty level is over 100,000,000 low income and/or jobless, and a small controlling group with most of the wealth. The functional economic and psychological human condition currently is despair, with few ways out or up. Minimum wage is simply  

I am a sole proprietor; I own a business but have no employees. It’s in my best interest to keep the minimum wage low. It makes things cheaper for me to buy. It would be in the best interest of a restaurant owner to keep the minimum wage low. It would be in the best interest of the dishwashers, line cooks, servers, etc. to raise the minimum wage. I have mixed feelings about it. I want my family to live in a decent society. It’s not fair that people should have to work 2 jobs to be able to afford a decent life or support a family. But should someone with little education and no special skills should 

“…Why does the minimum wage continue to be so divisive? “ Because so few people understand the racist origins of the idea. And it is even more entertaining when you discover that the party brought you the KKK is still promoting the idea today but managed to convince you it's a good thing that it still exists. 1.5K views · View upvotes · Answer requested by Gerald Matanda806Walt Nicholes, Retired from commercial workAnswered March 4, 2021 · Author has 7K answers and 2.5M answer views

Why do employers think that low wages are good when if people have a high wage more will afford to buy their goods and services or invest in them, but with low wages fewer people can afford their good and services or invest?
Well, this argument makes only sense if your employees are also your only custommers, and if your employees can only buy your goods and services with the extra money. This is never the case. Someone mentioned Ford. He had to pay far more his employees, because working condition were bad, so nobody would accept to work without higher wages. And it happened that his employees could afford the Ford T, because of the affordable princing. But the intention was that many people could afford his cars, not only his employees. in Macroeconomic Perspective, let’s say at the scale of a country, this argum 

Well, you answer the question within the question itself if you think about it carefully, but let’s break it down. So, a miracle occurs and every employer in the economy decides to double wages. Yay! Then what? Well, like you said, they go out and use that more money to buy goods and services and invest. GDP doubled instantly with just a little change in how much people were being paid! Awesome, right? Well the problem is that increasing the wages didn’t magically cause more goods and services to be produced. We now have twice as much money, but there aren’t any additional restaurants, no additio 

Why do employers think that low wages are good… It’s hard to answer this question. I don’t honestly believe that “employers think this”. Companies are not really humans. They’re these little legal machines designed to create good &amp; services while creating a profit. They don’t really have a notion of “high wages” or “low wages”. They really only care about “profitable wages” vs “unprofitable wages”. Many professional sports organizations pay incredibly high wages, but they’re really focused on their ability to turn those into profits for the organization. They care a lot less about the actual numb 

Employers don’t think a low wage or a high wage is good; what is good is to pay the precise wage an employee deserves. You figure out how much income that worker brings into your operation and then pay him what he is worth. Suppose I’m making a movie and I’m hiring an actor to play the lead role in my movie. If I offer him too little money, I probably won’t succeed in hiring him because he will get a better offer from someone else. If I offer him too much money, I’ll be able to hire him, but I’m wasting money. If I pay all my people more than they’re worth, then my whole operation goes under an 

Yay! Economics! Alright, so let’s pay people more so they buy more stuff! Now everyone has more money, but the price to produce your goods has just increased because you’re paying workers more. The price of the goods you produce is raised to compensate for your pay, and now money is worth less and inflation just increased dramatically. Higher wages does not always equal more money in economics. So ideally, I should pay my workers what they are worth. That can be dependent on the skill required to perform that task and the number of workers available as well as a competitors benefits as compared  

The decision of an employer regarding where to set wages should be based on the relationship between the amounts paid in wages and the amount of business value that is created given those wages rather than whether the wages are “high” or “low.” Employers will not benefit economically in the long term by paying low wages if it means that they cannot attract and retain the talent or provide the products and services that the business needs to remain competitive. On the other hand, if they are economically rational they should be happy to pay high salaries provided that that will lead to business  

Ideally as an employer you want to pay your employees as little as possible while, at the same time, all other employers pay as much as possible so that *their* employees can afford your goods and services. What actually happens however, is a race to the bottom. Everyone pays as little as possible, because they have no choice. That’s competition. If you don’t reduce your costs, your competitor will. The only thing stopping wages falling to a bowl of rice a day is the minimum wage. Or Unions if you live in a country with Unions. Denmark has Unions and no minimum wage.  133.7K views · View upvotes · View shares3.2K9403Tim Rivett, Bachelors Degree International Relations &amp; Politics of the Middle East, Deakin University (2004)Answered 9 months ago · Author has 297 answers and 2.3M answer views

What you’ve stumbled upon there is the single biggest economic reason for strong government regulation of wages and benefits, and the importance of a strong union movement for economic growth. All businesses are fundamentally driven by profit. They may be perfectly ethical businesses or they may skirt as close to breaking the law as they can get away with, but they are all driven by that basic requirement to maximise income and minimise expenditure. Now, even if the majority of people running business are decent, ethical people (something I happen to believe, much to the embarrassment of many ot 

Employers don’t think low wages are good. Employers think high profits are good. Those aren’t the same thing. It is true that employee wages are an expense, and profits = revenue-expenses. However, that does not mean that minimizing wages is the way to maximize profit. For example, how long would a hospital stay in business if it paid its nurses minimum wage? The answer is that it no nurses would apply, and that hospital would go bankrupt. At the other extreme, a hospital that pays its nurses million dollar salaries will also go bankrupt. Thus, every employer faces the difficult task of figuring out  

That’s not how wages are determined. An employer doesn’t decide what wage sounds good for an individual employee. The market determines prices and staying profitable determines how high overall expenses can be. The market also determines how much you have to pay an employee. Most businesses aren’t profitable based on how much their employees buy from them. By your logic, it would be better to double everyone’s salary since they would be able to afford even more from their employer. An employee basically makes as much as someone else would pay them. Competition applies here and it also applies to  

What would happen if there were no minimum wage laws? Could employers pay whatever they wanted to?
What would happen if there were no minimum wage laws? Could employers pay whatever they wanted to? No, they would still have to pay what people are willing to take. An employer might want to advertise $1 an hour, however if no one is interested in working for $1 an hour people will either pass the offer by or ask for more money. The real problem with minimum wage laws, is that they make it difficult to recover from a crash. The best way to highlight the problem is to look at this article Why High Inflation is Good in a RecessionBecause it allows wages to adjust downward more quickly.https://www.motherjones.com/kevin-drum/2012/04/why-high-inflation-good-recession/ The guy who wrote it says the following In a recession, you’d expect average 

No, not in reality. Once you get beyond minimum wage territory, actual reality sinks in. Min wage is simply a floor amount, and today is a mandated value. Once to you get above that, it’s entirely supply/demand based. Remove minimum wage laws, and you’re again in supply/demand territory. Let me contrast ditch diggers (manual labor) to, say, programmers. The supply of ditch diggers is enormous. Literally anyone with a stout back can dig ditches. Even a programmer can dig. That supply is increasing every day we get illegals come across the border, and high school kids wanting to enter the workforc 

Not immediately. For a little while we would have some momentum keeping wages near-stable. People would take it for a typo, or an insult,, and look elsewhere.. After a little while employers would start trying to push it; offering /just slightly/ lower pay. I've had enough conversations on here with people who think they're good bosses to bad employees to know that what WILL happen all at once is that currently employed minimum-wagers will receive an immediate pay cut to better reflect what their boss thinks they're actually worth (spoiler: you're actually just a crappy boss and they're all re 

Using BLS statistics from 2018, 434,000 people earned exactly the minimum wage, and 25 million earned above the minimum wage but less than $10.10 per hour. This suggests that the minimum wage is not a binding constraint in most cases, in other words the 434,000 minimum wage workers would not earn less—or much less—if there were no minimum wage law. If the minimum wage were a binding constraint we’d expect to see lots of workers “piled up” at exactly that wage. https://www.bls.gov/opub/reports/minimum-wage/2018/pdf/home.pdf This suggests that employers would not pay less, or much less, in most cases if the minimum wage were 

No. And I can prove that easily. Does every worker in the country make minimum wage? No. Most workers make more than that. Why? Why do companies pay most workers more than minimum wage when there is no law requiring them to do so? Because of competition. If company A offers more money than company B, then (all else being equal) workers will take jobs with company A and not company B, and company B will have difficulty hiring qualified workers. By “all else being equal”, I mean a worker may take a lower-paying job because they believe it’s better in some other way, from “better benefits” to “bet 

So by your question, you believe that there is no job in America anywhere that pays more than the legislated minimum wage? How much do you make? Is it more than the legislated minimum wage? So, how is it that your own paycheck prove the fallacy of that narrative? If employers would never pay more than they are forced to by law, than how is it that your employer pays you more than what they are legally obligated to pay minimum? Now, maybe you are in a union that provides that coercive force to extort more on your behalf from your employer than the government extorts on your behalf. But that is s 

Yes…That is what the market would demand… But if the employer did not pay enough…no one would work for them…at least for very long… It is true if they were desperate they would accept lower pay…Illegals in the US will do this and drive wages down…It is why many folks from both sides accept illegals as employees…plus it’s illegal for an employer to ask if someone is illegal… But these desperate folks would stay just long enough to acquire marketable skills (assuming they had none and thus were not in demand) and soon would apply for more money at other employers that actually paid better…Then thos 

What would happen if there were no minimum wage laws? Could employers pay whatever they wanted to? Yes and - it already exists Right now we have a massive influx of people who do not have the proper documents required to work in the U S They are allowed in due to the U S having an immigration policy that is not even close to the rest of the developed world’s policy The U S has a catch and release inside the boarders policy - It’s like catching mice trying to get into your house in live traps - and then letting them loose in the house. These people have no way to feed or clothe themselves, and have n 

Original Q: What would happen if there were no minimum wage laws? Could employers pay whatever they wanted to? It happens now since it is a very small percentage of the working population that is restricted to minimum wage - employers need to pay the cost determined by the competitive labour market, balancing their cost of doing business and fiscal bottom line expectations. If an employer offers $16.00/hr and their direct competitor is paying $16.50, the first employer will not be attracting the best staff, or those who don’t care what they get paid from the outset. In our area, minimum wage is $ 

If there was no minimum wage, and no social welfare programs, employers would pay just enough for replaceable employees to survive as long as they were useful to them. “But employers are already paying less than a living wage.” If one considers what working poor looks like in 2021 this is true. If one considers the social safety nets, various programs, and compare the condition of the working poor to the historical position of the working poor it’s debatable. Desperate people who need food and a bed will work for food and a bed in pretty poor conditions. Look at the historical work houses. The p 

Everywhere I go I see "Help Wanted" signs. None of these jobs pay minimum wage anymore and yet they go unfilled. What's happening?
It was late October, 2006. In order to escape insomnia and burnout from school and a bad family environment, I went to live on a farm in Doylestown, PA, US. I worked for the local Kmart store from 9 - 6pm during the retail season (Nov - Jan). The exact ad I saw on their window right near the entrance was “Help Wanted, Good Pay”.  The minimum at that time was $5.15. (Which in my opinion, was way too low compared to the cost of living in 2006). The position paid $9.25 an hour. I worked as an “Utilities and Receivings” associate. The hiring manager (HR) at the time was Mary Ann. You start off clocki 

In the UK there's 76.000 truck driving vacancies— mostly filled by agency workers, many from E. Europe. My stepfather was a trucker- he drove tippers he was good at it too. My Mum was a Midwife. He smoked heavily and drank too much but never missed a days work. We lived in a nice semi detached bungalow- in a posh bit of a shitty city. Had a new car every few years and an old car too. Holidays and a decent lower middle class lifestyle— even though we are common as muck working class people. I drove trucks too. My own as it happens. I took my test 34 yrs ago. And with four days of lessons and the t 

W.O.W. Privileged answerers unite! I worked these not-minimum-wage jobs. I can tell you exactly why they are not fulfilled and why people working them do not make 50k a year. There is no minimum hour for these jobs. I was hired under the condition that I would be consistently available for work no less than 20 to 25 hours every week. However the most I was scheduled was 12 hours. The least I worked for one week was 4.5 hours, just one half day shift before my employer had to pay for a mandetory lunch break. Those unfulfilled hours I can no longer make available to a second employer, because: The  

For one thing, I doubt that they are much above minimum wage. One trick is to pay slightly above minimum wage in order to seem more generous than they really are. However, I used to work in one of those jobs as manager. Let's compare it to my wife's job. Firstly, my job: I was running around like a headless chicken trying to get things done on time because they chronically understaffed us.I was expected to produce consistently high quality which, to do at the speed they insisted, demanded very high skills.I had two types of shift, and early and a late. If I did an early, I'd lose the evening be

As one of those people who have “help wanted” signs on his door perhaps I can answer: The minimum wage in my state is $7.25. My jobs pay $12.50, a good bit above the minimum. I also sell stuff that a lot of people want and give all of my employees a discount that equates to about my cost on whatever they buy. I promise you between 25 and 35 hours a week, sometimes more. (although I do have one employee right now who only wants to work 10 horus per week and that is ok with since the others get a bit more) Now, what is going wrong? first my business is in an affluent area of town so the younger adu

Those jobs aren't paying enough for the skill they require or the manager gets applicants and feels they do not meet the qualifications. People think they are going to find Jeff Bezos or Elon Musk for low pay. They want too quality employees who dont need any training and will work for low pay. $12 an hour isnt minimum wage, its not really a good living way either. Sometimes time is better spent learning a skill or lounging around and relaxing. Other times you may take the job because its something but its only going to be until you get something better, which will probably only take a month or 

Answer is anecdotal. Take it or leave it. I’ve recently been on the job market—with almost twenty years of academia, five years in my current field, and credentials spanning multiple disciplines, I was routinely getting recruiters contacting me for jobs that paid $50k a year and under. I just passed on a job asking for a full stack developer with at least two years of experience spanning a fairly extensive swathe of the Microsoft stack and multiple degrees…. for $45k a year. I passed on another which offered to pay me $65k a year, but demanded that I be able to relocate at least twice a year and  

Wage is what is called a hygiene factor. Meaning it has to be good enough for a person to take a job. In economics there is also a thing, that is called an utility curve, where people compare sets of options to come to a highest possible curve, that gives them an optimal curve, they will not seek suboptimal circumstances. One comparison can be leisure time versus say wage for hours worked. If a job doesn’t have enough motivating factors such as achievement, responsibility, opportunity to do something meaningful, involvement in decision making, sense of importance, then hours worked for salary w 

How do you know they are going unfilled? How would you define that? Let's first assume they are going unfilled. One reason is they don't wish to pay enough to attract AND keep people. No trick to get people, but it takes more to keep them. A Pappa Johns close to me has its hiring sign out now for nearly a year straight. They pay less than minimum wage. That is to say they pay drivers less because they are considered tipped employees. They start at $2.15 an hour. They are also expected to work in the store when not driving. When they come back to the store they are expected to clock out as a dri 

I cant speak for more urban and developed areas, only from my experience in rural Oklahoma. I've lived by Bartlesville, Mcalester, and now Durant, from the Kansas border to the Texas border. My first job in high school was working at a sonic drive in. The may was minimum but we got to keep our tips, it let me pay insurance on my car, put some money back, and still have enough for a little fun afterwards. I was the intended age group for an entry level position. Everyone above me however was there because it was all they could get. There was something holding them back from higher paying jobs an 

Why does the minimum wage continue to be so divisive?
Misinformation and propaganda against the minimum wage creates opposition to the minimum wage. The most common arguments against increasing the wage to a living wage have been PROVEN to be false by recent history, and the long history of previous minimum wage increases. Understand that every single benefit to the working class had to be implemented against the wishes of business. Either by government mandate or union negotiation. The 40 hour work week. Overtime pay. Paid sick or vacation days (still not required in the US FTR) the end of child labor, safety for workers etc were all implemented a 

The minimum wage is a political football that is designed to be divisive by the Democrats. It is always a mistake for the government to interfere in setting wages. Such interference increases poverty. Businesses have a required minimum return on investment for their investors. If they make less profit they will not make the required return, investors will take their money elsewhere and the business will fail. Therefore, if the government interferes in their wages they will downsize their workforce. For a particular job at a particular place and time wages are always determined by the intersectio 

It is the appalling economic ignorance of the average American that contributes to the divisiveness of our minimum wage policies in the US. If we were to become more economically literate in the US, we would understand one very basic, and obvious, reality. That reality is that when the Working Class has more money, they spend it. And it is Working Class spending that powers economic expansion, job creation, and increasing standards of living. Yet amazingly, when our “leadership” tells us that cutting taxes for the rich will result in those things, we believe it. We believe it even though after 4 

It’s a combination of ridiculous ignorance, a hatred of people who are successful, and a utopian mythology of socialistic belief that has failed around the entire world. The Bible warns: “For the time will come when people will not put up with sound doctrine. Instead, to suit their own desires, they will gather around them a great number of teachers to say what their itching ears want to hear.” You can read that in the book of 2 Timothy Chapter 4. The bottom line is that people want the minimum wage to ‘get the rich’ and ‘help the poor’, and ignore the economics. They want it to be true. This is why 

The economically illiterate think the minimum wage is a good idea and politicians can get votes from posturing about raising it. Right now there are really nice people with great business ideas that are looking for people to help them make those businesses successful. There are people who would be glad for those jobs and could be getting in on the ground floor and at least building valuable experience. The minimum wage is there to prevent that from happening. Somewhere there is someone working at a job that is both terrible and low paying, with a horrible boss. The minimum wage is there to try a 

Because some people think emotionally and some people think rationally. Some people insist on believing in economic perpetual motion machines and magic money trees. Some people understand math, physics, and reality. And when you explain reason and reality to the emotional thinkers and tell them there is no such thing as an economic perpetual motion machine, they call you names because you’re raining on their pretend parade. In the realm of physics rational thinking finally triumphed over emotional thinkers believing in perpetual motion machines when Thermodynamics finally killed such belief in  

“Why does the minimum wage continue to be so divisive?” It’s proponents get to claim to be all caring and wanting only the best for the less fortunate, thus looking like heroes. Those who know the destructive nature of the minimum wage laws are then demeaned as “selfish”, “uncaring”, and “malicious”. Abusive capitalists who want to exploit others for their own profit. The subject is divisive because that is the only way for those who want it to win. If those who supported minimum wage laws had to argue based on real economic and social effects of those laws, they would have to then admit those law 

Because in most of the US it is legal slavery in plain sight, with a controlling class and an underclass. In select parts of the US you can own a house and live on minimum wage, and in the larger population it is racist by group numbers, usurious, and the endgame of supposed capitalism: the current number of people in our free country below, at, or near poverty level is over 100,000,000 low income and/or jobless, and a small controlling group with most of the wealth. The functional economic and psychological human condition currently is despair, with few ways out or up. Minimum wage is simply  

I am a sole proprietor; I own a business but have no employees. It’s in my best interest to keep the minimum wage low. It makes things cheaper for me to buy. It would be in the best interest of a restaurant owner to keep the minimum wage low. It would be in the best interest of the dishwashers, line cooks, servers, etc. to raise the minimum wage. I have mixed feelings about it. I want my family to live in a decent society. It’s not fair that people should have to work 2 jobs to be able to afford a decent life or support a family. But should someone with little education and no special skills should 

“…Why does the minimum wage continue to be so divisive? “ Because so few people understand the racist origins of the idea. And it is even more entertaining when you discover that the party brought you the KKK is still promoting the idea today but managed to convince you it's a good thing that it still exists. 1.5K views · View upvotes · Answer requested by Gerald Matanda806Walt Nicholes, Retired from commercial workAnswered March 4, 2021 · Author has 7K answers and 2.5M answer views

Does Paul McCartney still get paid a royalty every time 'Yesterday' gets played?
Do gang stalkers get paid to harass the TI’s?
Have you ever worked at a job that you couldn't believe you actually got paid to do it?
Does the US president get paid for life?
Did each of the Beatles get paid based on how many instruments they played on a song, or did they have a set salary?
How much were medieval knights paid?
How much were medieval knights paid?
Do we have to pay editors that are provided by the publisher?
Does the LDS president get paid?
Will Johnny Depp still get paid even though he was asked to resign from the Fantastic Beasts franchise by Warner Bros.?
I gave some home made jam to a co-worker who had given me fruit. He shared it in the breakroom. My supervisor went to each worker and asked what jam they wanted me to make, and insists I make jam for each person. How can I get out of this?
How can I find out who's stealing my lunch from the office fridge?
Going anon because certain people know who I am IRL and I don’t want them knowing my prank ideas. Not really an office one but when I was in university there was a girl called Gemma* in our flat who would use our food, drink, cooking utensils and cleaning products without telling us or replacing them. I was ok with this as Gemma usually did all the washing up for our flat so I thought ‘fair enough, she can use my crap’. I was the only guy in the flat however and the two other girls I lived with took exception to Gemma using their stuff. Gemma was Chinese so they put signs on all our cupboards  

Long time ago, in a city not far from here, I worked at a company that had a very good sneak thief. Lunches were only part of his repertoire. I'll get back to the food soon. His prowess was legendary and to catch him you had to think like him without being him. Difficult to say the least (to think like a thief but not be one).In his bag of tricks, he had a penchant for toilet paper! Yes, he just couldn't resist stealing toilet paper. First they would disappear from the rest rooms. When the owner caught on, there was only one roll IN said restroom but plenty more available. When he figured tha 

In the Australian mining industry we generally get our lunch meals supplied but have to assemble them ourselves due to the remote nature of the work (a casual 1500kms from home) so when someone with questionable morals is stealing your lunch it is that bit more ludicrous and amount more to “crimes of opportunity”. You also may be aware that all Australians are born holding a meat pie and it is an alternative currency “down under”  These are supplied in the mining mess hall to take for lunch albeit frozen. Upon arrival to work it is standard practice to put your pie in the “pie warmer” with your na 

Instead of asking “how can I find out who is stealing my lunch from the office fridge,” look at your situation from a different angle. I had this problem once NOT with someone stealing my lunch, but stealing my money to go buy a drink from the vending machine and I had to do without all day and I remembered that incident. I actually REPORTED the thief to the management and they KNEW who the culprit was, they even told me who it was, it was someone who was working inside the printing room and NOTHING was done about it. I tell you what, it NEVER happened again, I kept my money with me AT ALL TIM 

People here have suggested a secret additive such as hot pepper, spray paint, food dye, laxative, all not very food-like — possibly getting you in trouble with management or law. I have another one. Spilanthes. It’s more of a legitimate food. Go to a seed catalogue or ebay and order some seeds, grow the plant- it’s an easy one to grow, wait for the flowers- they're funny, pretty looking things- take a couple and crumble them up in your lunch. Not much flavor, and completely harmless- actually supposedly medicinal like a kidney cleanser or something- but they confer a disconcerting sensation of v 

This is my mother’s story (and she wants me to be anonymous in case of any potential issues) In a small doctor clinic, there was a food thief. Bits and pieces of lunches would be stolen from. Maybe a brownie, maybe a sandwich, maybe a snack, it was hard to predict what would be stolen from whose lunch. Over time, more and more would be taken. And the staff had been well-established for awhile with no new hires, making it hard to track down who was the thief. My mom and a few co-workers had enough of it. They decided to spice up their food. Nothing lethal like some other answers. Just sandwiches  

This is a spin-off to Keith Albert's (epic) answer to How can I find out who's stealing my lunch from the office fridge? In which Keith puts Carolina Reaper, the base for military-grade pepper spray, in an office sandwich destined for a five-finger discount. Years ago, I had a roommate who thought I was stealing his food. True confession: I did take an egg of his once. One egg. But I would have bought him two dozen in penance to avoid what happened next. He was pretty off his rocker in general and I was actually starting to wonder if he didn't have deeper mental issues. One day, I saw him baking 

Going Anonymous here half out shame for what I did and half out of concern that if he were too find out who did it to him he would hunt me down and kill me for sure. Don’t ever try this as it can go wrong oh so very wrong. My boss at the time was and probably still is a Grade a asshole who would steal anything and everything that wasn’t nailed down. Come to think about it, he would steal it even if it was nailed down, it would just take him a little longer. Now my coworkers and I where all starting to find parts of are lunch missing, sometime all of it. Come to find out it’s the office manager.  

I had this same problem. I am a nurse in an Emergency Room. My lunch was getting stolen on the regular. I wrote a note and placed it in my bag. “Whoever is stealing my lunch, please stop. I will catch you. This is a warning.” The culprit continued. It wasn’t every day. I noticed a pattern, if I brought PBJ sandwich, nothing happened. If I brought ham and cheese, it was definitely getting eaten. I tried making two, hoping to sacrifice one as an offering with a note, “I made one for you and one for me. Please leave me one.” The thief ate both and put the note in the sandwich bag. I was furious. Swo 

I just had to share this one. I didn’t get to see the shenanigans but I was told by a supervisor that watched the entire thing happen. There was a guy in our building that was a notorious food thief. We will call him “Jim” for simplicity sake. Jim did not care. He would eat any food that was in the fridge regardless of name, comment, or warning that was on the food. It was bad. It happened for a couple years with Jim and despite warnings and letters in his file he would not stop. (We work somewhere hard to get fired from unless you break the law most of the time) One day a co-worker of his snapp 

If you are the boss and one of your employees calls in the morning and says that they "didn't feel good" when they woke up that morning so they're taking a sick day, would you accept that excuse as given or would you probe for a more detailed answer?
Here’s how I handled those calls… plus the second half of this is a horror story of what happens when managers don’t believe employees when they call in sick. As a manager and later as a Department Head – including when I was Director of Human Resources for two different companies - if one of my employees called in sick, I accepted that statement “as is”. I would thank them for letting me know, ask them if there was anything I could do and ask if there was anything I needed to take care of or be aware of on their behalf while they were out. I then said something along the lines of “take care of y 

Writing from a smaller country so don’t want to break anonymity. I worked in a large office. We had plenty of people who took sickies. I have no doubt that they were sickies due to timing and rumours that come back but you can never be sure. A girl who had been a young but conscientious worker had started taking a lot of sick leave. This coincided with a new boyfriend. My fellow manager told me I needed to watch her as she was no longer reliable and was more interested in her boyfriend than work. I had not noticed any change but I was only part time so I took it at face value. One shift she came to 

I worked in the Leisure Sector in the UK and in every one of my jobs was in a Centre operated by the Local Authority. They are not now. In every single one of about 8 jobs, the policy was the same. I would normally ask with what, but they were not obliged to tell me. There was no such thing as Sickness Allowance, but I did know people in other employment who ‘had’ to use their Sickness Allowance for their vacation because they’d run out of Annual Leave. I found that unbelievable. All sickness was paid, dependant on their years of service (Thank God for the NHS). We did have abuse of the system 

While I don’t have employees, I do teach college classes and attendance is an issue. Here are my worst attendance stories: One morning while I was teaching, I looked at one of my students, a young woman from Viet Nam who had English as a Second Language. She looked really ill and I asked her if she was all right. She said she had the Chicken Pox. I asked her if she was contagious. She said the doctor didn’t say she was contagious. I went on teaching and looked back at her after several minutes. Somehow, she looked even worse. I asked again if she was really okay. She said, “The doctor didn’t say 

I used to work in a call center for a cable TV company. As is usual for call center, there was an environment that was based on wringing every last drop of work out of their staff. We weren't people, we were resources to be used and discarded. Here are three anecdotes from my time there. A nice older lady lost her voice on the phones. She wanted to go home and rest her voice but was pressured into staying by the managers. The next day she was a bit better but lost her voice again by the end of the day. And again. And again. She took a couple of days off and went to her doctor. They couldn't fin 

Unfortunately this is extremely common for my employees. I have learned to just accept it instead of trying to enforce a strict attendance policy and then I keep track of these incidents and once a pattern emerges I bring it to their attention and give them one chance to fix it. I never asked questions because employees who are faking it well mention something extremely personal or something that will make you sound like a monster for questioning. Keep very detailed records regardless because I was sued by a former employee who had the absolute worst attendance issues I've ever seen in my life 

I completely agree with Dianne Dawson’s answer, that it is not up to a boss or anyone else to judge whether the person is sick. I’m adding my own comments because sometimes you can’t even tell when looking at or talking to a person that they are truly feeling bad, especially if they don’t have obvious symptoms, like runny nose, watery eyes, etc. When I worked and sometimes had migraines, I hated to call in sick because I didn’t “sound” sick on the phone and was afraid I wouldn’t be believed. Here’s a sad story that shows a person doesn’t always “sound” sick. I had a friend in a writers group of 

I absolutely WOULD NOT question it or seek a more detailed answer. I ran a radio station- several actually at this point. Media people have silly huge egos, so it's actually quite an exercise in management. But my only response to hey Eric I'm taking a sick day has only ever been, awww damn bro sorry to hear you're not feeling well, feel better soon, get some chicken noodle soup dude. Tell (mention wife's name) I said hey. If you need anything, man, you know where to find me bro. That's it. Typical Eric Moore employee calling in sick response. Because really, let's think about it: From a busines 

For the first 15 years or so of my practice, my partnership had a very traditional type of leave policy. It was cumbersome and our in-house bookkeeper devoted a couple of days a month to payroll and leave administration for a small office of about eight employees, and another half-day straightening out mistakes, answering employee questions and fussing with the differences in tax treatment of different kinds of leave. When I went out on my own, I decided to do things differently. Before I hired a new staff person, I did a thorough local wage analysis, and set the pay for the position about 20%  

I used to give the day off - no questions asked. And to be honest, I never bothered if they reported it as a sick leave to HR. No point asking an employee to come in if they are not feeling up to it. I’d just ask them to login and check their mails if they could … and be available for a call or two, just in case (And I would always message them in advance if I wanted them to be on a call later on). I myself used to suffer a bit from what my boss called “Monday-itis” (He definitely was on to me), so I understood when that particular malady afflicted the 30 - 35 odd people who I was responsible fo 

I have an employee who always does everything faster than everyone else on the team and spends most of the day playing video games and not helping his coworkers. Do I fire him?
Nope. You inspire them to challenge your existing protocols, products, or productions. I have a friend who is that co worker. V finishes her head guard jobs in well under a standard work day. Typically she is done by lunch. Or earlier. Somewhere along the path of life someone convinced V that if she was at work she absolutely had to be working 100%. At all times. V would never check Facebook or play a game on her phone. Instead, she took on other people’s work. At one point we had a particularly useless boss. He did very little and didn’t make it past his six months probation. During his tenure, 

No, you don’t fire him. With that said, I have to disagree with the direction some answerers seem to be going. I feel like they aren't accurately capturing the reality of the situation and the subtle nuances of group dynamics. It makes me wonder how many have ever actually been in charge of leading people before. Well, I have successfully managed teams for a long time and from the perspective of a manager, an employee like the one mentioned above is both a blessing and a curse. He’s a blessing because he works quick and efficiently. Everyone wants workers like that. However, he’s a curse because 

This is a tough question to answer, because we really don’t have enough information. There are plenty of good answers so far, and the bad answers, which are also plentiful, seem to be coming primarily from people who can relate to the fast worker whom you’re considering to let go. I used to work in a neighborhood which was near a Subway sandwich shop, and, during our lunch break, a group of us would often head there for sandwiches. There was this one guy who worked there who was amazingly fast at “assembling” sandwiches. He was so fast that — no lie! — he could put together 3 sandwiches in the  

It is difficult to be the one worker with a good work ethic in the company of lazy bums and a culture of laziness. I worked for 4 summers (1989–1992), for Parks &amp; Recreation Department of The City of Edmonton, Alberta. First I was on a “trimming crew” that was a truck full of young guys sent out to use trimmers/weed eaters to trim what mowers could not, driven by an older man “lead hand”, who did nothing but watch us. I quickly became accustomed to being the only one who got out of the truck to work on smaller jobs, especially if the weather was not 100% pleasant. That was bad enough, but then  

I worked in a machine shop and I had the title of General Machinist. There was only one pay scale above me and that was Toolmaker. There was only one Toolmaker position in the shop so I could not go to a higher level. Though I didn’t have the title of Toolmaker, I was a master at making tooling that could perform multiple functions all at the same time which really increased my production. (if I wanted to) Al was the superintendent and a really great guy. Whenever Al would come to me and tell me he had a rush job for me, I would jump right on it and get it done as soon as I possibly could. Then c 

I was hired by an executive at an insurance company, to lead a special project developing a new solution in Lotus Notes. Unfortunately, when I showed up for my first day of work (2 weeks later), the executive had just left on emergency leave to go to another city and care for his mother who had suddenly become seriously ill. They expected him back in 4 weeks. No one else knew anything about the project I was hired to lead, so they asked if I would mind helping their Lotus Notes support team resolve some issues they were having. Preferring being busy than being bored, I agreed. So I meet the sup 

Question Answered: I have an employee who always does everything faster than everyone else on the team and spends most of the day playing video games and not helping his coworkers. Do I fire him? TL:DR No, the problem is not the worker, it is the management and/or the corporate culture. It’s funny, I’ve been on both sides of this issue. I only had three jobs in my life where I worked for somebody else, i.e., I was not a founder or partner. One of these jobs was for a catering company during college where I did a bit of everything. I’ve never forgotten what my boss told me one day when he bumped  

I was like this once. Did everything faster than the entire team. My manager noticed, praised me for my efficiency, then asked me to help out my other team mates with their tasks since I already finished mine. Everyone told me I was great, I was efficient, I was awesome… but it never really went further than praise. My reward for finishing fast was to help out the rest of team with their remaining tasks. I mean, sure I got a raise eventually, but then so did some of my other co-workers, and they put in less effort than I did. About 2 years later I finally started burning out from doing twice the  

My next-to-last job: I was hired to do a necessary bookkeeping job that hadn’t been done at that company for nearly 18 months. I had no experience at it; nevertheless, I DID know how to create a spreadsheet, balance a checkbook, and do accurate arithmetic. Turns out that once I had caught up that job and had it running current, another full-time employee moved on, and I was given her job as well. So then I had what was essentially TWO full time jobs—which I did in 40 hours a week, and about once a month had actual time left over at the end—it was taking me about 38 hours a week to do it. I also 

I have an employee who always does everything faster than everyone else on the team and spends most of the day playing video games and not helping his coworkers. Do I fire him? Yes you do. Firstly it's important to note that after a quick check on the author it is pretty evident this question is in no way genuine. He's asked multiple instances of this question with slight variations. Not to mention he's asked hundreds of questions and only 3 answers. So all of the details we are making up about this imaginary employee are from our own heads. I am very much purposefully going against the grain he 

How do I thank my boss for a pay raise?
I saw my coworker jogging after they had called in sick. Should I tell my boss?
No!! For one thing, you don’t know what kind of “sick” your coworker meant. They might have taken a mental health day due to stress and not gone into detail about it when they called out, which is normal and fine. Maybe they went for a jog because they thought the exercise might help with that. Maybe they really were sick (again, you don’t know in what way), but they’re dedicated to their workout routine and powered through a jog anyway. Maybe they felt terrible at the time they called, but it improved faster than they thought it would, and they had already called out so they used their free tim 

NO. People with the mentality to snitch over petty infractions create hostile work environments. Your boss will probably take less kindly to the snitch than the person who allegedly lied about being sick. Ask yourself what you hope to gain by ratting on your coworker? Do you personally dislike the coworker and are you can get them fired? Personal animosity between people who need to work together is a problem in itself, and if this is your goal then your actions are immature.Are you looking for ways to “beat the competition” and outshine your coworkers for a raise or promotion, by making them loo

Even though this happened in 1992, I really don’t want to have my name attached to this story. I worked for a major snow-belt city in the department of public works. We had lots of work in the summer (construction) season, but in the winter, not so much. But they needed to have a workforce at the ready for when the snow fell. After many years of finding that more and more laid-off workers outright disappeared during the winter, they decided to keep a bunch of us employed, doing make-busy work in different departments until it snowed. There was no snow in the forecast that week, and it was gettin 

It depends wherever you are in the world. I used to work for a multi-national company and here are some “Surprise Leave” scenarios. Last 2009, I’ve had colleagues in the US who filed non-occupational leaves for 3-months but went out for deer hunting. The non-occupational leaves are often filed during deer hunting season. Another example is a colleague calling in sick but sent a medical certificate from Hawaii when his home is in Texas. No one in the company questions our colleagues in the US because of HIPAA. It’s a law that states that the company has limited rights into probing any medical condi 

This is an area that I have really struggled in for the past couple of years, so I’m choosing to share. No matter what is going on around us in our places of employment our only concern, as employees is OURSELVES. Do you feel cheated when a coworker calls in sick and you see them later jogging because ‘it isn’t fair/right’? Of course you do, because like other people you believe that if you call in sick.. you should be sick.. and not just with a minor headache, but sick to the point where coming to work would be embarrassing and/or impossible. Do you gnash your teeth because a coworker calling 

No. Definitely Not. I received a melanoma diagnosis a few years back. I did not feel physically sick but the prognosis was very scary, particularly as I still had a small child at home. I did tell a few work colleagues and the level of ignorance about melanoma was astounding: “Oh, I had a mole removed. It was so ugly!” “Oh you shouldn’t have bothered getting it taken off, there’s a cream for moles now. My dad told me and he’s a surgeon.” My personal “Let’s keep it together “ routine is to take the dog for a long walk. If a colleague had seen me talking my long walk and reported me to my boss, who k 

Many years ago I was a deacon at our local church and a funeral was on the calendar. This meant for us deacons that we had to arrive early and open up the church and do a myriad of things to help facilitate the service and to work with the funeral home in giving the service. It was a lot of physical work and coordination. We had done it before many times but this time our head deacon wasn’t there. The head deacon was to also say a few words at the podium regarding the deceased! Where the heck was he? We tried calling his home several times and left voice messages hoping he would at least call u 

It just depends on our relationship. If it's a backstabbing co-worker who likes snooping in my affairs and giving a bad impression about me in the company or to the boss, I will certainly report him or her if I see them abusing sick leave. Look, there are 3 types of coworkers, the ones who identify with you as employees facing struggles against the boss, the very strict, obedient and morally upright ones (usually friendless) and the scheming, backstabbing ones looking to gain favor with the boss. I know a coworker of mine who loved taking a few days off. Although he was less qualified in terms o 

No, cause it's none of your business. Many women deal with menstruation cramps through jogging, but that doesn't mean they're able to work. Many sick days are not about the person themselves, parents take sick days to take care of their kids who are sick, they're allowed to go for a jog when they can finally spare a moment for themselves when their partner gets home. Not all illness is physical, many times sick days are not because of physical illness but because of mental exhaustion, your coworker might be having a rough time personally so they needed a day to have a mental break. Sick days can i 

No, you should not tell the boss. There are many legitimate reasons why someone would use a sick day, and not all of them preclude jogging. Consider a few scenarios: Your coworker took a sick day to care for a sick family member. This is a perfectly legitimate use of a sick day. And at some point during that day, your coworker had a little time free, and chose to get some fresh air and exercise. All perfectly legitimate, and you would come off looking like an idiot and a snitch.Perhaps your coworker really is sick, possibly with something very troubling, like cancer. And they needed to take the 

“Boss, I can’t come to work today because…” What’s the best excuse you’ve given to get out of work?
Have you ever had a co-worker who smelled terrible? How was it handled?
A year or so after graduating from B school, my employer hired a local kid to deliver mail around the office, maintain the coffee machine, run errands, keep the copier full of paper and toner, and similar not-very-intellectual tasks. Work which was exactly suited to his intellectual level and his skills as a high-school dropout. This guy obviously didn’t have much to do all day, so he often wandered into people’s cubicles, to have a chat. Never a pleasant experience for any of us, because it seemed this kid had never made acquaintance with a bar of soap. It appeared his idea of clothing is to w 

Several years ago I worked in the customer service department of a funeral supply and printing company. We made Mass cards, announcements, and thank you cards for various funeral homes around the country. Customer service was all orders over the phone. We had eight cubicles for clerks, and two supervisors up front. After working there over a year, and with varying amounts of turnover, the desk behind me was filled with a new employee. She was rather quiet, but polite, and weirdly, she never took her coat off. The third day the odor started. Nobody complained that day. The next day it was wors 

I’ll call her Cindy though that was not her real name. Back in the mid 60’s I worked in an office with a bunch of other young girls and Cindy was one of them. Our office was not air-conditioned nor had fans and our summers were hot and humid. Such were the times back then. We just put up with it. Cindy smelt. She had a pungent body odour that could make your eyes water. Most of us were around 16 years old but Cindy was a bit older. She may have been 19. It was enough in years to put her outside our “fresh out of school into our first jobs” group but she was pleasant enough and very attractive. W 

I read and totally acknowledge Debi and Karen’s experiences. Debi, I’m surprised like you were that the woman in the story made it that far. I can only imagine she must have had lice and crawlies coming out of that locker. Yuck! I’ve also experienced my share of these military no-nos as a military leader. Not as bad as Debi’s. When I was a Wholesale Beverage Manager we had one route driver ‘K’, he had a group of retail store accounts he regularly delivered to. ‘K’ had issues, personal hygiene was a serious problem, to the point where his accounts requested a replacement. I don’t know of any othe 

Our Department supervisor had the worst fish smell. It was even worse after she used the bathroom. She was the type who put her hands on your shoulder too. i remember once after she came out of the bathroom she went up to a coworker from behind in her chair, she put both hands on her shoulder and the look on my coworkers face as she was holding her breath. i laughed so hard the supervisor became suspicious as others were snickering and she went to her office confused. While she was In her office many times we could hear farting noises and she would get up and close the door. No one dared to go  

I had an employee once who was a very sweet young lady. She was a little large but not so much that she couldn’t take care of her personal hygiene. She wasn’t terribly motivated though. I began to get complaints from my other employees who had to work near her about the smell and also about her laziness when it came to doing anything but standing at the cash register. It also began to affect the customers who visited our store. They would stand back from the counter while trying to hand her their money. When I saw this, I knew I had to do something about it. Just before her shift one day, I cal 

We had an older lady who had an odd smell to her. When she started she was okay, but then they bought a new house and suddenly the stink started. Not just the smell of must from the new house, but BO. No one wanted to get sued, blamed, in trouble or worse (she was big on getting free money), so no one would say anything. I went to her boss but he denied noticing anything. No one would stand too close to her though. Eventually, being me, I just went to the dollar store and bought some deodorant, shampoo, soap and body powder. I left the package on her desk. When she came in and saw it, she came st 

Oh yes. We had one individual who was originally from a country in Africa who had previously taught at a university before coming to our company. He drove hours each way every day to get to work and was proud of the fact that he only slept 5 hours a night. I wished he had slept for 4.5 and taken the extra half hour to shower. The BO was awful. There was a trail of it where you could sit at work and follow him around without him even being in sight. We had to go travel somewhere for a meeting and took two vans. I wasn’t the ‘cool kid’ and got into one with the other ‘not cool kids’. The other van  

I have been approached by a member of my team complaining about someone else's body odour on 3, perhaps 4 occasions throughout my career. Whilst I can wish that people had the fortitude and tact to address this type of issue directly with the person they had the problem with, the reality is that this is a difficult thing to do, and as a leader of a group of employees I have a responsibility to sort through issues that cause conflict or disharmony. So how have I addressed this when I've been requested to step in? Firstly, I've established that there is a real problem needing to be resolved, and th 

We had a seasoned old man who didn’t take care of his mouth. He also farted, but we just ignored it. As he got on, he needed help getting his tasks completed, our new person would get assigned to him as training. We had very small desks and work areas designed for one person. When a new person would help the seasoned employee they had to get very close. When they worked back to back it was fine. Anywhere facing him was a stink fest. All our new people would transfer out in about two weeks. We could never keep anyone. Management stopped letting new people transfer, so we had one that was always tr 

As a nurse, did any of your co-workers get an accidental dirty needle stick?
I called in sick and a coworker caught me at a restaurant at lunch. I’m afraid that she will tell my boss. What should I do?
What should you do?You are hoping to escape the consequences of your poor decisions. I’m not going to take you there. This is from the perspective of someone who has managed thousands of people in my career and an example of how your boss might see you. Take it or leave it. So, what should you do? You should hope your coworker doesn’t tell your boss she saw you at lunch. This whole thing could blow over or it could become a real problem. I suggest you do not repeat these poor decisions again. The bottom line is that you called in sick from work. You didn’t say you were sick, you just called 

First off, I would say that for a co-worker to call another employee out for being seen at a restaurant would be a real douche move. I know that there are people like this… but I personally would avoid such toxic coworkers. If that person does report you, she faces as much risk in reporting you as you do in being reported. People dislike slackers… but they dislike snitches even more. In the future, be smart— not stupid. Avoid restaurants near work where coworkers are likely to go. Avoid posting about your great shopping trip on social media. Avoid racking up your 10k pedometer steps in your emp 

I know someone to whom this happened. The person asks for a 3 weeks holiday. Verbally immediate boss says ok.The person books flight tickets, the cheapest one and if cancelled, you get zero money back. Later during the actual formal approval process itself, Holiday gets rejected saying it should be 2 weeks rather than 3 weeks. The person reaches boss’ess boss. He repeats the same stuff that more than 2 weeks may not be approved and the person will have to plan things in 2 weeks. The sad person, re plans things for 2 weeks with loss of considerable money. Holiday time of 2 weeks. The person ret 

I could say something flippant like 'sick people have to eat too,' but then . . .. Who's to say better than you how your co-worker might handle the matter. After all, you tell us nothing of your restaurant visit but that you went to one and was caught presumably eating. You tell us nothing of the relationship with the co-worker. Is she one who would just love to get you in trouble because she's an evil or otherwise negative person. Would there be some reward or thrill for her in telling what you're afraid she might tell. My own experience tells me that I have reason to be able to understand yo 

I called in sick and a coworker caught me at a restaurant at lunch. I’m afraid that she will tell my boss. What should I do? This situation raises multiple issues, and it appears both of you have or will act wrongly. First of all, what were you doing at a restaurant after you called in sick? Did you call in sick so you could take a day off and not use a personal or leave day? That alone is wrong, in my opinion. Maybe there is more to your story you haven’t revealed which could excuse you for being in the restaurant. If so, please reveal it. In the meantime, your coworker spotted you at the restaur 

We're you genuinely sick and had a very very good reason for being in a restaurant? If so, then go explain to your boss directly so that there are no misunderstandings. I was really ill with some kind of respiratory virus on the final day of work before Christmas. The day after Christmas we were due to fly to Ireland for holidays and i needed to pick up a prescription. The pharmacy was on lunchbreak and i had to wait 40 mins. I was so ill that i could barely stand there in the cold for 1 more minute. As i shivered outside, a colleague on lunch break walked past, saw me and stopped, asked how i  

So, someone caught you in a lie, and now you’re afraid that your boss will find out that you lied? What you should do: Don’t lie. Period. (I know you know this.)Take whatever consequences occur as a result of lying to your boss. Don’t make up excuses (more lies). If your boss doesn’t hear about your lie or doesn’t care, count yourself fortunate, then review #1. Many bosses don’t care unless the fun-day absence delayed making deadlines.I will say this: I believe that we should be able to take “mental health days” when we are utterly stressed out and need a day or two to improve our psychological 

Calling in sick when not sick, is something almost every one has done atleast once in their career but what you did was sheer stupidity, you are plain lucky it was not your boss you ran into. 😂 Coming to your concern , I can assure you that in 99% of the cases your co worker would leak the information out. Now this could be due to lot of factors Unintentionally: Your co worker didn't realise you had called in and sightseeing you just comes out example “ hey I just went to restaurant and xyz was also having lunch there”Due to suprise : “ are you certain xyz is sick or had called in sick , I just 

I've also had similar happen and what they didnt know or care to find out was I really did have an appt after. When people start running their mouths about something they know nothing about, really is infuriating. This is regarding anything in life. If you overhear part of a story or see someone where you dont think they should be without really knowing them and then go run your mouth, sometimes you really will look stupid in the end or worse. This is why I dont play into gossip and such because you can ruin someone's life that way. It's a dangerous game. It also makes me angry when these thing 

This makes me angry as it's happened to me. I had scheduled sick days for a procedure. Nobody needed to know. Afterwards, I was famished after for not eating solids for over 24hours. My husband, who had to take the day off as i could not drive, took me to lunch. Co-worker saw me. I didn't care. I went back to work the next day and was called in to my bosses office. He said I was seen eating out and why didn't I use a PTO or vacation day if all I wanted was a day or two off with my husband? What???? I asked him to check the online HR system we had and his approval. I showed a note that I got stati 

I have an employee who always does everything faster than everyone else on the team and spends most of the day playing video games and not helping his coworkers. Do I fire him?
Nope. You inspire them to challenge your existing protocols, products, or productions. I have a friend who is that co worker. V finishes her head guard jobs in well under a standard work day. Typically she is done by lunch. Or earlier. Somewhere along the path of life someone convinced V that if she was at work she absolutely had to be working 100%. At all times. V would never check Facebook or play a game on her phone. Instead, she took on other people’s work. At one point we had a particularly useless boss. He did very little and didn’t make it past his six months probation. During his tenure, 

No, you don’t fire him. With that said, I have to disagree with the direction some answerers seem to be going. I feel like they aren't accurately capturing the reality of the situation and the subtle nuances of group dynamics. It makes me wonder how many have ever actually been in charge of leading people before. Well, I have successfully managed teams for a long time and from the perspective of a manager, an employee like the one mentioned above is both a blessing and a curse. He’s a blessing because he works quick and efficiently. Everyone wants workers like that. However, he’s a curse because 

This is a tough question to answer, because we really don’t have enough information. There are plenty of good answers so far, and the bad answers, which are also plentiful, seem to be coming primarily from people who can relate to the fast worker whom you’re considering to let go. I used to work in a neighborhood which was near a Subway sandwich shop, and, during our lunch break, a group of us would often head there for sandwiches. There was this one guy who worked there who was amazingly fast at “assembling” sandwiches. He was so fast that — no lie! — he could put together 3 sandwiches in the  

It is difficult to be the one worker with a good work ethic in the company of lazy bums and a culture of laziness. I worked for 4 summers (1989–1992), for Parks &amp; Recreation Department of The City of Edmonton, Alberta. First I was on a “trimming crew” that was a truck full of young guys sent out to use trimmers/weed eaters to trim what mowers could not, driven by an older man “lead hand”, who did nothing but watch us. I quickly became accustomed to being the only one who got out of the truck to work on smaller jobs, especially if the weather was not 100% pleasant. That was bad enough, but then  

I worked in a machine shop and I had the title of General Machinist. There was only one pay scale above me and that was Toolmaker. There was only one Toolmaker position in the shop so I could not go to a higher level. Though I didn’t have the title of Toolmaker, I was a master at making tooling that could perform multiple functions all at the same time which really increased my production. (if I wanted to) Al was the superintendent and a really great guy. Whenever Al would come to me and tell me he had a rush job for me, I would jump right on it and get it done as soon as I possibly could. Then c 

I was hired by an executive at an insurance company, to lead a special project developing a new solution in Lotus Notes. Unfortunately, when I showed up for my first day of work (2 weeks later), the executive had just left on emergency leave to go to another city and care for his mother who had suddenly become seriously ill. They expected him back in 4 weeks. No one else knew anything about the project I was hired to lead, so they asked if I would mind helping their Lotus Notes support team resolve some issues they were having. Preferring being busy than being bored, I agreed. So I meet the sup 

Question Answered: I have an employee who always does everything faster than everyone else on the team and spends most of the day playing video games and not helping his coworkers. Do I fire him? TL:DR No, the problem is not the worker, it is the management and/or the corporate culture. It’s funny, I’ve been on both sides of this issue. I only had three jobs in my life where I worked for somebody else, i.e., I was not a founder or partner. One of these jobs was for a catering company during college where I did a bit of everything. I’ve never forgotten what my boss told me one day when he bumped  

I was like this once. Did everything faster than the entire team. My manager noticed, praised me for my efficiency, then asked me to help out my other team mates with their tasks since I already finished mine. Everyone told me I was great, I was efficient, I was awesome… but it never really went further than praise. My reward for finishing fast was to help out the rest of team with their remaining tasks. I mean, sure I got a raise eventually, but then so did some of my other co-workers, and they put in less effort than I did. About 2 years later I finally started burning out from doing twice the  

My next-to-last job: I was hired to do a necessary bookkeeping job that hadn’t been done at that company for nearly 18 months. I had no experience at it; nevertheless, I DID know how to create a spreadsheet, balance a checkbook, and do accurate arithmetic. Turns out that once I had caught up that job and had it running current, another full-time employee moved on, and I was given her job as well. So then I had what was essentially TWO full time jobs—which I did in 40 hours a week, and about once a month had actual time left over at the end—it was taking me about 38 hours a week to do it. I also 

I have an employee who always does everything faster than everyone else on the team and spends most of the day playing video games and not helping his coworkers. Do I fire him? Yes you do. Firstly it's important to note that after a quick check on the author it is pretty evident this question is in no way genuine. He's asked multiple instances of this question with slight variations. Not to mention he's asked hundreds of questions and only 3 answers. So all of the details we are making up about this imaginary employee are from our own heads. I am very much purposefully going against the grain he 

My coworker keeps emailing me about work-related things to my personal email, no matter how many times I say something or solely reply from my work account. How do I get her to stop?
Well, if they KEEP doing it, you must be responding. Block them from your personal email. If for some reason you don’t want to do that. STOP replying. When he/she asks why you didn’t reply. Just say I didn’t get any email from you and show them your work a/c. At that point they’ll either get the message and say nothing. Or they’ll tell you they sent it to your personal account. All you need to do is say Why? I’ve told you not to. I want all work emails to my work account as it’s business related there needs to be a paper trail. But if you really do want this to stop, then you need to stop enco 

People respond differently to directives. if you have already politely explained the situation to no apparent improvement, I have found that making an official looking warning reply email works best! you can set an autoresponder to respond to a specific address. (Or you can just copy and paste the following in an email response. Do not use your own name in the body text of this email.) ****** WARNING ******* This is an auto responder, please do not reply to this email; This address is unmonitored. The email below has been quarantined and removed from the server. The system has detected employment-r 

This may have been explained somewhere else, but I have to ask… how did she get your personal email address to start with? I’ve never given coworkers my personal email unless we also socialized as friends outside of work. And even then, I made sure to emphasize that it was my personal account. If your coworker can’t seem to keep it straight, remind her that business discussions are just that: business. And depending on who you work for, it might be a violation for her to discuss work issues by non-business electronic means. I would mark her email address as spam on my personal account and let h 

Set up a rule in your email account to forward her emails to your work email and respond from there. Tell her that you do not want to receive work related emails on your personal email account because there is a good chance the email will be forgotten or lost due to it being in the wrong mailbox. Talk about it with your manager. Mention that this is a security risk and against company policy and you would rather not be forced to report it. You could also tell her that you are blocking all emails from her on your personal account so she needs to email your work account if she expects you to read/re 

Reply to her email AFTER work, and ask her to please forward work related content to your work email so you can work on it during work hours. Also let her know that you do not check (or no longer respond to) your personal email during working hours. Once you routinely fail to respond during work hours, and she has to go to the trouble of forwarding it to your work email anyway, she will hopefully get the hint. If not, simply stop replying at all to the personal email, and tell her you checked your work email but didn’t receive it. Confirm she sent it to your work email, and ask her to resend i 

Block your co-worker’s e-mail address from your personal e-mail account. Your co-worker should end up getting auto-bounce back e-mails from your personal e-mail server as a result of the block. Hopefully, the receipt of such e-mails will eventually trigger your co-worker to send work-related e-mails to your work e-mail account. It is true that your co-worker will not be able to send you non-work-related e-mails to your personal e-mail account while you have the e-mail address blocked, and so your co-worker may begin to send non-work-related e-mails to your work e-mail account, but this an issu 

You should set a rule on your personal email account to put any email from your co-worker’s address directly into your trash folder. Eventually, your co-worker will say ‘did you get my email?’ and you will reply ‘No, I don’t think so.’ You can show your co-worker your WORK email account to show that it has not arrived. When your co-worker says ‘I sent it to your other account’, you reply ‘Oh, did you?’ then open up your other account and show the co-worker that it isn’t there either. Then say ‘try sending it to my work email’, and then demonstrate it has arrived. Repeat and repeat until your co- 

A number of people are answering and using an accusatory tone towards your co-worker. The way the question is phrased, makes it seem like they are doing this on purpose. Let me give you an alternative reason this could be happening. Emails will auto-populate email addresses that have been used numerous times. Many times, i accidentally sent emails to my friend's work email because I would type in Ed and it would auto-populate his work email address. Both started with his first name. Your coworker could accidentally be doing this. This has happened at work and personally to myself and colleagues an 

Take the problem to your IT department. They should be able to fix it. Your personal email Is stuck in her email program’s memory as the preferred address. When she starts to type your name in the “Send to” field it auto-fills in your personal address but DISPLAYS only your name, not the actual email address. Once that happens, it’s hard for the user to change it. And depending on the email program it can be nearly impossible for the user to see the underlying address on an outgoing email. It’s the fault of the program. I’m in IT and have had to do this not only for folks at my company, but for 

Inform them that it is your personal email account and you don’t feel obligated to use personal for business. Also you don’t feel anymore obligation to reply to any business matter on personal email and will immediately stop communicating business on personal email. Then stop communicating from that account. You can even inform them using your business email account to make it official. If the personal emails don’t stop have the boss issue a memo for them to sign that the employer doesn’t approve of this conduct and will be reprimanded if shown proof of continuance. All the best. 38 viewsWill Escobar, Clinical Psychiatric Social WorkerAnswered January 2, 2021

I have an employee who always does everything faster than everyone else on the team and spends most of the day playing video games and not helping his coworkers. Do I fire him?
Nope. You inspire them to challenge your existing protocols, products, or productions. I have a friend who is that co worker. V finishes her head guard jobs in well under a standard work day. Typically she is done by lunch. Or earlier. Somewhere along the path of life someone convinced V that if she was at work she absolutely had to be working 100%. At all times. V would never check Facebook or play a game on her phone. Instead, she took on other people’s work. At one point we had a particularly useless boss. He did very little and didn’t make it past his six months probation. During his tenure, 

No, you don’t fire him. With that said, I have to disagree with the direction some answerers seem to be going. I feel like they aren't accurately capturing the reality of the situation and the subtle nuances of group dynamics. It makes me wonder how many have ever actually been in charge of leading people before. Well, I have successfully managed teams for a long time and from the perspective of a manager, an employee like the one mentioned above is both a blessing and a curse. He’s a blessing because he works quick and efficiently. Everyone wants workers like that. However, he’s a curse because 

This is a tough question to answer, because we really don’t have enough information. There are plenty of good answers so far, and the bad answers, which are also plentiful, seem to be coming primarily from people who can relate to the fast worker whom you’re considering to let go. I used to work in a neighborhood which was near a Subway sandwich shop, and, during our lunch break, a group of us would often head there for sandwiches. There was this one guy who worked there who was amazingly fast at “assembling” sandwiches. He was so fast that — no lie! — he could put together 3 sandwiches in the  

It is difficult to be the one worker with a good work ethic in the company of lazy bums and a culture of laziness. I worked for 4 summers (1989–1992), for Parks &amp; Recreation Department of The City of Edmonton, Alberta. First I was on a “trimming crew” that was a truck full of young guys sent out to use trimmers/weed eaters to trim what mowers could not, driven by an older man “lead hand”, who did nothing but watch us. I quickly became accustomed to being the only one who got out of the truck to work on smaller jobs, especially if the weather was not 100% pleasant. That was bad enough, but then  

I worked in a machine shop and I had the title of General Machinist. There was only one pay scale above me and that was Toolmaker. There was only one Toolmaker position in the shop so I could not go to a higher level. Though I didn’t have the title of Toolmaker, I was a master at making tooling that could perform multiple functions all at the same time which really increased my production. (if I wanted to) Al was the superintendent and a really great guy. Whenever Al would come to me and tell me he had a rush job for me, I would jump right on it and get it done as soon as I possibly could. Then c 

I was hired by an executive at an insurance company, to lead a special project developing a new solution in Lotus Notes. Unfortunately, when I showed up for my first day of work (2 weeks later), the executive had just left on emergency leave to go to another city and care for his mother who had suddenly become seriously ill. They expected him back in 4 weeks. No one else knew anything about the project I was hired to lead, so they asked if I would mind helping their Lotus Notes support team resolve some issues they were having. Preferring being busy than being bored, I agreed. So I meet the sup 

Question Answered: I have an employee who always does everything faster than everyone else on the team and spends most of the day playing video games and not helping his coworkers. Do I fire him? TL:DR No, the problem is not the worker, it is the management and/or the corporate culture. It’s funny, I’ve been on both sides of this issue. I only had three jobs in my life where I worked for somebody else, i.e., I was not a founder or partner. One of these jobs was for a catering company during college where I did a bit of everything. I’ve never forgotten what my boss told me one day when he bumped  

I was like this once. Did everything faster than the entire team. My manager noticed, praised me for my efficiency, then asked me to help out my other team mates with their tasks since I already finished mine. Everyone told me I was great, I was efficient, I was awesome… but it never really went further than praise. My reward for finishing fast was to help out the rest of team with their remaining tasks. I mean, sure I got a raise eventually, but then so did some of my other co-workers, and they put in less effort than I did. About 2 years later I finally started burning out from doing twice the  

My next-to-last job: I was hired to do a necessary bookkeeping job that hadn’t been done at that company for nearly 18 months. I had no experience at it; nevertheless, I DID know how to create a spreadsheet, balance a checkbook, and do accurate arithmetic. Turns out that once I had caught up that job and had it running current, another full-time employee moved on, and I was given her job as well. So then I had what was essentially TWO full time jobs—which I did in 40 hours a week, and about once a month had actual time left over at the end—it was taking me about 38 hours a week to do it. I also 

I have an employee who always does everything faster than everyone else on the team and spends most of the day playing video games and not helping his coworkers. Do I fire him? Yes you do. Firstly it's important to note that after a quick check on the author it is pretty evident this question is in no way genuine. He's asked multiple instances of this question with slight variations. Not to mention he's asked hundreds of questions and only 3 answers. So all of the details we are making up about this imaginary employee are from our own heads. I am very much purposefully going against the grain he 

Does hard work really pay off?
You decide for yourself. The world owes a debt to Israel for how they took on the terror-maniac Saddam Hussain's vision of designing an atom bomb. Iraq was a sworn enemy of Israel and it was just days away from the berserk tearing down of Israel. Israel had only one reason in its favour before trying for the no-win. They ticked all the boxes in the domain of ‘HARD WORK'. For long, Israel had mastered the art of flying aircrafts at a height less than 30m( to avoid radar detection). Israel can't magically appear wherever they want to, they have to fly over enemy nations. They practised speaking the ac

“Nothing in the world can take the place of Persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent. The slogan ‘Press On’ has solved and always will solve the problems of the human race.” – Calvin Cooledge Yes hardwork pays off, Eventually. There will be ups and downs, you may not always succeed. But you shouldn’t let that discourage you. If you dont make any mistakes how else will you learn anythi 

He is Cristiano Ronaldo  He's one of the best players to have ever played the beautiful game. He has won 4 Ballon D'or awards and is expected to win the 5th one this year.  He is often compared to Lionel Messi.  To be fair, Lionel Messi is the most creatively gifted player I've known. He is often called someone from another planet and is beautiful to watch. He has won 5 Ballon D'or awards. He also does things at such an ease which makes you go crazy. And also he's just 5 ft 6″ But Ronaldo is soon catching up. And this is down to his sheer willpower and hunger to be the best player in the world. He was  

There is no way we can reach our goals without a lot of hard work, and what is life without goals? Also, you respect yourself a lot more if you work sincerely. However, that concept that if you work hard enough any dream is possible, the Great American Dream, etc., has been proven to me to be a total myth. Millions of people work themselves into physical and mental exhaustion and get nowhere, maybe not even enough to keep a roof over their heads and feed their children. I have a perfect example of how this myth is false. I used to be friends with a man who immigrated to the US from another count 

Based on personal experience, YES, but not for the trite reasons and platitudes you will tend to hear. In my opinion, I have worked ridiculously hard in my life. For over 15 years I pursued chemistry, culminating in a PhD and a six-figure job. However, the last company I was at collapsed, and the poor employment situation / health risks (my uncle was a lifelong chemist and now suffers from Parkinson’s - I don’t think it’s a coincidence since he is the only chemist and our family has no history of this condition) in the field as a whole motivated me to switch careers to web development. Arguably 

I'd worked harder than anybody else on the sales team at the time and I was still going to get fired. I was making cold-calls when everyone was too terrified to even imagine doing that. (Which meant that, in the minds of a lot of sales people, they were terrible salespeople.) I was emailing potential prospects with great ideas and valuable feedback and just nurturing those relationships when, again, nobody on the sales team was even thinking of doing that. And still, month after month, I was dead-last. It was my job to fucking sell. And so, I remember reaching my penultimate boiling point, a few mon 

“Talent can do wonders” to “Hard work beats talent when talent does not work hard” is the transition of my belief in the past 2 years. I completed my B.Tech Computer Science and Engineering in 2017 from VSSUT Burla, a reputed govt engineering college in Odisha. I got placed in a startup from the very beginning of my final year. I wanted to get into Govt jobs or PSU in the Computer Science field. For that thing, the best way was to prepare for the GATE exam in computer science. You can get into good PSUs via your GATE rank and also the same preparation helps to crack other technical exams of my  

First of all, please let me tell the 2 year long story of my hard-work. June, 2015: My journey for IES started when I graduated from my college "jobless" in 2015. I didn’t have any job in my hands, not even a low paying IT job. But my father working in Railways wanted me to become an Group-A officer, which he himself wanted to become but couldn't because of not so good financial conditions and lack of resources. So he advised me to prepare for UPSC Engineering Services. I agreed and planned to move to Delhi for coaching in MadeEasy. Actually, there was no other option as I had no job in my hands 

No!!! NO1000000000" role="presentation" style="position: relative;">NO1000000000NO1000000000{NO}^{1000000000}  Neverrrrrrrrrrr!!! Hardwork does not pay off if your goal is to have a long and fruitful life. Hardwork might shorten or end your life long before you get to enjoy it. Personal story (anecdotal storytelling time): I got a really good friend of mine, Arsen V, who is also an immigrant who family escaped Armenia as refugees. He and I went to Georgia Tech together to study Industrial Engineering, a complete snooze major but supposedly useful in the real world. Arsen and I had a lot of interesting talks and his father was a jeweler and mom a nurse. Arsen worked hard and probably  

I won't say it will pay off everytime, but what I assure is that it surely would make you stronger,more confident and wiser. This is what I have experienced and learnt from my past. This is a little example from my life which would support my above assertion. This was the time when I was in 2nd year of my college. In NITs we have ALL INDIA INTERNIT CRICKET COMPETITION​ where every NIT in India play. I was the only junior then in our team. I used to get up at 5 am ,carry all the four kits on my back to the ground where I would roll and wipe the pitch. I used to run like hell, do all the exercise 

Should I leave my job, seeing that my fellow co-workers are being promoted? We’ve been here for a year and I feel as I work very hard but they are the ones moving up the ladder.
A year isn’t very long. I would say if you don’t see a future for you moving up after working for 2–3 years then it is time to move on. I’ve worked several jobs and quit around that period. I am so grateful that I did or else I would still be making minimum wage for a company that didn’t care about me. For example, at my last job I was the only one with a degree that was directly related to the field with years of experience and I was offered $14/hr at my last job. That type of money won’t pay off my college tuition. Whatever, I had a job and I was promised when I was hired that I was going to  

I don’t know you or your circumstances, so I can’t advise you on what you should do, but would advise you to think critically about yourself, your company and coworkers. At one job, I really wanted to move up, but there was little room for mobility (a pyramid, 10 (or more) people report to 1 manager, 5 managers report to 1 director, 2 directors report to the president), so I had time to learn my job, learn other skills, learn about the company, clients, and other employees. I went out of my way to learn additional tasks, learn different systems and departments, and after over two years, my boss 

From having been in management I think you may want to look at some Issues. In no way am I saying you don’t have what it takes, I don’t know you. And I can hardly blame you for wanting to move up. My first act in 3 positions was to fire my predecessor so I am not the least bit adverse to someone wanting to move up. So how long have they worked there? The new guy get’s to pay his “Dues” unless he is just so brilliant I can’t help but notice and hands me results that invoke a WOW! factor. BTW if you have to tell me you are brilliant you are not. Do you look content with your place in the company? W 

Let's see what a promotion offers: What we see: A better paycheck,A fancy role title.What we miss to see: Increased ownership,Increased credibility,Increased expectations and competition.Never estimate growth in your career in terms of financial gains. Financial gains are a part of one's growth for sure, but after a while financial gains will stop if your employer feels that you're overpriced for the contributions you are making in your role.  (Try to be a good pup like him: Accepting, adapting, calm, ever learning, fierce and persistent 😊) Always think about 360° growth in your current role. I wou 

Although a year is too short, you should begin to monitor the situation, thinking of yourself as a star through what I call the Astrophysics model of career development. As we look out into space the further we look, the deeper back in time we see and despite having only observed our Sun properly for short time can predict how it will evolve over billions of years because we can see lots of stars and compare them to our own. Lok at the different kinds of people who prosper at your firm, what kind gets promoted, more money, the choice of good jobs etc. Then compare them to yourself as objectively  

One very good reason why maybe you haven’t been promoted is you are seen as more critically important in that particular role and perhaps seen more as the focal lynchpin of the office whilst others may seem to move onwards and upwards but offices need people who can handle multiroles far more than the flyboys and yes it does seem unfair. It doesn’t mean you should not assert yourself and ask for a raise, enhancement of your position as is due for your worth, in modern workplaces the expectation that employees will speak about raises, perks etc more openly in these days means that managers most  

So…I am in NO way saying this is you, but I'll give a piece of advice one of my managers gave me. I found out one day that we were all switching managers and getting new ones. When I found out who mine was, I was filled with dread. Rumor had it that he was the WORST manager to work for and that he NEVER promoted ANYONE or delegated any tasks. Also, I heard that he was EXTREMELY difficult to work with. So, I asked for a meeting with him. I thought long and hard about how I was going to approach the subject with him so as not to piss him off but would help me understand and work with him better. T 

It depends on who you are, your family, and as well what you want in life. If people would step outside of their conditioning, - not that your thinking is a product of conditioning, but in general people are encouraged or conditioned to go for the big bucks, and in general believe that the more money they earn, the happier they will be. For a few, it might be true, but for the thousands breathing bad air, and drinking chlorinated water with fluoride, in food desserts, or other problems in the big city I doubt if they ever asked themselves, what they actually want, and how they can work towards 

My son was newly hired at a place where there were three young people and seven older men. The young people were given a welding task; fix this dump truck bumper. Boy one welded a piece of metal to the bumper. Boy two removed the bumper, ordered a new one, and attached it to the truck. My son sanded the original bumper, applied the metal to the bumper once the rust was removed. All three worked very hard. Boy one was not smart because the bumper will continue to rust. He was fired. Boy two wasted time and company money. He was fired for being wasteful. My son was given training by the seven men a 

I need to counter that with the question: What do your fellow co-workers and their promotions have to do with you?What you have to understand right now is that your feelings on how hard you work has absolutely nothing to do with getting promoted. What matters is that the company believes they can trust you with greater responsibility, trust that you will be worth the extra money they pay you, and trust that you will represent the company in a positive light. Even more so, relationships play a role in this. If you think working hard is enough, you are forgetting that the people who promote you act 

How do hard work and smart work compare?
 Ethan is a hard working Author! Currently he is working on writing the perfect book. He puts in at least 8 hours a day, 6 days a week. In the last 4 weeks he worked hard on making every sentence fit together, editing out grammatical errors and making sure he had no spelling errors anywhere. He has gone through his book at least 30 times. At the same time, half-way across the globe, we have another Author. May is also currently writing a book but she has done things a bit smarter than Ethan. While Ethan is still on his first book, May is already working on her third, even though she only writes 4 hour 

Mario and Luigi create websites for local businesses. Here’s the difference between working hard and working smart: WORKING HARD: Luigi visits the business owner…Offers his wide variety of services.Luigi likes to be the man to go to. He will do anything the customer wants. He is always willing to go the extra mile to keep his clients happy.Luigi negotiates the price of his work to be around $30 per hour.He promises his client he will get everything done in about 100 hours of work and asks for $1,000 downpayment.Luigi goes home and consumes all his time working on the project.He goes to his clien

What Is The Difference Between Hard Work And Smart Work? Smart work may involve solidifying a strategic approach to the work and identifying things that you need to do, while hard work might include just pressing through with a task without really determining in advance how you are going to complete it and do a good job. By asking this question, your interviewer wants to know that you will make the most efficient use of your time. Hard work is more involved with putting in the hours and working throughout the day, while smart work implies being more efficient in your work. Points to Emphasize You  

I was working as an electrician on a film. We had to get several hundred pounds of sandbags up onto the fourth-story roof of this hotel, to bag down a big crane rig. The gaffer told me to go up on the roof and lower a rope, have a guy at the bottom to tie the 40# bags on, and haul them all up that way, overhand, one by one. That’s working hard. When bossman went away, I wheeled the sandbags on their cart into the hotel elevator, and took them up that way. That’s working smart. Another: Dude was trying to dig a hole to fix a sprinkler system, but it was all dry and rocky, really hard to dig. He’s 

I used to overwork myself, doing long days (every day), and hazy mornings.The results? I nearly burnt out, stopped training, and was too busy to have a social life. And I wasn’t even getting the results that I wanted. Here are 5 unconventional principles that radically changed my life: from overworked and disappointed, to designing my own life in the process, and not waiting for some future outcome. Here are the five unconventional principles that will make sure you squeeze the most out of your every day:  #1 – Work out regularly. Physical exercise makes you feel alive. It also builds discipline a 

Hard work Suppose you are training yourself for a sprint, which is scheduled one year later, now you are getting up early at 4 :00 in the morning, and doing exercise, yoga and running for 2 to 3 hours daily. This is Hard work, means instead of doing all these things you could easily sleep in your cozy bed, but you get up and train yourself each single day, that is hard work. So hard work doesn't always means some physical work it just means disciplining yourself daily to move out of your comfort zone to achieve something in future. Now Smart work As an simple example:Suppose you need to carry a 50  

 Meet Bob. Bob was a coder (computer programmer) at a tech company here in the US. At a time when many jobs like Bob's were being Outsourced, Bob figured he could do one better. Bob found someone in China who could do his job. In effect, he Outsourced himself. He continued to arrive at his company every morning and sat at his desk watching cat videos, browsing eBay, and updating his Facebook. Meanwhile his Chinese replacement did his job. Bob earned a six figure salary and was continuously rated the best programmer at his firm. He paid a fraction of his salary to his Chinese replacement. In fact, 

Let’s look at a hypothetical scenario: John and Alice, both are people who have been working in their respective companies for over a month. Both are good, competent and reliable employees and both are striving to make their mark in their respective workplaces. Now, after a few days, the manager comes in during the fag end of the day and informs them that they have to create a PowerPoint Presentation for a crucial meeting that’s to be held later in the next day. It’s imperative that they do it, or they’ll have to suffer the repercussions in the coming month. Now Alice, wanting to impress her boss 

My thought Hard work is film director then smart work is actor. So actor (smart worker) only get all the reputation compared to the film director (Hard worker). But film director (hard worker) knows all the things. Some times film director (hard worker) may be act the film then become the actor (smart work).  Hard work is one when we do certain things without effective planning and no results could have been obtained which was expected and the smart work is when we get the work done through people without any phisical stress just like effective management.    In a cricket match a team needs 1 run 

There was a poor man who lived in a very small home. He was very hard working and tried all means to earn his livelihood. One time, the Mayor of the region was traveling and was lost due to a poor sense of a direction. Mayor was very hungry and tired. He saw this home and knocked. The poor man opened the door and looking at the condition of the Mayor he offered him food and a cot to sleep. Mayor was very happy with a delicious food. He told the man that,” I am very grateful for such a wonderful reception. Please accept my thanks and I am giving you a certain portion of the woods (jungle) for you 

Does hard work really pay off?
You decide for yourself. The world owes a debt to Israel for how they took on the terror-maniac Saddam Hussain's vision of designing an atom bomb. Iraq was a sworn enemy of Israel and it was just days away from the berserk tearing down of Israel. Israel had only one reason in its favour before trying for the no-win. They ticked all the boxes in the domain of ‘HARD WORK'. For long, Israel had mastered the art of flying aircrafts at a height less than 30m( to avoid radar detection). Israel can't magically appear wherever they want to, they have to fly over enemy nations. They practised speaking the ac

“Nothing in the world can take the place of Persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent. The slogan ‘Press On’ has solved and always will solve the problems of the human race.” – Calvin Cooledge Yes hardwork pays off, Eventually. There will be ups and downs, you may not always succeed. But you shouldn’t let that discourage you. If you dont make any mistakes how else will you learn anythi 

He is Cristiano Ronaldo  He's one of the best players to have ever played the beautiful game. He has won 4 Ballon D'or awards and is expected to win the 5th one this year.  He is often compared to Lionel Messi.  To be fair, Lionel Messi is the most creatively gifted player I've known. He is often called someone from another planet and is beautiful to watch. He has won 5 Ballon D'or awards. He also does things at such an ease which makes you go crazy. And also he's just 5 ft 6″ But Ronaldo is soon catching up. And this is down to his sheer willpower and hunger to be the best player in the world. He was  

There is no way we can reach our goals without a lot of hard work, and what is life without goals? Also, you respect yourself a lot more if you work sincerely. However, that concept that if you work hard enough any dream is possible, the Great American Dream, etc., has been proven to me to be a total myth. Millions of people work themselves into physical and mental exhaustion and get nowhere, maybe not even enough to keep a roof over their heads and feed their children. I have a perfect example of how this myth is false. I used to be friends with a man who immigrated to the US from another count 

Based on personal experience, YES, but not for the trite reasons and platitudes you will tend to hear. In my opinion, I have worked ridiculously hard in my life. For over 15 years I pursued chemistry, culminating in a PhD and a six-figure job. However, the last company I was at collapsed, and the poor employment situation / health risks (my uncle was a lifelong chemist and now suffers from Parkinson’s - I don’t think it’s a coincidence since he is the only chemist and our family has no history of this condition) in the field as a whole motivated me to switch careers to web development. Arguably 

I'd worked harder than anybody else on the sales team at the time and I was still going to get fired. I was making cold-calls when everyone was too terrified to even imagine doing that. (Which meant that, in the minds of a lot of sales people, they were terrible salespeople.) I was emailing potential prospects with great ideas and valuable feedback and just nurturing those relationships when, again, nobody on the sales team was even thinking of doing that. And still, month after month, I was dead-last. It was my job to fucking sell. And so, I remember reaching my penultimate boiling point, a few mon 

“Talent can do wonders” to “Hard work beats talent when talent does not work hard” is the transition of my belief in the past 2 years. I completed my B.Tech Computer Science and Engineering in 2017 from VSSUT Burla, a reputed govt engineering college in Odisha. I got placed in a startup from the very beginning of my final year. I wanted to get into Govt jobs or PSU in the Computer Science field. For that thing, the best way was to prepare for the GATE exam in computer science. You can get into good PSUs via your GATE rank and also the same preparation helps to crack other technical exams of my  

First of all, please let me tell the 2 year long story of my hard-work. June, 2015: My journey for IES started when I graduated from my college "jobless" in 2015. I didn’t have any job in my hands, not even a low paying IT job. But my father working in Railways wanted me to become an Group-A officer, which he himself wanted to become but couldn't because of not so good financial conditions and lack of resources. So he advised me to prepare for UPSC Engineering Services. I agreed and planned to move to Delhi for coaching in MadeEasy. Actually, there was no other option as I had no job in my hands 

No!!! NO1000000000" role="presentation" style="position: relative;">NO1000000000NO1000000000{NO}^{1000000000}  Neverrrrrrrrrrr!!! Hardwork does not pay off if your goal is to have a long and fruitful life. Hardwork might shorten or end your life long before you get to enjoy it. Personal story (anecdotal storytelling time): I got a really good friend of mine, Arsen V, who is also an immigrant who family escaped Armenia as refugees. He and I went to Georgia Tech together to study Industrial Engineering, a complete snooze major but supposedly useful in the real world. Arsen and I had a lot of interesting talks and his father was a jeweler and mom a nurse. Arsen worked hard and probably  

I won't say it will pay off everytime, but what I assure is that it surely would make you stronger,more confident and wiser. This is what I have experienced and learnt from my past. This is a little example from my life which would support my above assertion. This was the time when I was in 2nd year of my college. In NITs we have ALL INDIA INTERNIT CRICKET COMPETITION​ where every NIT in India play. I was the only junior then in our team. I used to get up at 5 am ,carry all the four kits on my back to the ground where I would roll and wipe the pitch. I used to run like hell, do all the exercise 

What should you do when your employer wants you to do more work, yet wants to cut your hours?
I lied for the first time to my boss telling him that I will not be able to get to work today because I got hospitalized. Now he asks me for proof of hospitalization. What should I do?
Ohh bad, surely this is a complex situation. Well first and foremost thing is its always bad to lie about things like hospitalization because it may lead to submission of health record/proof of hospitalization. Even a lesser lie like being sick can land somebody in trouble, I remember an incident where one of the employee reported sick for the day and later on got seen by the manager in the nearby mall. Though it neither lead to any disciplinary action nor confrontation but there are possibilities of a bad consequence in these cases and may always surely lead to loss of trust for future. Thoug 

Perhaps you are honest. I tend to have a difficult time believe anyone who says, this is the first time I lied. It seems very plausible that if you lied then, it’s sonething you are willing to do. Why wouldn’t you lie to me. It’s the same feeling I have when someone comes to me all upset and in complete unbelief that his wife is cheating on him. The wife that was his girlfriend while he was married to his first wife. Learn a few things here. Lying can be very problematic. Try not to lie. It makes things easier. If you are going to lie, remember small vague details or specific details that can not 

Oh, you’ve gotten yourself in quite a pickle! This is why you shouldn’t tell unreasonable lies to get off of work. I guess if you don’t want to be found out, have health insurance and are able to, you could go through the motions of going to the ER with something that doesn’t physically show like a migraine headache or stomach pain and then ask for a doctor’s note for the day. It wouldn’t be actual hospitalization, but it would prove that you were at the hospital. However, this would also be wrong to do and tie up medical staff who are needed for more important duties. If you’re female, your ot 

Amateur. Go big or go home. Tell your boss you escaped quarantine for the corinovirus.and you cannot go back, because you never identified yourself and you are certain they would arrest you. However, first kidnap someone from work. And make sure you tell your boss your story while on the phone claiming a relapse while you are flying to China with your kidnap victim. Sneak into an infected area and find a doppleganger to your kidnapped victim who is very sick. Make the swap. Sneak the doppleganger out of quarantine and smuggle them back to the US and take them into the office. Everyone will assume  

What could you possibly have been doing that hospitalization sounded like a passable excuse? In most states in the US, and much of EU at least there are so many protections in place you could literally have just explained it was a personal day or a mental health day or something to that effect. It would come from your vacation leave usually, but still you shouldn’t actually need to lie in the first place. There really isn’t a good out. In your shoes I’d say the best bet may be to fess up with the real truth, take the outcome and hopefully learn from it. One bad folly can be repaired with most m 

This can cause genuine issues for people who have been hospitalized &amp; can't for whatever reason make contact with their boss/work place.. Your making it difficult for genuine cases, where people are suddenly hospitalized out of the blue… I ended up in hospital years ago with appendicitis &amp; was so unwell I left my charger @ home. I had a flat phone &amp; no way of contacting my boss at the time, I got home, my boss was almost having a meltdown, he came to see me when I got home then realise how sick I was.. Here's a tip don’t lie to your boss, it will come back to make your life hell, he/she may just s 

Lying will catch up with you and sometimes in bizarre ways. At an early childhood center I once directed, an infant teacher called in sick. The next day she did not call. In a roundabout way, I learned she told neighbors that she was working from home. So I did not contact her and when she returned three days later, she was terminated for abandoning her job. Being honest with your supervisor and a sincere apology will serve you best. You won’t have to worry that your boss will find out and change his/her opinion of you. You might do some self-reflection about your job. Are you happy working ther 

I feel as though there may be something else going on here. Perhaps you’re on a final warning? I can’t know. To the topic at hand, tell them you aren’t comfortable talking about it. That’s it, nothing more. There’s really no reason to lie when you need to be out of work, a simple “I can’t come in today” is sufficient. You don’t owe anyone an explanation or excuse. You can’t be in, there’s nothing more to be said. That’s the purpose of calling out, telling them you won’t be into work. They might let the silence hang in the air if you simply must fill the dead air, say when you will be able to wor 

Keep in mind when anyone lies eventually they will get caught. It might not be in a week, a month or even a year but they will get caught. No one likes a liar because most liars can’t be trusted and they are up to no good. Now that you have lied to your boss, your testicles are in a vise and the handle on the vise is going to close and you will not have testicles anymore due to the fact they will be splattered all over the floor. Unless you actually were in a hospital there is no way you are going to obtain proof of being in a hospital. I wouldn’t attempt to make up a fake hospital note because  

Your boss doesn’t trust you, which means it’s likely not your first lie. I’m going to go out on a limb and say you’re always taking the path of least resistance, and you give your team the minimum you can get by with. You have neither passion nor pride in what you do for a living. Look at yourself with a stranger’s eyes: do you like that person? If YES, then learn from the answers that teach you how to lie better. If NO, straighten your back, think about the kind of person you want to be, and write down some goals and principles for yourself. This is a bigger opportunity than just to save your j 

How can I work smart?
Hey There! This is a topic that I have spent the last 10 months thinking about. It is a tough one because in our current environment there are so many “productivity apps” out there, but they come at a high (cognitive) cost. As Bill gates said, “The first rule of any technology used in a [life] is that automation applied to an efficient operation will magnify the efficiency. The second is that automation applied to an inefficient operation will magnify the inefficiency.” However, I have crafted a 6 step framework that has helped me run a 6-figure side business while working full-time and maintain 

I’ve written about productivity and peak performance A LOT on Quora. In fact, as of writing this post, I’m the most viewed productivity writer on this entire platform. I don’t say this to brag, but rather to point out that the tactics I’m about to share with you work. If you will apply these simple strategies to your week, you will become far more productive overnight. Sleep 9 Hours a Night: It might sound like overkill, but your performance will improve so much that you will automatically make up the “lost” 3–4 hours you’d have spent working at 50% capacity.Invest in a Fast as Hell Router: Slow i

 Get enough sleep. Sleep deprivation will mess with your focus, mood and decision making.Separate planning from execution. Know exactly what you need to do before you start something. Set specific times for planning.Do your research before jumping into a new project. Learning what you need to know will make you more efficient.Use the Urgent vs. Important Matrix to prioritise your tasks. Eliminate busywork and time-wasters and focus on non-urgent important work.Plan your day the night before. This will save you the time in the morning you need to figure out what to do.Work in your personal peak 

 Every individual has the potential to work smarter but first they must put in the time and effort to know themselves and their productivity frames. There are no cookie cutter answers for how one can work smarter. While there are apps that can help you to maximize time, and adaptable knowledge that one can acquire from reading experts such as Tim Ferris, Stephen Covey; in the end you have to try them out and see what works for you. In my work, I have the opportunity to consult with diverse groups of people on increasing productivity and effectiveness, from young college aged people to seasoned e 

I’m answering this question during the Covid-19 outbreak, therefore I’ll try to answer it from the current perspective. If you are working from home and it’s new for you, getting used to this situation might not be an easy challenge but you have to stay productive. Therefore I would like to share a few useful tips which might be helpful for anyone who thinks that their productivity is being disrupted. Obviously, you already have workstation confined to a specific area in your home but ask yourself if it is really a place where you can work without being interrupted. Ask yourself if this place is  

 Working hard is not the same as working smart. Let me give you an example. Two people walk into a coffee shop. The first takes a seat and opens a word document on their computer. Somebody texts them, so they look down to respond. They hit send, and then look back up. “Okay, where should I start?” they ask themselves. Another text. They look down to reply, and then look back up. “Okay wait, where was I? Oh yeah, so I think I’ll start with…”. Another text. They look down and respond. And so on and so forth. The second person sits down, responds to any lingering texts, and tells anyone they’re having 

The essence of being a smart worker is that the worker will be able to achieve more within the limited time and resources at his disposal. Have a Definite Goal and Narrow Down on Your Focus. With a clear and precise definition of your goal you will focus on what is achievable and possible. The narrower your focus and goals are, the more possibility it is for you to achieve your target. Wider the target more difficult it becomes for it to be achieved. The number of times spent in putting your priorities right can never be a wasted time. Set the priorities and targets right it will help you to be  

Here are my top 10 tips for working smarter, today.  1. Declutter. You might not be aware of this, but your immediate environment determines your level of productivity. If you find yourself surrounded by random piles of paper and sticky notes all over the place, you might need to embrace a digital system. You can download a number of various apps on to your smartphone and finally get rid of all the paper clutter that would take up essential work space. You don’t have to go to the extreme and adopt a digital personal scheduling program that would organize your contacts, calendar and to-do lists i 

Be practical, realistic, humanistic. This works for me. The more I have used it, the less angry, and frustrated I have become. Do all the standard information, and control techniques because they work for surface problems, and are often required for normal work-life functions.. Then supercharge you achievements. Get rid of the anxieties, obstacles hidden in old memories, and twisting your perspective. Chant Nam Myoho Renge Kyo. It affirms the essential relationships of life, and gets underneath the limitations. Then it dissolves them. Many people worked it on for a long time. Even though there were ma 

 Here’s one tip on working smarter: Do your deep work (the work that requires the most concentration) EARLY. How early is that? Many scientists that study the circadian rhythm say that mental alertness for most people is at an all time high around mid-morning, which is around 2-4 hours after we wake up. If, for example, you wake up at 7, your brain’s peak performance time is between 9 and 11 a.m. What kind of work should I focus on during this time? You can block off this peak performance time to allow your analytical brain to concentrate on the most complex tasks: reading, comprehension, critical t 

Why should anyone work more than 40 hours a week?
No In 1930, British economist John Maynard Keynes predicted that technological change and productivity improvements would eventually lead to a 15-hour workweek… … and he was correct. The work that produces value, an actual product or service is a small fraction of the 40-hour workweek. Companies these days do not work incredibly well, there are barriers and systems in place that produce no external value to the customer or the overall market, some companies have entire divisions dedicated to this ‘dark work’. ‘Dark work’ is really just things we do that provide no value, some people just call it b 

This is a very interesting philosophical/economics question that I have been thinking about for a few weeks. Hopefully I can get my thoughts down into a coherent answer. First I thought about this issue from all angles: employee, employers, society. Employee This one is the most difficult to answer. I think that most employees do need structure in order to both get their job done and to grow. There are few people who are self-motivated enough to get it done. Which is why we have bloated management structures in corporations now. When I think of a typical employment contract, the employee is selli 

Even people who work 40 hours weeks spend more than 40 hours a week due to work. We spend about 20 hours a week in preparation to work those 40 hours thus making our actual workweek 60 hours. Let me explain: The average commute to work is roughly 30 mins each way. Roundtrip, that’s an hour each day spent getting to and from work. The only reason you’re sitting in traffic is because of work. So that accounts for 5 hours/week.We all get that hour lunch break everyday which isn’t included in our 40 hour schedule. Your lunch break is technically not part of your salary however it definitely still i

People actually used to work more than 40 hours a week.  It was during the industrial era that the 40 hour workweek was established.  During the industrial era, Henry Ford had started mass producing cars.  In order to help promote sales of his cars, he realized that giving people more free time would give them more reason to own a vehicle, so they could travel for leisure.  So Henry Ford changed all of his employees to a 40 hour workweek and other employers followed suit.  In modern days? People with lower wages or income may need to work 40 hours simply to earn enough money to life and pay for 

As opposed to what? More hours? Or fewer hours? A set number of hours per week is optimal for human beings to produce work. Is it 40 hours? That seems to have worked out fairly well since we changed to that. It is certainly much better than the (seemingly) unlimited numbers that could be demanded by employers in the past. A certain level of production is needed by a given employer. It might be being open to wait on customers, it may be (as my old job) environmental investigations and the resulting clean ups and reports to the client, etc. From that industry, I do know that there is a number at whic 

The reason is that the government freaks out about deflation. If you look at the comments on this answer you will probably have a lot of people going on about how horrible deflation is. By modern standards work schedules and pay in the early industrial period sucked. You worked 16 hours a day and you may have made 1 cent an hour. However, you need to compare that to life before the industrial revolution where you still worked a 16 hour day but you weren’t sure if you could make 1 cent an hour. As technology improved real wages increased- as productivity allows more products to be made with cons 

You mean, going down from more hours per week, you mean? I’ve worked in various schedule frameworks - from full weekends, to night shifts, to 6 days per week, to what should be 40 hours per week, but it’s in fact 45 hours, because they shrewdly installed the so-called mid-day break. It’s a lot, as it is. Depending on the work someone does, attention, energy and efficiency are not all there when someone works for more than 4 hours without a break -and by break I mean a real change of rhytm, not just staying for 5 minutes on the hallway. The work itself gives the degree of them not being there. Sur 

There are a lot of reasons people may choose this.  Some people may genuinely love their jobs and it might not even feel like work to them. It might feel fun. Some people do it because they believe they can get ahead if they do this or accomplish something, and that if they don't do this, they won't meet their career goals. A small minority of those who work long hours may also have Asperger's Syndrome, which is unusually prevalent in Silicon Valley: Since WWII, the valley had attracted a unique breed of worker — scientists and technologists who carried with them a singular passion for research a 

I don’t understand the fascination with a 40hr work week. I never have and I probably never will. I have a career. People rely on me and my decisions. I am a single link in a long, complex chain of many people who rely on one another. The world does not stop turning when I shut my office door at 5:00pm. In fact, some people are just waking up, or are just beginning work. If a colleague from overseas wants to collaborate, I may have a meeting at odd hours of the night. That’s OK. It is 2019, and our work is no longer limited by our local geography. Today, we can easily engage in work which spans nat 

There is no simple answer to this question. Any yes/no answer would be simplistic and reductionist. Some jobs (truck drivers, airline pilots, etc.) have to have their hours limited for safety reasons. More generally, a business will have increased overhead costs if the work-week is reduced and productivity will suffer. See France, with its 35–hour week, for an example of the later. Frankly, 40 hours is a lot better than the 60+ hours common in the 19th century. This decrease has only been possible due to increased productivity (yea, capitalism and the Industrial Revolution). IMO, 40 hours/week is  

I have an employee who is great at his job but lied on his resume. Should I fire him? What should I do?
I had exactly this situation. For obvious reasons, I won't give his last name. I was the QC manager at a medium sized HVAC company in Kentucky. The QC department covered HVAC service techs and installation crews. We were staffed for summer (loaded for bear). Jeff was an outstanding employee and person. He previously worked IED in Afghanistan and after 2 tours, his nerves were shot and he transitioned to our field. Jeff did everything that was asked. Work outside the scope of his experience? No problem. Work 30 hours overtime? Without complaint. Menial tasks? First to volunteer. Easter Sunday em 

 I have worked as a Human Resources Professional in quite a few Multi National Companies in India including in the Foods &amp; Beverage and Engineering Industries over the past 10+ years. One of them was a famous Coffee Chain. They have multiple coffee shops around the country and typically the staff who serves you, who makes coffee for you etc are from a very low income group. Their salaries are just above minimum wage and so, even if someone offers them 300–500 INR more per month, they will most likely switch. The more the number of job changes, people will try to merge a couple of jobs in order t 

I just read through this entire thread and was hit with a backhand of reality…it seems like I should be lying on my resume…and it troubles me. When I left the Army, I was retired for a year. I was good at my job in the Army, doing something that didn’t have certifications when I started in it. I read the books as they came out but I was doing the work practically. Yet when I put all that experience on my resume, I believe it gets washed by the new hiring robots as not having the the 4 or 5 letter acronymed certifications…because we all know that folks with those certs and a year of experience a 

I am someone who has been in the same shoes of your employee( I fibbed on my resume and performed very well) , and I am also someone who has had the same issue with an employee of mine(lied on her resume, but performed well. This is my advice based off what my boss did and what I do). So, you're telling me you have a great employee who performs their job well? Congratulations! tweaking a resume and fibbing to get past the initial software round of getting an interview is a very common thing these days. If this employee is giving no issues I would simply talk with them and let them know I found o 

No, you should not fire him. Let's take this from a completely pragmatic and selfish perspective — that of benefiting the company. Forget the emotional components of why he might have lied, or whether he has kids to support, or your interpersonal relationship with him, etc. Ask yourself why you hire employees in the first place. If, like most employers, you do so to increase productivity of the company, then ask yourself whether he contributed to that goal. If he is merely competent, then you might have a debate on your hands. But you said that he is “great.” By firing him, you not only lose a 

It is a tricky dilemma and not easily answered by saying definitely fire him because if he has turned out to be good at his role, hasn’t given any reason to cause distrust then maybe a quiet chat saying you know and that it was a wrong thing to do but to put it behind oneselves which would add a caution to the employee who thinking they got a pushover for a boss might try other dishonest things. People for all sorts of reasons will tell fibs on their CV’s when normally they are quite honest folk, its all down to that first presentation and the last thing they might want to present is maybe they 

I interviewed someone for a sales position who claimed to have an Ivy League education. She also claimed to have sales experience, and she knew some of the B2B sales lingo. Her dates of employment were verified. A few things were off but we were using this position as a means to take a chance on someone trainable. So we took a chance. Within two months her story crumbled. She may have driven by Cambridge on a vacation but she never took a class. The reliable transportation she drove to the interview was a rental and she wasn't going to buy something newer than the 12 year old car she was drivin 

The resume is made to help you find people great for the opened position. You found a “employee who is great at his job”, so, mission accomplished.What kind of lie was that? Does he have one year less experience than he mentioned in CV? If it is a minor lie, I would ignore it - everyone lies in their resumes a little. Over nearly 15 years as line manager I fired many people because of being unusable, lazy, not able/not willing to learn, being repulsed by teams because of their mentality and attitude, etc. And I never found someone confessing during interview or in CV that they were fired becau

Depends on what he lied about. Generally, I want to say no do not fire him. But some things should require a firing. Lying about military experience, graduating college or a trade school = fire. Lying about some other things could be just out of being desperate to get a job, especially if he is greta at his job and gives you no problems. Ever hear of the good guy finishes last? It sounds cliche but he may have had no connections in the field and was getting no call backs or was not getting hired anywhere desperate for something. Keep a watchful, observant eye to see if there are other inconsis 

The best answer it to do what is in the best interest of the organization. It also depends on the degree of the falsehood: stating 7 years of experience instead of 6, or a complete fabrication altogether. I do not believe that dishonesty or deceit should ever be rewarded. If someone in your organization took the time to validate his resume after hiring him and not before, then there must be an objective for doing so and established protocol. At a minimum, the employee should be asked to explain the discrepancy. If they employee admits to lying on his resume, then at a minimum, this should be reco 

I have an employee who usually reports sick about 2 days per month, but he is a good worker. Should I fire him?
I am willing to bet you are American. In Europe this would be a no brainer. Even if your employee needs to be away from the work environment for two days a month, first, they are entitled to it, second, they shouldn't need to call in sick. The employer would not give a shit about why they take time off. It is the reason why Europeans think the US have third world working conditions. People should have time off and they should not be ashamed of it or feel the need to hide or disguise it. In Europe you can proudly tell your boss “I need to get the day off”, no questions asked. Actually this very 

Interesting question. I had such an employee once and my own boss already knew about it. What he hadn’t ever found was a pattern. He just knew that she’d call in sick and would always use all of her 10 annual sick days and typically one of her three weeks’ vacation for ad hoc single day sick calls. You’d probably be on very shaky grounds to fire this person because they’re taking sick days. That could get very touchy and at best, let HR handle it. They may find some grounds to force them to provide some sort of medical statement covering the incidents (as a form of “handicap” the company will a 

I am almost that employee. My problem is that i am constantly late. I’ve lost jobs, lost credits in school, and wasnt even on time for first dates. I would call in randomly on mondays due to me not wanting to work in house. Immature and childish, i’m aware. This is a problem that i can track all the way back to jr high, when i could control my arrival time. This is an issue i’ve never been able to completely manage. Typically i’m an over achiever in the work place. I have a mind built for engineering, and i crave efficiency. I have a knack for taking initiative, and i often problem solve on a mu 

This is an interesting question yet a very simple one. Your question already answered itself. You said he is a good worker. That’s it. Let’s put it this way, does he finish his work well? On time? If yes, or if better than other workers who never have this issue, then don’t! Be careful of this idea of “spending time at office equals to being good worker”, i have worked for 7 years and met lots of workmates. There are workers who finish their work and try to spend less time at the office because they don’t need to (no overtime or just go home right away after the office hour). And there are also w 

I had a good employee who was sick about 2–3 days a month, always on a Friday or Monday. She always had paid sick days to cover the absence as well as paid vacation time. However, our company had a strict policy that sick time was only allowed for actual sickness of employee or child. I warned her that I had noticed the pattern of “weekend sickness” and reminded her of the sick leave policy. I also stated that if it continued, I would start requiring that she bring in a doctor’s statement. She improved for several months, but then started the pattern again. I reminded her after about two Frida 

I'm an employer, but other country and other situation - Italy, and happy to give work to good professionals under our working law, that actually protects workers a lot. I honestly think 2 days of sick leave a month is a lot, too much, unless there is a documented medical reason. You see, workers here must report sick days or days off for medical reason sending to the employer a specific document released by the doctor, the hospital, the therapist, or the licensed practitioner anyways. All workers are members of the public pension fund, and we employers must pay every month the contribution in  

Maybe, maybe not. 2 days a month, consistently is a lot, on average. I miss 1–2 days a year. This year, I missed one day (the day I spent vomiting) due to a really bad flu (one of my coworkers was out for a week with it, and spent 3 days of that in the hospital) and the other due to a car accident (I was not at fault). Does this employee have some sort of circumstances that cause the missed days, like a health condition or caretaking responsibilities, or even just a prone to illness constitution that causes him to be sick frequently? Is he reporting his impending absence according to policy, wi 

Dare I say… consider your perspective? — Full-time workers in France are guaranteed at least five weeks vacation —guaranteed those long lazy days in the sun, and leisurely lunches in outdoor cafes. On top of the five weeks, there are another dozen public holidays, and a maximum 35-hour work week, with no paid overtime allowed. Ironically, some American companies, rather than being scared off by the lavish vacations and limited work weeks, are investing heavily in France. From Microsoft to Motorola, some 3,000 American companies have crossed the Atlantic, providing more than half a million French  

Should you fire someone who is a good worker? That’s really what your question boils down to. I’m more worried about your management skills than this person’s working skills based on that question alone. You do not state that this person is a poor employee. You do not state that he uses more sick time than he is allotted. You simply seem to be concerned at 2 days per month. First, let’s look at this as what it is: data. If we simplify things, the employee probably works 240 days/year (I’m just using twelve months, 20 working days per month) which means they are taking of 1/10 of the time using si 

Hm, I read the top reply and it completely makes sense in this case (by Philip). But, I wanted to give my two cents from ‘’the other side of the coin.’’ I was the employee who was good, working hard… and yet called in sick sometimes 4 times a month. I knew by CEO was not happy about that. But, he did not say a word at the beginning. No one could find any pattern. I was very young, yet very responsible, eager to learn and always on time with the deadlines. After 6 months I even got promoted… despite being at least a month of that time off. Other employees did not like it, but again- they could not r 

I was lied to by a coworker about the time of a work meeting and I missed the meeting by two hours. My boss is now infuriated and has told me he wants to fire me. What should I tell him in an apology email? And why?
Without throwing your coworker under the bus (I'll address this in a minute) tell him the truth and be humble about it. Something along these lines: I sincerely offer my apologies for my lack of attendance at the previous meeting. I got caught up throughout the week and it slipped my mind to add the meeting to my schedule. I should have checked with you or with management, I stead I asked a fellow employee at what time the meeting was supposed to be. There must have been a miscommunication between them and I, as I was given the impression it was starting at xx:xx. I know that is no excuse for m 

First let me ask this, was the meeting time posted on social media, or the business website, or sent via email? If so, then you really have no excuse; however, that does not mean you should not apologize. IF you can go to your boss, face to face, it is best; however, if that is not possible, write an email or call him or her. (A call is better than an email) IF the meeting was posted for all to see, you can apologize, and take the blame for asking someone else about the time instead of checking yourself. Don’t blame the other person, just mention that you messed up by not checking yourself. Bos 

I would arrange a time to meet with your boss face to face (as many have suggested). I would say something along the lines of this: 'I am very sorry to have missed the meeting on *day*. There was misunderstanding about the time it was to begin. In the future, I will be sure to confirm times in an email or on paper to prevent any miscommunication or lapse of memory.’ With any luck, he will leave it at that. If he pushes, or asked why you believed the meeting to be at the wrong time, simply inform him that a coworker gave you the wrong time (if it was given to you in an email, you could show him, if 

First, do nothing by email. I would go to my boss - ideally in person or by phone at minimum - and apologize for missing the meeting. Tell him/her that you had the time of the meeting wrong and that you will figure out how that happened and ensure it never happens again. Take responsibility. My next call would be to my co-worker. If you are going to accuse someone of lying to you purposefully and with ill intent you better be pretty goddamned sure. If there is any implication that it was a mistake or they fob it off somehow and your gut tells you that that your instinct - that they are trying to 

For starters it was your responsibility to find out what time your work meeting started and to get there on time. Don't blame your coworker for something that you should have done yourself. If I were told that kind of information by another employee I would definitely take a moment to double check so I am sure that I'm where I'm supposed to be when I'm supposed to be there! When you speak to your supervisor do it directly, not in an email and don't try to blame someone else for your mistake. He's already extremely upset and hearing an excuse like that will not help your case one bit! Take respo 

Try this: “I apologize for missing the (day) meeting. I am terribly sorry and would never have done so intentionally. My understanding was that the meeting began at xx, versus xx. What’s particularly troubling is that I asked a coworker the start time of the meeting, and was told xx. That was wrong, I should have confirmed it with you and didn’t - I relied on what I was told. I can’t say whether I was misinformed intentionally, but I strongly suspect that this is the case.” “I can assure you that I would never knowingly miss a scheduled meeting, and that moving forward I will contact you direct 

Frist of all, why would anyone want to fire an employee for missing one meeting? If it was so important, ping them on chat or go and get them to make sure they attend. I would apologise in person and start looking for a new job. Although, I ended my career in one company by not attending the meeting which was scheduled after hours and I had a previously planned outing to a theatre on that evening. The meeting was rescheduled at the very last moment, it was a quarterly department meeting with some announcements and some presentations, nothing urgent or important and it seems like my boss put a l 

First thing first. If the meet was so important your boss not your coworker should’ve directly informed you of the meeting. If your boss boss is the type who didn’t directly inform you of the meeting yet wants to fire you because you missed it, I would look for another job. Don’t quit. That would make your boss job easier and you won’t have any income come in the meantime. So quietly look for other jobs. Don’t burn bridges be a model employee but actively look for new job. Apologize sincerely, explain that sincerely sorry you missed the meeting. Then ask for critical point of meeting. Let your  

Wow that’s a terrible position to be in. I wouldn’t email your boss, I would approach them face to face if possible, or via phone if they are remote. I would not tell your boss that someone lied to you, because ultimately it is your responsibility to get to meetings on time. I would start by saying that you are very sorry that you missed the meeting. You aren’t offering excuses, but you got the time wrong by mistake. Assure them that this will never happen again and outline the steps you are taking to ensure that. If they press and ask how you could have gotten the time wrong, simply state tha 

First I will try to reformulate your question. I was lied to _blabla_ and I missed the meeting. You *just* *missed* the meeting. So your first task would be to fix what you missed. It will be useless to tell whose fault it is, first thing to do is to cope with the consequences (I honestly don’t think a boss in their right mind would fire you for such matter). If, despite your effort, you cannot save the situation (I have a hard time imagining that simply missing a meeting would get you fired on the spot but since you asked…), then: I would suggest you to talk to your boss directly and honestly abou 

My boss just loudly reprimanded me in front of my coworkers. How do I finish my day?
As best as you can. It can be challenging to stay positive after you’ve been publicly reprimanded, but that’s the professional thing to do whatever line of work you’re in, whatever your relationship with your boss, and whether it was justified or not. That said, I disagree with some of the other comments about a public reprimand never being justified. Most of the time, employee’s should be counseled privately, but not always. People are complicated, and there are some situations when a public rebuke could prove beneficial, if not to the individual, then to the rest of the team. One example: if  

I have been in both your position and your boss’. First, honestly ask yourself if the substance of your boss’ criticism was in anyway valid. Keep this in mind and I will address this later. Surely, his or her delivery was not. Being taken to task in front of your coworkers only seeds distrust within the organization. I have been called out by the head of my organization. This was not in front of others; but it was totally uncalled for and I was not guilty of what she accused me of. I made a rookie mistake of finishing a project and letting her know at 4:30 on a Friday afternoon. I immediately re 

Wow! What a gold mine of responses this question elicited! The short answer is that you finish your day with dignity, and with your mouth shut. Sleep on your response and read all this stuff again. I myself would never turn to HR … there’s a reason they don’t call it Personnel any more, and that’s because in so many cases they really do regard the human component of the organization as just another resource, like so many cans of soup on a shelf. Granted, they believe they’re so much more and so much better, but it rarely shows beyond their walls. I’m going to chip in a couple of stories about o 

This is easy. I'm going to give it to you short and sweet. I've been there, done that, and also managed to see 3 managers be “transferred”. Was it validWhat relationship do you have with the bossWe're you discriminated against that applies to federal law which are race, gender, age, Creed, nationality, religion. Did they say in public, email, photograph, something that violates any of these laws that you can prove? If no, move to #4.If no federal law, or other laws, were broken, then there isn't a law against being an a-hole boss. They are within their rights regardless of the disruption to the

For you to do: You finish the day as if nothing happened. No matter the reprimand, show you are the better person and go on as if nothing happened. If you did make a mistake, be the better person and learn from that mistake and go on with your life. If one of your coworkers brings it up, just say oh, I made a mistake and learned from it, but ignore anything about the boss. That will make you the better person. Getting to your boss: Reprimanding a person in from of coworkers is out of line. No matter if the reprimand was justified or not, you don’t do that. The only time I saw such an act that was  

As Oprah would say, “You teach people how to treat you”, so I will respectfully disagree with advice provided here that you should assume your boss is having a bad day or that there’s nothing you can do. Bad behavior begets bad behavior, and there are few things a person can do wrong where a public reprimand will be the right response. At the same time, an immediate reaction is likely the wrong one, finish out the day and sleep on what you want to do. Frankly, your boss is being paid to manage a team in a way that properly represents the company just as you’re being paid to do your job. I’d sug 

I’d take a moment to let any emotions pass and then as soon as possible, I’d ask to speak with my boss privately and let them know that I’m not comfortable with that type of behavior or communication in the workplace. It’s never appropriate for a manager to loudly (or even quietly) reprimand an employee in front of colleagues. It’s unnecessary and it’s bad for culture; usually coming from someone who’s seeking to make some sort of power move, lacks self-awareness, or who thinks that their being a manager dismisses them from the expectation of respectful communication at work (which it does not) 

This happened to me once when I was quite young. My boss had left and the replacement had been hired as he was an ex accountant for a well known newspaper, we were a small manufacturing company in the middle of nowhere, my previous boss was a little odd but was a very clever man and a very good boss. I can't remember what prompted the outburst but the new guy went full medieval on me, swearing, shouting and threatening. This was in a room of 6 people, all but me were women. After he finished his tirade he strolled off into his office and slammed his door shut, there was stunned silence and then 

I had a manager do that to me once - well over 20 years ago. That was the last time I was going to put up with that. It’s fine if your employer/manager isn't happy with something or has constructive criticism. But it’s easy enough to pull someone aside and discuss the matter with them in private just as much as it is to do it in front of others. It all comes down to respect. You treat people how you’d want to be treated. And you teach people how to treat you as well. Personally, I wouldn’t tolerate your boss’s behavior. It isn't necessary and it makes everyone uncomfortable. It creates a work env 

Boy, I love Quora because of all the writing “prompts” and memories it evokes. I have been reprimanded publicly several times during my working life. Once, while working out of my home, a new document was proposed to list some specific test results (it was a report of EEG results). One of the doctors in the office said that they would provide an official form to be filled in, and so I waited for the form to arrive. About a week went by, but no form arrived, yet a couple of EEGs had come in (with no separate report). I got a phone call from one of the doctors absolutely burning me on the coals! “

What percentage of hard working top students in HS end up burning out after college?
I have an employee who usually reports sick about 2 days per month, but he is a good worker. Should I fire him?
I am willing to bet you are American. In Europe this would be a no brainer. Even if your employee needs to be away from the work environment for two days a month, first, they are entitled to it, second, they shouldn't need to call in sick. The employer would not give a shit about why they take time off. It is the reason why Europeans think the US have third world working conditions. People should have time off and they should not be ashamed of it or feel the need to hide or disguise it. In Europe you can proudly tell your boss “I need to get the day off”, no questions asked. Actually this very 

Interesting question. I had such an employee once and my own boss already knew about it. What he hadn’t ever found was a pattern. He just knew that she’d call in sick and would always use all of her 10 annual sick days and typically one of her three weeks’ vacation for ad hoc single day sick calls. You’d probably be on very shaky grounds to fire this person because they’re taking sick days. That could get very touchy and at best, let HR handle it. They may find some grounds to force them to provide some sort of medical statement covering the incidents (as a form of “handicap” the company will a 

I am almost that employee. My problem is that i am constantly late. I’ve lost jobs, lost credits in school, and wasnt even on time for first dates. I would call in randomly on mondays due to me not wanting to work in house. Immature and childish, i’m aware. This is a problem that i can track all the way back to jr high, when i could control my arrival time. This is an issue i’ve never been able to completely manage. Typically i’m an over achiever in the work place. I have a mind built for engineering, and i crave efficiency. I have a knack for taking initiative, and i often problem solve on a mu 

This is an interesting question yet a very simple one. Your question already answered itself. You said he is a good worker. That’s it. Let’s put it this way, does he finish his work well? On time? If yes, or if better than other workers who never have this issue, then don’t! Be careful of this idea of “spending time at office equals to being good worker”, i have worked for 7 years and met lots of workmates. There are workers who finish their work and try to spend less time at the office because they don’t need to (no overtime or just go home right away after the office hour). And there are also w 

I had a good employee who was sick about 2–3 days a month, always on a Friday or Monday. She always had paid sick days to cover the absence as well as paid vacation time. However, our company had a strict policy that sick time was only allowed for actual sickness of employee or child. I warned her that I had noticed the pattern of “weekend sickness” and reminded her of the sick leave policy. I also stated that if it continued, I would start requiring that she bring in a doctor’s statement. She improved for several months, but then started the pattern again. I reminded her after about two Frida 

I'm an employer, but other country and other situation - Italy, and happy to give work to good professionals under our working law, that actually protects workers a lot. I honestly think 2 days of sick leave a month is a lot, too much, unless there is a documented medical reason. You see, workers here must report sick days or days off for medical reason sending to the employer a specific document released by the doctor, the hospital, the therapist, or the licensed practitioner anyways. All workers are members of the public pension fund, and we employers must pay every month the contribution in  

Maybe, maybe not. 2 days a month, consistently is a lot, on average. I miss 1–2 days a year. This year, I missed one day (the day I spent vomiting) due to a really bad flu (one of my coworkers was out for a week with it, and spent 3 days of that in the hospital) and the other due to a car accident (I was not at fault). Does this employee have some sort of circumstances that cause the missed days, like a health condition or caretaking responsibilities, or even just a prone to illness constitution that causes him to be sick frequently? Is he reporting his impending absence according to policy, wi 

Dare I say… consider your perspective? — Full-time workers in France are guaranteed at least five weeks vacation —guaranteed those long lazy days in the sun, and leisurely lunches in outdoor cafes. On top of the five weeks, there are another dozen public holidays, and a maximum 35-hour work week, with no paid overtime allowed. Ironically, some American companies, rather than being scared off by the lavish vacations and limited work weeks, are investing heavily in France. From Microsoft to Motorola, some 3,000 American companies have crossed the Atlantic, providing more than half a million French  

Should you fire someone who is a good worker? That’s really what your question boils down to. I’m more worried about your management skills than this person’s working skills based on that question alone. You do not state that this person is a poor employee. You do not state that he uses more sick time than he is allotted. You simply seem to be concerned at 2 days per month. First, let’s look at this as what it is: data. If we simplify things, the employee probably works 240 days/year (I’m just using twelve months, 20 working days per month) which means they are taking of 1/10 of the time using si 

Hm, I read the top reply and it completely makes sense in this case (by Philip). But, I wanted to give my two cents from ‘’the other side of the coin.’’ I was the employee who was good, working hard… and yet called in sick sometimes 4 times a month. I knew by CEO was not happy about that. But, he did not say a word at the beginning. No one could find any pattern. I was very young, yet very responsible, eager to learn and always on time with the deadlines. After 6 months I even got promoted… despite being at least a month of that time off. Other employees did not like it, but again- they could not r 

I have an employee who always does everything faster than everyone else on the team and spends most of the day playing video games and not helping his coworkers. Do I fire him?
Nope. You inspire them to challenge your existing protocols, products, or productions. I have a friend who is that co worker. V finishes her head guard jobs in well under a standard work day. Typically she is done by lunch. Or earlier. Somewhere along the path of life someone convinced V that if she was at work she absolutely had to be working 100%. At all times. V would never check Facebook or play a game on her phone. Instead, she took on other people’s work. At one point we had a particularly useless boss. He did very little and didn’t make it past his six months probation. During his tenure, 

No, you don’t fire him. With that said, I have to disagree with the direction some answerers seem to be going. I feel like they aren't accurately capturing the reality of the situation and the subtle nuances of group dynamics. It makes me wonder how many have ever actually been in charge of leading people before. Well, I have successfully managed teams for a long time and from the perspective of a manager, an employee like the one mentioned above is both a blessing and a curse. He’s a blessing because he works quick and efficiently. Everyone wants workers like that. However, he’s a curse because 

This is a tough question to answer, because we really don’t have enough information. There are plenty of good answers so far, and the bad answers, which are also plentiful, seem to be coming primarily from people who can relate to the fast worker whom you’re considering to let go. I used to work in a neighborhood which was near a Subway sandwich shop, and, during our lunch break, a group of us would often head there for sandwiches. There was this one guy who worked there who was amazingly fast at “assembling” sandwiches. He was so fast that — no lie! — he could put together 3 sandwiches in the  

It is difficult to be the one worker with a good work ethic in the company of lazy bums and a culture of laziness. I worked for 4 summers (1989–1992), for Parks &amp; Recreation Department of The City of Edmonton, Alberta. First I was on a “trimming crew” that was a truck full of young guys sent out to use trimmers/weed eaters to trim what mowers could not, driven by an older man “lead hand”, who did nothing but watch us. I quickly became accustomed to being the only one who got out of the truck to work on smaller jobs, especially if the weather was not 100% pleasant. That was bad enough, but then  

I worked in a machine shop and I had the title of General Machinist. There was only one pay scale above me and that was Toolmaker. There was only one Toolmaker position in the shop so I could not go to a higher level. Though I didn’t have the title of Toolmaker, I was a master at making tooling that could perform multiple functions all at the same time which really increased my production. (if I wanted to) Al was the superintendent and a really great guy. Whenever Al would come to me and tell me he had a rush job for me, I would jump right on it and get it done as soon as I possibly could. Then c 

I was hired by an executive at an insurance company, to lead a special project developing a new solution in Lotus Notes. Unfortunately, when I showed up for my first day of work (2 weeks later), the executive had just left on emergency leave to go to another city and care for his mother who had suddenly become seriously ill. They expected him back in 4 weeks. No one else knew anything about the project I was hired to lead, so they asked if I would mind helping their Lotus Notes support team resolve some issues they were having. Preferring being busy than being bored, I agreed. So I meet the sup 

Question Answered: I have an employee who always does everything faster than everyone else on the team and spends most of the day playing video games and not helping his coworkers. Do I fire him? TL:DR No, the problem is not the worker, it is the management and/or the corporate culture. It’s funny, I’ve been on both sides of this issue. I only had three jobs in my life where I worked for somebody else, i.e., I was not a founder or partner. One of these jobs was for a catering company during college where I did a bit of everything. I’ve never forgotten what my boss told me one day when he bumped  

I was like this once. Did everything faster than the entire team. My manager noticed, praised me for my efficiency, then asked me to help out my other team mates with their tasks since I already finished mine. Everyone told me I was great, I was efficient, I was awesome… but it never really went further than praise. My reward for finishing fast was to help out the rest of team with their remaining tasks. I mean, sure I got a raise eventually, but then so did some of my other co-workers, and they put in less effort than I did. About 2 years later I finally started burning out from doing twice the  

My next-to-last job: I was hired to do a necessary bookkeeping job that hadn’t been done at that company for nearly 18 months. I had no experience at it; nevertheless, I DID know how to create a spreadsheet, balance a checkbook, and do accurate arithmetic. Turns out that once I had caught up that job and had it running current, another full-time employee moved on, and I was given her job as well. So then I had what was essentially TWO full time jobs—which I did in 40 hours a week, and about once a month had actual time left over at the end—it was taking me about 38 hours a week to do it. I also 

I have an employee who always does everything faster than everyone else on the team and spends most of the day playing video games and not helping his coworkers. Do I fire him? Yes you do. Firstly it's important to note that after a quick check on the author it is pretty evident this question is in no way genuine. He's asked multiple instances of this question with slight variations. Not to mention he's asked hundreds of questions and only 3 answers. So all of the details we are making up about this imaginary employee are from our own heads. I am very much purposefully going against the grain he 

I keep telling my manager that I have too many clients and too much work, but they don't seem to care. What should I do?
If your complaints about “having too many clients and too much work” are falling on deaf ears, here’s how I handled having too many accounts in the past when I was first a sales rep for Xerox Corporation - so perhaps some of these methods may also help you to handle “too many accounts”. Organize &amp; Prioritize: I made a list of all my accounts (about 800 at the time) starting with the accounts that generated the most monthly revenue and working in descending order so the clients at the bottom of the list were those that generated the lowest dollar amount of monthly revenue.I had already sent a le

You're answer is rather obvious; find another Job. The less agreeable thing you can do is stop taking on more clients right now. Just flat out refuse to take on any additional work, clients or projects. If your boss doesn't like that, he can fire you. Then you can collect unemployment and workers comp until you find a more suitable company to work for. I realize this isn't going to be easy, but your boss has backed you into a corner. With things the way they currently are everyone and everything suffers; (i.e., you, the client, the projects, the companies reputation), everything…except of cour 

Typically bosses won't react until shown quantitative evidence that there truly is too much work, rather than just someone not working less efficiently. While it will make life difficult for you, starting each day at midnight, document the tasks you are performing, for whom, the length of time spent, the percent completed and status of the work, and the overall list of tasks not yet being worked on. Now ask your help center what time or task management tools are available. Hopefully there already is some tools in house that you could try. If som the convert your data into ypthe tool. There is of 

Hi Nick, Thank you for inviting me to respond. This is a very common issue amongst many organisations, and unfortunately rarely is anything ever done about it. I too have experienced this but unlike you, I did not have the courage to speak up. The reason people rarely speak up like you have, is because they are worried that they may be accused of being incompetent or unreliable. If I had my time again, I would do this. The best way to approach any manager in hope that change will occur is to go to them with facts. Telling them you are struggling is not enough, this can be perceived as you potentially 

I keep telling my manager that I have too many clients and too much work, but they don't seem to care. What should I do? I have learned that TELLING = “complaining and whining”, tuned out or ignored. The challenge is that your workload seems to exceed the maximum capacity of work you can complete. To make your point will require PROOF. To the best of your ability, find a way to monitor how much actual time is consumed by each client related task. For instance: if serving one client consumes an average of 2 hours, in an 8 hour work day, your maximum would be about 4 daily. If you are assigned 20 clie 

The first time I ever got a job I volunteered for everything. I did it in part because I suffer from excessive enthusiasm, but also because I am nosy and like being a part of things. It didn’t take long for me to feel resentful about my impossible workload. Why didn’t my company respect my time? Why did this organization say “it was the people who mattered” and no one did anything about the fact I worked evenings and weekends? Why was the company taking advantage of my generosity? I eventually came to realize two things: The first was that this was not the company’s fault, or my manager’s fault. The 

Find a job where they care. As soon as you can leave for a better situation, leave. If they were even average managers, they would be training you how to handle your clients and manage the work. They aren’t even average. Find a better manager that knows how to mentor you to success. You don’t need struggles without support. 203 views · View upvotes · Answer requested by Nick Lentz1Georgette Frederick, former Development OfficerAnswered 1 year ago · Author has 698 answers and 77.4K answer views

First, look at your work habits. are you procrastinating? Working smart? If your side of the street is clean, then. I’d tell him/ her what you said above, and then say could you please prioritize what you want done, so I can get to the important stuff you need done. If that doesn’t work, you might have to have a sit down this them and tell them that you need an assistant to help. That is good news, because it means they are being successful. You didn’t mention if your boss was giving you his/her work to do. So I am just addressing your question as written. In the meantime, brush up your resume,  

If you are working efficiently, effectively and full-time (during the time you are supposed to be working) than I would suggest: 1: Ask your manager to help you prioritize the work so you get the more important or deadline related work done first. 2: ask for some help in finding ways to “work smarter” so that you can get more done. 3: See if you can get some administrative assistance to help you serve your clients better. 4: Be grateful - there are many other people who have too few clients. 5: Quit and get another job 62 views · View upvotes · Answer requested by Nick Lentz2Tony Stout, Manufacturing Engineer (2018-present)Answered 1 year ago · Author has 284 answers and 464.3K answer views

Start sending your resume out. Unfortunately, too many companies completely ignore human rights or basic human decency these days. The only recourse for you is to acquire employment with another company. Considering their severe disrespect for you, I would not even give them two weeks notice when parting ways. Best wishes to you. 42 views · View upvotes · Answer requested by Nick Lentz1Diane Thompson, Writer, https://www.amazon.com/Familiar-Moon-Joine (2000-present)Answered 1 year ago · Author has 2.2K answers and 346K answer views

I have an employee who always does everything faster than everyone else on the team and spends most of the day playing video games and not helping his coworkers. Do I fire him?
Nope. You inspire them to challenge your existing protocols, products, or productions. I have a friend who is that co worker. V finishes her head guard jobs in well under a standard work day. Typically she is done by lunch. Or earlier. Somewhere along the path of life someone convinced V that if she was at work she absolutely had to be working 100%. At all times. V would never check Facebook or play a game on her phone. Instead, she took on other people’s work. At one point we had a particularly useless boss. He did very little and didn’t make it past his six months probation. During his tenure, 

No, you don’t fire him. With that said, I have to disagree with the direction some answerers seem to be going. I feel like they aren't accurately capturing the reality of the situation and the subtle nuances of group dynamics. It makes me wonder how many have ever actually been in charge of leading people before. Well, I have successfully managed teams for a long time and from the perspective of a manager, an employee like the one mentioned above is both a blessing and a curse. He’s a blessing because he works quick and efficiently. Everyone wants workers like that. However, he’s a curse because 

This is a tough question to answer, because we really don’t have enough information. There are plenty of good answers so far, and the bad answers, which are also plentiful, seem to be coming primarily from people who can relate to the fast worker whom you’re considering to let go. I used to work in a neighborhood which was near a Subway sandwich shop, and, during our lunch break, a group of us would often head there for sandwiches. There was this one guy who worked there who was amazingly fast at “assembling” sandwiches. He was so fast that — no lie! — he could put together 3 sandwiches in the  

It is difficult to be the one worker with a good work ethic in the company of lazy bums and a culture of laziness. I worked for 4 summers (1989–1992), for Parks &amp; Recreation Department of The City of Edmonton, Alberta. First I was on a “trimming crew” that was a truck full of young guys sent out to use trimmers/weed eaters to trim what mowers could not, driven by an older man “lead hand”, who did nothing but watch us. I quickly became accustomed to being the only one who got out of the truck to work on smaller jobs, especially if the weather was not 100% pleasant. That was bad enough, but then  

I worked in a machine shop and I had the title of General Machinist. There was only one pay scale above me and that was Toolmaker. There was only one Toolmaker position in the shop so I could not go to a higher level. Though I didn’t have the title of Toolmaker, I was a master at making tooling that could perform multiple functions all at the same time which really increased my production. (if I wanted to) Al was the superintendent and a really great guy. Whenever Al would come to me and tell me he had a rush job for me, I would jump right on it and get it done as soon as I possibly could. Then c 

I was hired by an executive at an insurance company, to lead a special project developing a new solution in Lotus Notes. Unfortunately, when I showed up for my first day of work (2 weeks later), the executive had just left on emergency leave to go to another city and care for his mother who had suddenly become seriously ill. They expected him back in 4 weeks. No one else knew anything about the project I was hired to lead, so they asked if I would mind helping their Lotus Notes support team resolve some issues they were having. Preferring being busy than being bored, I agreed. So I meet the sup 

Question Answered: I have an employee who always does everything faster than everyone else on the team and spends most of the day playing video games and not helping his coworkers. Do I fire him? TL:DR No, the problem is not the worker, it is the management and/or the corporate culture. It’s funny, I’ve been on both sides of this issue. I only had three jobs in my life where I worked for somebody else, i.e., I was not a founder or partner. One of these jobs was for a catering company during college where I did a bit of everything. I’ve never forgotten what my boss told me one day when he bumped  

I was like this once. Did everything faster than the entire team. My manager noticed, praised me for my efficiency, then asked me to help out my other team mates with their tasks since I already finished mine. Everyone told me I was great, I was efficient, I was awesome… but it never really went further than praise. My reward for finishing fast was to help out the rest of team with their remaining tasks. I mean, sure I got a raise eventually, but then so did some of my other co-workers, and they put in less effort than I did. About 2 years later I finally started burning out from doing twice the  

My next-to-last job: I was hired to do a necessary bookkeeping job that hadn’t been done at that company for nearly 18 months. I had no experience at it; nevertheless, I DID know how to create a spreadsheet, balance a checkbook, and do accurate arithmetic. Turns out that once I had caught up that job and had it running current, another full-time employee moved on, and I was given her job as well. So then I had what was essentially TWO full time jobs—which I did in 40 hours a week, and about once a month had actual time left over at the end—it was taking me about 38 hours a week to do it. I also 

I have an employee who always does everything faster than everyone else on the team and spends most of the day playing video games and not helping his coworkers. Do I fire him? Yes you do. Firstly it's important to note that after a quick check on the author it is pretty evident this question is in no way genuine. He's asked multiple instances of this question with slight variations. Not to mention he's asked hundreds of questions and only 3 answers. So all of the details we are making up about this imaginary employee are from our own heads. I am very much purposefully going against the grain he 

I called in sick and a coworker caught me at a restaurant at lunch. I’m afraid that she will tell my boss. What should I do?
What should you do?You are hoping to escape the consequences of your poor decisions. I’m not going to take you there. This is from the perspective of someone who has managed thousands of people in my career and an example of how your boss might see you. Take it or leave it. So, what should you do? You should hope your coworker doesn’t tell your boss she saw you at lunch. This whole thing could blow over or it could become a real problem. I suggest you do not repeat these poor decisions again. The bottom line is that you called in sick from work. You didn’t say you were sick, you just called 

First off, I would say that for a co-worker to call another employee out for being seen at a restaurant would be a real douche move. I know that there are people like this… but I personally would avoid such toxic coworkers. If that person does report you, she faces as much risk in reporting you as you do in being reported. People dislike slackers… but they dislike snitches even more. In the future, be smart— not stupid. Avoid restaurants near work where coworkers are likely to go. Avoid posting about your great shopping trip on social media. Avoid racking up your 10k pedometer steps in your emp 

I know someone to whom this happened. The person asks for a 3 weeks holiday. Verbally immediate boss says ok.The person books flight tickets, the cheapest one and if cancelled, you get zero money back. Later during the actual formal approval process itself, Holiday gets rejected saying it should be 2 weeks rather than 3 weeks. The person reaches boss’ess boss. He repeats the same stuff that more than 2 weeks may not be approved and the person will have to plan things in 2 weeks. The sad person, re plans things for 2 weeks with loss of considerable money. Holiday time of 2 weeks. The person ret 

I could say something flippant like 'sick people have to eat too,' but then . . .. Who's to say better than you how your co-worker might handle the matter. After all, you tell us nothing of your restaurant visit but that you went to one and was caught presumably eating. You tell us nothing of the relationship with the co-worker. Is she one who would just love to get you in trouble because she's an evil or otherwise negative person. Would there be some reward or thrill for her in telling what you're afraid she might tell. My own experience tells me that I have reason to be able to understand yo 

I called in sick and a coworker caught me at a restaurant at lunch. I’m afraid that she will tell my boss. What should I do? This situation raises multiple issues, and it appears both of you have or will act wrongly. First of all, what were you doing at a restaurant after you called in sick? Did you call in sick so you could take a day off and not use a personal or leave day? That alone is wrong, in my opinion. Maybe there is more to your story you haven’t revealed which could excuse you for being in the restaurant. If so, please reveal it. In the meantime, your coworker spotted you at the restaur 

We're you genuinely sick and had a very very good reason for being in a restaurant? If so, then go explain to your boss directly so that there are no misunderstandings. I was really ill with some kind of respiratory virus on the final day of work before Christmas. The day after Christmas we were due to fly to Ireland for holidays and i needed to pick up a prescription. The pharmacy was on lunchbreak and i had to wait 40 mins. I was so ill that i could barely stand there in the cold for 1 more minute. As i shivered outside, a colleague on lunch break walked past, saw me and stopped, asked how i  

So, someone caught you in a lie, and now you’re afraid that your boss will find out that you lied? What you should do: Don’t lie. Period. (I know you know this.)Take whatever consequences occur as a result of lying to your boss. Don’t make up excuses (more lies). If your boss doesn’t hear about your lie or doesn’t care, count yourself fortunate, then review #1. Many bosses don’t care unless the fun-day absence delayed making deadlines.I will say this: I believe that we should be able to take “mental health days” when we are utterly stressed out and need a day or two to improve our psychological 

Calling in sick when not sick, is something almost every one has done atleast once in their career but what you did was sheer stupidity, you are plain lucky it was not your boss you ran into. 😂 Coming to your concern , I can assure you that in 99% of the cases your co worker would leak the information out. Now this could be due to lot of factors Unintentionally: Your co worker didn't realise you had called in and sightseeing you just comes out example “ hey I just went to restaurant and xyz was also having lunch there”Due to suprise : “ are you certain xyz is sick or had called in sick , I just 

I've also had similar happen and what they didnt know or care to find out was I really did have an appt after. When people start running their mouths about something they know nothing about, really is infuriating. This is regarding anything in life. If you overhear part of a story or see someone where you dont think they should be without really knowing them and then go run your mouth, sometimes you really will look stupid in the end or worse. This is why I dont play into gossip and such because you can ruin someone's life that way. It's a dangerous game. It also makes me angry when these thing 

This makes me angry as it's happened to me. I had scheduled sick days for a procedure. Nobody needed to know. Afterwards, I was famished after for not eating solids for over 24hours. My husband, who had to take the day off as i could not drive, took me to lunch. Co-worker saw me. I didn't care. I went back to work the next day and was called in to my bosses office. He said I was seen eating out and why didn't I use a PTO or vacation day if all I wanted was a day or two off with my husband? What???? I asked him to check the online HR system we had and his approval. I showed a note that I got stati 

What is the fastest way you've seen a co-worker get fired?
Short version: Guy who worked there for less than a week got fired for stealing another employee's debit card information. Long version: When I worked overnights at a Holiday gas station, we would constantly have issues with getting people hired. So whenever we did get someone, they were effectively deemed irreplaceable, at least until a replacement could be found. Case in point, one of the (many) people hired and fired during my time there lasted several months. He was caught several times on camera stealing cigarillos, various other tobacco products, and food. This went on for a few months. Th 

I did NOT necessarily see a co-worker get fired- but one suddenly disappeared without anyone being aware of what happened at first. Back when I was working as a night crew stocker at Albertson's- this guy almost 10 years older than me had been hired to take the place of an African-American who had recently quit (because that one almost got fired for sneaking upstairs and taking naps while on the clock). That new guy acted okay at first- and then he all of a sudden started being a real jerk. He would get really “smart alecky"- and even started to mouth off at me while we were working. I came in  

I have seen 4 in my life: Flirting with a female collegue. Manager didn't like that. Asked the female collegue to email him, on their personal relationship. (Your employer must know, if you have any personal relationship with another employee in the organisation). The girl writes that this guy clings onto her, tries to woo her, and annoys her. On the basis of the email, the guy gets fired on the grounds of sexual harassment. 2 year later, we discover, the manager and the lady is having an affair. In fact, she got H1B as well, but at US immigration she gave some absurd answer on her “purpose of 

I've seen not one but two co-workers getting fired. It was in 2018, I was working in a BPO company. The company had an OT policy that anyone who's logged into the system for 11 hours will be considered as 9 hours of regular work, OT for 2 hrs and would pay you for that. Let me tell you, you've to be logged into the system, not necessarily be working and no permission from Team leader or manager was required to do OT. Technically you've to be working in those 2hrs also but since permission was not required from anyone to stay after shift this became a loophole to earn OT money without doing wor 

Back in my previous organization, there was no concept of firing. There were multiple projects and if you performed badly, you were released from the project. One would have to wait to get a call from a different project. While many wishes to get a release from the worst projects, to some getting a release is equivalent to getting fired and they don't want that for obvious reasons.  There was only one team member in my previous organization who stayed with the project ever since its inception. All the other team members have joined the project mid-way and needless to say, his experience had made 

Hello going anonymous because I am sharing my friend's/colleague's story about how he got fired [which happened last week 23rd march 2020] The fastest way of getting fired? Let me tell you what had happened. Let's call him X, he posted a description on linkedin that he is looking for a new job because in his current profile he was facing Negative team leaders, poor leadership, toxic work environment, no growth no promotions and nepotism/favoritism in almost every activity.He wanted growth in his career: he was the fastest, most knowledgeable and best quality worker, he wanted a better work culture

A friend and I were hired to work in a warehouse. Frank loved beer, if he wasn’t drinking beer he was eating Valium to calm his nerves. It’s our first day, the boss is watching us like he was in a guard tower making sure the prisoners didn’t escape. Had a shrapnel stare - went right through you. We were doing fine except that Frank was at the water cooler every 30 minutes washing down a Valium. Boss comes running over and wants to know what’s going on. Frank shows him a prescription bottle of Valium. He’s 26 years old and seemingly healthy. The boss is incredulous. I know we ain’t gonna last t 

There was a coworker that just started but had prior manager experience so he was getting trained for manager after a sort of trial period. This was at a Dominos. He finished his training and was then a manager. I just got this odd vibe from him like he had this big fake smile but it felt like he hated everyone inside or had bad intentions. I tried to hide it but one day he came bustling in with his high energy fake enthusiasm and then looked at me and said “what, you don’t like me devin?” I tried so hard to have self control. All i could do was just stay silent and try to look at the ground s 

It was happened in December 2019. We all joined in Wipro and in our batch contains one high experienced person too.  He was very excited about Wipro and he asked us to click a picture of him in Wipro campus and he posted in each and every social media he had. We all supposed to attend a 15 days mandatory training and during those time we all became friends and we exchanged our numbers too. His whatsapp status at the end of the day would be one pic of him in the Wipro campus . I hope he impressed that girl from his whatsapp status. But after entering into the project this all had happened. Wipro has  

Back then it was my first job at Chennai Metro in the year 2012 with a Singapore consultant who had strict adherence to safety and quality policy and had zero tolerance. Then we had a colleague called Sadiq Ahmed who was from Bihar who worked with Riyadh Metro and joined our company as electrical engineer. Now this guy had a habit of praying to god every 3 hours once. Since it was a consulting company we had off from Friday afternoon to Sunday. So before we proceed to leave the location on fridays our whole crew would inspect the whole of tunnel in trolleys and close the safety audit reports f 

I called in sick and a coworker caught me at a restaurant at lunch. I’m afraid that she will tell my boss. What should I do?
What should you do?You are hoping to escape the consequences of your poor decisions. I’m not going to take you there. This is from the perspective of someone who has managed thousands of people in my career and an example of how your boss might see you. Take it or leave it. So, what should you do? You should hope your coworker doesn’t tell your boss she saw you at lunch. This whole thing could blow over or it could become a real problem. I suggest you do not repeat these poor decisions again. The bottom line is that you called in sick from work. You didn’t say you were sick, you just called 

First off, I would say that for a co-worker to call another employee out for being seen at a restaurant would be a real douche move. I know that there are people like this… but I personally would avoid such toxic coworkers. If that person does report you, she faces as much risk in reporting you as you do in being reported. People dislike slackers… but they dislike snitches even more. In the future, be smart— not stupid. Avoid restaurants near work where coworkers are likely to go. Avoid posting about your great shopping trip on social media. Avoid racking up your 10k pedometer steps in your emp 

I know someone to whom this happened. The person asks for a 3 weeks holiday. Verbally immediate boss says ok.The person books flight tickets, the cheapest one and if cancelled, you get zero money back. Later during the actual formal approval process itself, Holiday gets rejected saying it should be 2 weeks rather than 3 weeks. The person reaches boss’ess boss. He repeats the same stuff that more than 2 weeks may not be approved and the person will have to plan things in 2 weeks. The sad person, re plans things for 2 weeks with loss of considerable money. Holiday time of 2 weeks. The person ret 

I could say something flippant like 'sick people have to eat too,' but then . . .. Who's to say better than you how your co-worker might handle the matter. After all, you tell us nothing of your restaurant visit but that you went to one and was caught presumably eating. You tell us nothing of the relationship with the co-worker. Is she one who would just love to get you in trouble because she's an evil or otherwise negative person. Would there be some reward or thrill for her in telling what you're afraid she might tell. My own experience tells me that I have reason to be able to understand yo 

I called in sick and a coworker caught me at a restaurant at lunch. I’m afraid that she will tell my boss. What should I do? This situation raises multiple issues, and it appears both of you have or will act wrongly. First of all, what were you doing at a restaurant after you called in sick? Did you call in sick so you could take a day off and not use a personal or leave day? That alone is wrong, in my opinion. Maybe there is more to your story you haven’t revealed which could excuse you for being in the restaurant. If so, please reveal it. In the meantime, your coworker spotted you at the restaur 

We're you genuinely sick and had a very very good reason for being in a restaurant? If so, then go explain to your boss directly so that there are no misunderstandings. I was really ill with some kind of respiratory virus on the final day of work before Christmas. The day after Christmas we were due to fly to Ireland for holidays and i needed to pick up a prescription. The pharmacy was on lunchbreak and i had to wait 40 mins. I was so ill that i could barely stand there in the cold for 1 more minute. As i shivered outside, a colleague on lunch break walked past, saw me and stopped, asked how i  

So, someone caught you in a lie, and now you’re afraid that your boss will find out that you lied? What you should do: Don’t lie. Period. (I know you know this.)Take whatever consequences occur as a result of lying to your boss. Don’t make up excuses (more lies). If your boss doesn’t hear about your lie or doesn’t care, count yourself fortunate, then review #1. Many bosses don’t care unless the fun-day absence delayed making deadlines.I will say this: I believe that we should be able to take “mental health days” when we are utterly stressed out and need a day or two to improve our psychological 

Calling in sick when not sick, is something almost every one has done atleast once in their career but what you did was sheer stupidity, you are plain lucky it was not your boss you ran into. 😂 Coming to your concern , I can assure you that in 99% of the cases your co worker would leak the information out. Now this could be due to lot of factors Unintentionally: Your co worker didn't realise you had called in and sightseeing you just comes out example “ hey I just went to restaurant and xyz was also having lunch there”Due to suprise : “ are you certain xyz is sick or had called in sick , I just 

I've also had similar happen and what they didnt know or care to find out was I really did have an appt after. When people start running their mouths about something they know nothing about, really is infuriating. This is regarding anything in life. If you overhear part of a story or see someone where you dont think they should be without really knowing them and then go run your mouth, sometimes you really will look stupid in the end or worse. This is why I dont play into gossip and such because you can ruin someone's life that way. It's a dangerous game. It also makes me angry when these thing 

This makes me angry as it's happened to me. I had scheduled sick days for a procedure. Nobody needed to know. Afterwards, I was famished after for not eating solids for over 24hours. My husband, who had to take the day off as i could not drive, took me to lunch. Co-worker saw me. I didn't care. I went back to work the next day and was called in to my bosses office. He said I was seen eating out and why didn't I use a PTO or vacation day if all I wanted was a day or two off with my husband? What???? I asked him to check the online HR system we had and his approval. I showed a note that I got stati 

How do you handle an employee having a breakdown in the workplace?
Have you ever seen a workplace bully picking the wrong target? What happened?
Yes I have, and I was the victim and my boss was the bully. I was in my early thirties and had just left a job working for the factory Porsche/ Audi racing team. I parted under friendly circumstances, as I had just recently become married and all the travel was becoming quite a strain on my marriage. Having worked at dealerships for years, I did not want to get back into the cutthroat office politics of dealership life. So I took a job at a private repair shop, and with my knowledge and skills, it did not take long for the shop owner to start taking on highly technical and specialized repairs o 

Edited to clarify I’m not homophobic (two paragraphs down): I am excited to be able to share this story. I swear every word of this is true. I SO wish that digital cameras had existed back then. I do still keep in touch with a couple of people who could verify. In the 80s I had a boss (high tech firm) who demanded everyone follow the Dress for Success/Woman’s Dress for Success books. The boss, whom I’ll call Sue, even once sent her secretary home for not wearing a “proper” blouse with her skirted suit. One man in our office, Duke, was gay. Everyone knew it. He displayed stereotypical gay body lan 

A little history. I grew up as a foster child, with one crazy, violent foster Mother. Special needs kids back in the 1960's weren't adopted. My twin and I were passed around in a number of foster homes until we landed in a Minister's family. Preacher's wife, “Mommy Dearest's" EVIL sister. My sister and I have a rare genetic abnormally called oculocutaneous albinism. White hair, white skin, and purple/red eyes, depending on the lighting in a given environment. Now, when you grow up the way I did, you had better be intelligent, quick witted, funny, strong willed, keenly aware of people's intent/mo 

Yes, and the wrong target he picked on was me. About a year and a half ago, my car broke down and I had no choice but to take the bus. I hated it and prayed I would soon save up enough money to get my car fixed. There is a bus stop in front of the hospital where I work, and I had to sprint out there to catch the bus on time every night. I would wait on the curb so I could look down the street and see if the bus was coming. When I saw a car jump the curb a few yards away and run up on the sidewalk, I started standing on the sidewalk closer to the bench where it was safer. As I was waiting, another 

Funny story. I was fourteen or fifteen at the time, maybe a bit younger. Part of my education involved wandering over to the shop after school and playing “gopher” and clean up guy for the techs. So I cleaned shop equipment and generally tidied up the place. I was wiping down one of the air hoses and hanging it back up on its spot on the wall. Its normal for techs to leave these things out. A new technician, who had not been using the hose, really jumped on me and began telling me that under no circumstance was I to touch his stuff. I understand that concept but this hose is part of the shop, h 

I worked as a babysitter and had a little business making custom pinatas for birthday parties when I was 12 and up, but got a part-time job at a Taco Bell when I was 16. I really wanted to work in the kitchen, but at that time (mid-1970s) only males were hired for those positions. The manager had me do clean-up jobs after the store closed, and would often stand there chatting at me while I did them. One night the male fry-cook also came to stand and stare at me while I was on my knees wiping down the nooks that held supplies (napkins, utensils, etc). They started verbally ganging up on me. I s 

I was working in a pet store/ grooming and boarding shop in DC as a teenager. Most of the employees were black (except me, an Italian guy, and a Honduran lady) and to most of us, this was not even on the radar as an issue. A young guy, maybe a year older than myself, was hired on and frequently expressed his pride at being from Compton, and his dislike of me. He would kinda playfully intimidate and harass me, mentioning how “white guys" would crumble and bleed everywhere so easily by a simple punch to the nose (we are, afterall, human), and other apparent deficits of being white. He stood a goo 

I wasn't there but I surely wish that I was. I left the family electrical business nearly 40 years ago, leaving it to my brothers-in-law to run. Back in those days, there was no “management;” we all worked, or we didn't make money and didn’t get paid. Consequently, there was never any doubt among any of us when employees were trying to pull the wool over our eyes. My brother in law, who now runs the business, often has a time test for applicants. Simple electrical functions that anyone should be able to do, and only take a certain amount of time, perhaps something like wiring an electrical swit 

I experienced this. I worked in an office doing data entry, we did hundred of entries a day. Our input generated punch cards (I’m old), which were run overnight. If you miskeyed a number, it could have pretty dramatic effect, but you wouldn’t know until the next day. Correcting the entry meant generation of another punch card, so the correction wouldn’t take place until that night. Humans occasionally make errors.  There was a higher lever person who was a bully. If someone botched an entry, she would drive to our office, and go ballistic on whomever did it. In some cases, she would upset them  

I WAS THE WRONG TARGET So this was my first job. I was 16 and working at KFC and Taco Bell, they were both in the same complex connected. Now, this environment was very peaceful, quiet, and sometimes it got busy but nothing tooooooo big of a deal. Around two months of using my summer to work there, the most popular girl in the whole school, 18 years old, came in. She had a job there! I was like okay….maybe she will be nice to me. She was a pretty petty and mean girl so like I was worried but I shrugged it off, no big deal! When she saw me, she gave me a smirk, not a good sign but I just smiled. A 

What did your boss ever say in the office that caused you to resign?
Ohhh, it was a combination of comments and events that snowballed into my fed-up final exit. Buckle up; it’s a long story and nobody is the good guy in the end, sadly not even the one telling it. Bad environments put people’s minds in bad places. It was a pretty toxic work environment anyway. I’d been there for seven years, hard working and loyal to the point of unhealthy obsession, and I was aware that I was being scapegoated, my personal life and a recent tragedy were all over the rumor mill, and I was being paid A LOT less than my coworkers, including men who held the same title as my own. Th 

There was never a one thing they said, usually I either need to move on as the job is getting more routine and find a more suitable option, or a few times it was a manager change. I cannot work for micromanagers so usually give them some time to see if it was only initial but if it carries one, then I go. It’s never one thing they say. However the most bizarre things were: why don’t you work as a builder or a cleaning lady, you are from Poland (I live in the UK and work in IT)disgust on my English boss’s face when she had to try some Polish food in Poland (trip to the Polish office) - these wer

My (at the time boyfriend) ex and I worked at the same company for many years, and were doing quite well, offered many opportunities to grow and be promoted together while starting our own team. We were promoted to move to another province to re-open a failed branch and become the Provincial Managers, where we had to hire and train a whole new staff. Which is still going strong to this day I might add. Nearing the end of our time there our co-owners (bosses) started being terrible to everyone. They would scream and berate you for the smallest things and put you down in front of everyone. There 

In 20 years of various corporations all around the world you hear people say… many things. None of them caused me to resign - I resign when I choose a better option, whatever than may be, not because someone says something. That’s on them, not on me. However, some of the “strangest” things were: Said towards her “non UK” direct reports in a meeting full of “UK people”, 5 years ago or so: “I don’t want to work with people who are not English and not born and bred in UK.” - ironically, said in a company owned by Chinese stakeholders, located in a different country than UK. Well… then maybe we shou

I hope you love your mom, have a wife or girlfriend, are a dad, have sisters, or daughters to perhaps have more sensitivity to this story. I was 23 and took a job as a head front desk person at a decent 3 -star hotel in a tourist area. It was called Nite Lite Inn. (It would have been on par with like a Best Western. We had had a recent problem with a tran trying to work the hotel to turn tricks so police were often there trying to catch "Fast Eddie." Yep, you get the story: a guy moving fast enough on drunk sailors from a nearby training station the guys weren't usually realizing in the dark tha 

What did your boss ever say in the office that caused you to resign? I started working for a spa without knowing or being told that the spa was in the process of being sold. The current owner in May 2012 was trying to sell it to someone who had a spa in another location and basically wanted to expand his business. He wanted the spa fully staffed and I was hired on as the spa receptionist, later to be called the spa coordinator by the new owner. He purchased between June and July of 2012 and essentially interviewed all service providers but didn’t interview me and wouldn’t talk to me about my pa 

I worked at a Big Orange home improvement warehouse. I did the inventory ordering for several departments; my position was called IMA (inventory management associate) and I had a IMA department head (my immediate boss) and the department head of the areas I ordered (boss adjacent… but not my supervisor). Then there are actual managers called supervisors… the top being the store manager. When orders are complete, I work the floor as an associate which is why the department head (DH) might be confused to think he is my boss. The DH wanted to use the forklift but did not want to use safety gates…  

My boss came into her new job hating me. I do not know why or even understood to this day her decision to dislike me but she did. I could handle that. My supervisor called me in to speak to me personally and told me that the new boss was going to have a meeting with me and he told me what she was going to say and do. For the first time in office, I cried. I had not done anything wrong. Other than I was doing too good a job and the lawyers were not pleased. I personally did not even know how to amend my ways other than to not do my job at all. My entire job was to review and ensure that lawyers 

I was hired by someone who really didn’t understand my space, but had that arrogant “Just do it and don’t give me any excuses” attitude. To compound the problem, they were asking for something that wasn’t possible without addressing a number of underlying organizational and cultural issues. To be fair, he was absolutely brilliant in his space and I truly admired the guy for his expertise. But he was a lousy manager and had the EQ of a rabid wolverine. The final straw was a conversation held over the phone on a Friday night from 800 miles away. Boss: “I don’t care. You need to do xyz. Are you goi 

What did your boss ever say in the office that caused you to resign? I worked as a supervisor in a VIP Services call center for a casino and had 2 admin assistants and a team of about 10–12 reps. My manager had been in her position for quite some time and went through supervisors and admins quite frequently because she made the job personal. She treated us all like her kids and would bake treats, decorate for every holiday, chastise us for little things in a very unprofessional way! Every shift I worked that she also worked, I would be pulled outside for at least 3 of HER smoke breaks (I don't s 

How would you handle an employee who refuses to attend company parties?
Actually, the last company I worked for before going solo had this kind of thing. I don’t mind party, but sometimes in the weekday I got pretty tired after a day handling complains and thinking my way out of buggy codes. So the company I worked for was a family-managed company. Every single year, the lady owner would celebrate her birthday… And it would the single nightmare for some of us. Her “birthday party” was not lavish, no, it was far from that. It was more likely an independence day celebration in Indonesia. You got to be picked up by your department for doing something (fun) but stupid. 

Speaking as an HR I can tell you that unless “attending corporate events" is written in the job description that the employee has signed and unless you pay it as overtime (because it's outside of regular working hours), you have no grounds whatsoever to force them to go or to “handle" anything or anyone. Speaking as an employee who never attends corporate events, I'll give you an example from my own experience of what can happen if you do force someone. I was compelled to attend a corporate Christmas ball once. Didn't end well. I'm an introvert and in my previous company my supervisor was an ext 

My reply to this is on why people do not want to attend company functions. Let me start with saying that many people have the attitude I do. It is a job and only that. I am paid for my experience, skills abilities and expertise in my chosen field (Telecommunications). I am paid for the time I am there and only that. After working with the same people all day long, some people want a break from the people they work with and would prefer to spend their free time (which can be quite limited) with friends and/or family. Also there are quite a few people (myself included) that are very selective with  

I had a discussion with some of my coworkers who were venting out their frustration over parties. Company parties are considered as a platform for employees to like each other. “66 percent of managers say showing up at the party is expected”,(PR Newswire). Its an unsaid rule that almost every employee feels liable to follow. Generally, company parties are hosted after work hours, which means they are voluntary. The main goal of the event is to help the employees, so why not give them a choice? In my opinion, there shouldn’t be a need to handle an employee who refuses to attend the parties.  Here a 

 The other answers are terrific. But they are also predictable. My company doesn’t own me.I have a life outside work.I want work-life balance.I work to live. Not live to work.blah blah blah yada yada yada Average workers are 100% predictable in their “populist” responses!  But consider this question from the perspective of a Boss: Top Performers = Excellent Work + Strong Motivation Average Performers = Excellent Work + Lukewarm Motivation Below Average = Poor Work + Strong Motivation Low Performers = Poor Work + Poor Motivation  Top 20% Performers do not need a Boss. They are self-starters. Just give them

Years ago now I was appointed general manager of a large automotive and general engineering works in the UK. It was a bit of a mess, riddled with trade union disputes, and barely struggling along with continual interference from its accountants and shareholders. As I had to I instituted reforms that initially didn't go down well at all. No more multiple trade unions -- only one union rep, but the unions could decide who that should be and seek my approval. If approved, that rep would sit in on works management meetings as the representative and voice of the workforce. No more of all the variou 

Okay, let’s assume that I’m at the top of the Org chart of my own company, and it is my decision on how to “handle” employees.  (Image credit: Shakhawat Shamim at Comfort Design; DesignCrowd) In this scenario, I have an employee that doesn’t want to attend company parties, even though they are paid for by the company. And I need to parse how to handle that eventuality, and how to address that employee going forward. So how would I handle it? I wouldn’t give a damn. Not a single fuck is given. My job as a CEO/Chairman is to build the most efficient company possible, and for it to be profitable follow 

Most people seem to be answering this with speculation as to why the employee may not be attending; I’m going to take a slightly different route with this answer. I am “one of those people” who generally refuse to attend company parties so will give a slightly different spin on the answer and it will be why I refuse to attend. In general I could be considered a very private person, I keep to myself and try not to bother other people. During my late teens and twenties I also struggled with agoraphobia and it took until my late twenties before I overcame it. I may come off as unsociable but it is 

Oh I just may be an expert on this. This explains why, the answer follows. As a kid I filled oxygen cylinders with a guy we will call Wallus. If Wallus was rolling a cylinder across the dock and the clock struck 5:00 he stopped right where he was, walked off the dock and went home. Night after night I’d end up cleaning up and locking the place up by myself. In no time I got sick of that and one evening when he froze at 5 I lit into him with “Hey A$$#@@% what makes you think I should clean up after you every night?” He never missed a beat. He said “You do that cause you’re young and stupid. We used 

Before I was doing ‘gig economy’ stuff, I was that employee who refused to attend company parties… or anything with the word ‘mandatory’ in it. Telling me I HAD to be somewhere, where I was expected to drink alcohol, eat food, and be in a room full of noisy people always got my hackles up. I don’t like alcohol. Other people’s food scares me. And rooms full of people are things that I avoid like the plague — you know plagues are contagious, right? You couldn’t pay me to attend a party. Matthew T. Waterhouse's answer to When a supervisor tells you a meeting is mandatory what do you do? I suggested t 

What was the nail in the coffin for an employee or a co-worker?
In large organizations, no matter how many highly competent employees there are, some incompetent ones manage to sneak their way in and somehow manage to stay. There was one woman in our unit. I’ll call her Ms X. My coworkers and myself could never figure out exactly what her job was since she was always off on her phone making personal calls. But while we weren’t supervised by her (thank goodness), she had seniority to us. I suspect our manager only kept her on because, the way red tape works in large organizations, getting rid of her would probably result in a cut to our unit’s budget. Althoug 

The nail in the coffin for one of my co-workers was when she was no longer allowed to smoke her “coffin nails” in her office, or anywhere in any Hughes Aircraft building. Rockie French (no, that is not a made-up name) was the only person I’ve ever known who would routinely and regularly have three cigarettes lit at one time. She’d have one that was a smoldering butt in the ashtray that she’d pick up to suck on until it was burned down to the filter; the one that she had in her mouth, that she’d take out to get the last drag out of the one in the ashtray; and then the one she’d light up as the b 

There was an unfortunate situation where the management didn’t focus on one division because it didn’t make money. There were eventually three employees in the division. Employee One was spectacular at the job and had a flexible personality. Employee Two was spectacular at the job, but had a chip on their shoulder making it difficult to address a concern immediately because this employee would get so defensive when they were corrected. Word choices allowed Employee One and Employee Two to get along because Employee One legitimately admired the work talents of Employee Two. Employee Three was hire 

At one point I co-owned a laboratory where we did food testing. We had an employee, Floyd, who was kind of like a Great Dane puppy: big, young, eager, and prone to unfortunate errors. We had a huge job come in. We were part of a nation-wide group testing for the presence of a particular pesticide in fruit juice. It was a single-blind study, so we didn't know which samples were contaminated, but the originators of the study did. After a week of 16-hour shifts and complete exhaustion setting in, we completed the study on time and proudly submitted our results. About one week later, my phone was ri 

Oh my… several come to mind. Here is my biggest POS termination He was a skinny little POS. A cock sure braggart that thought he was the envy of the female species. He was always doing things, saying things, things that made the ladies on the unit feel uncomfortable but never going one inch over the line that I could fire him. HR was a little hesitant to allow me to terminate him for sexual harassment because the words he used could be taken in several different meanings. I gave him horrible evaluations, all well deserved, thinking he would ask for a transfer to another units open positions, bu 

Many years ago I worked for a startup software company that was developing a website. They were recruiting anyone they could get their hands on, often without paying too much attention to actual skill levels. This was in 2001 so the site was built using ASP - something I'd never used before. So I opened the books, got onto Yahoo (or whatever else was around before Google) and built a prototype to demonstrate to the customer. It was rough - and contained all my mistakes and misunderstandings - but as it was throwaway I didn't worry too much. The customer liked the workflow and structure though an 

I once had a coworker who tried to Single White Female me. She had been hired as my replacement when I got promoted. She was obsessed with being just like me and having everything I had. I was blind to this at the time. The last job I was promoted into I ended up hating. It was strictly a desk position and as an extrovert, it was a really bad fit. I was growing increasingly depressed but never showed it. Outwardly, I was very cheerful and bubbly. The girl, Crystal* was very envious of my position and my life. She started to say how my position was her dream job and she could see herself doing it  

A giant vibrating machine. Ok, this is going to be somewhat…sexual in nature, so don't say I didn't warn you. At work, we have this de-burring machine. It vibrates metal parts quite intensely, to get metal burrs and extra material off the parts. I'll see if I can find any pics or videos of it.   Well, I've got a video, but I guess we can't post videos any more. Anywho, it vibrates really…um…strongly. So, there was this girl, who was a temp worker, 22 years old. She would go out at lunch and get high, which isn't a big deal, since 80% of the workers there get high at lunch. The problem was, there is 

A cherry-chocolate cupcake. In the mid 70s, I worked for Bill, a 25-year veteran of an international insurance company. He had started at the bottom, but had initiated and run a program for gas station owners that brought in millions. While Bill had clients that had one station, he also had those who owned 20–30 stations. Many of the bigger owners had started in the oil fields, made a lot of money and had invested in gas stations and garages and become very rich. They liked Bill; he listened to them, gave them good deals and would have a beer with them sometimes. They trusted him. He had come fro 

When you work with many people in a company for a long time you are bound to come across some real losers. One in particular stands out because he got away with so much. His name is Dwayne. He was an experienced server in the restaurant I started at and he was a Certified Trainer. He trained me when I started in 2003. Countless times he called out other servers for falling behind and he made fun of them, that they couldn’t do their job right. He belittled them for his own entertainment. He boasted about how he routinely made $50 off large parties on weekends. He acted like he could do this at w 

Have you ever seen a workplace bully picking the wrong target? What happened?
Yes I have, and I was the victim and my boss was the bully. I was in my early thirties and had just left a job working for the factory Porsche/ Audi racing team. I parted under friendly circumstances, as I had just recently become married and all the travel was becoming quite a strain on my marriage. Having worked at dealerships for years, I did not want to get back into the cutthroat office politics of dealership life. So I took a job at a private repair shop, and with my knowledge and skills, it did not take long for the shop owner to start taking on highly technical and specialized repairs o 

Edited to clarify I’m not homophobic (two paragraphs down): I am excited to be able to share this story. I swear every word of this is true. I SO wish that digital cameras had existed back then. I do still keep in touch with a couple of people who could verify. In the 80s I had a boss (high tech firm) who demanded everyone follow the Dress for Success/Woman’s Dress for Success books. The boss, whom I’ll call Sue, even once sent her secretary home for not wearing a “proper” blouse with her skirted suit. One man in our office, Duke, was gay. Everyone knew it. He displayed stereotypical gay body lan 

A little history. I grew up as a foster child, with one crazy, violent foster Mother. Special needs kids back in the 1960's weren't adopted. My twin and I were passed around in a number of foster homes until we landed in a Minister's family. Preacher's wife, “Mommy Dearest's" EVIL sister. My sister and I have a rare genetic abnormally called oculocutaneous albinism. White hair, white skin, and purple/red eyes, depending on the lighting in a given environment. Now, when you grow up the way I did, you had better be intelligent, quick witted, funny, strong willed, keenly aware of people's intent/mo 

Yes, and the wrong target he picked on was me. About a year and a half ago, my car broke down and I had no choice but to take the bus. I hated it and prayed I would soon save up enough money to get my car fixed. There is a bus stop in front of the hospital where I work, and I had to sprint out there to catch the bus on time every night. I would wait on the curb so I could look down the street and see if the bus was coming. When I saw a car jump the curb a few yards away and run up on the sidewalk, I started standing on the sidewalk closer to the bench where it was safer. As I was waiting, another 

Funny story. I was fourteen or fifteen at the time, maybe a bit younger. Part of my education involved wandering over to the shop after school and playing “gopher” and clean up guy for the techs. So I cleaned shop equipment and generally tidied up the place. I was wiping down one of the air hoses and hanging it back up on its spot on the wall. Its normal for techs to leave these things out. A new technician, who had not been using the hose, really jumped on me and began telling me that under no circumstance was I to touch his stuff. I understand that concept but this hose is part of the shop, h 

I worked as a babysitter and had a little business making custom pinatas for birthday parties when I was 12 and up, but got a part-time job at a Taco Bell when I was 16. I really wanted to work in the kitchen, but at that time (mid-1970s) only males were hired for those positions. The manager had me do clean-up jobs after the store closed, and would often stand there chatting at me while I did them. One night the male fry-cook also came to stand and stare at me while I was on my knees wiping down the nooks that held supplies (napkins, utensils, etc). They started verbally ganging up on me. I s 

I was working in a pet store/ grooming and boarding shop in DC as a teenager. Most of the employees were black (except me, an Italian guy, and a Honduran lady) and to most of us, this was not even on the radar as an issue. A young guy, maybe a year older than myself, was hired on and frequently expressed his pride at being from Compton, and his dislike of me. He would kinda playfully intimidate and harass me, mentioning how “white guys" would crumble and bleed everywhere so easily by a simple punch to the nose (we are, afterall, human), and other apparent deficits of being white. He stood a goo 

I wasn't there but I surely wish that I was. I left the family electrical business nearly 40 years ago, leaving it to my brothers-in-law to run. Back in those days, there was no “management;” we all worked, or we didn't make money and didn’t get paid. Consequently, there was never any doubt among any of us when employees were trying to pull the wool over our eyes. My brother in law, who now runs the business, often has a time test for applicants. Simple electrical functions that anyone should be able to do, and only take a certain amount of time, perhaps something like wiring an electrical swit 

I experienced this. I worked in an office doing data entry, we did hundred of entries a day. Our input generated punch cards (I’m old), which were run overnight. If you miskeyed a number, it could have pretty dramatic effect, but you wouldn’t know until the next day. Correcting the entry meant generation of another punch card, so the correction wouldn’t take place until that night. Humans occasionally make errors.  There was a higher lever person who was a bully. If someone botched an entry, she would drive to our office, and go ballistic on whomever did it. In some cases, she would upset them  

I WAS THE WRONG TARGET So this was my first job. I was 16 and working at KFC and Taco Bell, they were both in the same complex connected. Now, this environment was very peaceful, quiet, and sometimes it got busy but nothing tooooooo big of a deal. Around two months of using my summer to work there, the most popular girl in the whole school, 18 years old, came in. She had a job there! I was like okay….maybe she will be nice to me. She was a pretty petty and mean girl so like I was worried but I shrugged it off, no big deal! When she saw me, she gave me a smirk, not a good sign but I just smiled. A 

Could your boss do your job?
No she couldn't. It was December 2016. My mom had cancer and wasn't doing well. I had taken over the accounts receivable position at the beginning of November. The person I took over for had been in the position for a decade. No desk instructions had ever been written. I had the daily banking down. I only had screen shots for the month end report. Since I knew that my mom wasn't doing well I sent an email to my manager and the controller. I gave themthe instructions and passwords to get the daily records from the bank. I told them that they had to use my computer to access the bank records. If t 

Hell no. My boss always likes to say, “Shannon, anyone can do your job. Hell, I can do your job.” After saying this one too many times, I challenged him to a bet to do my job. And he agreed, saying it would be a breeze. So I said, “Cool. Be here tomorrow at 2pm.” So he shows up the next day. I show him around the unit and explain what needs to be done for each resident. After the last resident, I turn to him and I say, “Good luck to you,” and I go to the other unit. He stops me. “Which ones are mine?” I give him a funny look. “Dude, they are all yours. It’s just you on this unit. Look, this is what  

Oh, absolutely. I do end user tech support. My boss is the CIO, and started out doing end user tech support, before he moved into web development, and then was promoted to management. But here’s the thing: he always says that there is no way that he could know everything I do about end user tech support, and pretends he doesn’t understand some of the technical aspects. He says he could not do my job anywhere near as well as I can. I’m fairly sure he is lying through his teeth, but all the same, he makes me feel valued. He also is incredibly hands-off. I’m responsible for end user tech where I wo 

HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA Absolutely not, and she learned the hard way. Jan Bauer's answer to What's a rule your employer implemented that backfired terribly? This is the one incident that happened that solidified my role in the company. Yes, I work for my mother in law. My husband, my mother in laws best friend and a part time bookkeeper round out our office of 5 employees. I could go somewhere else and make more money, but my mother in law is very flexible with our son and his schedule. My husband turns from property manager to SAHD during the summer and other times when our son isn’t in school. I’m a 

Certainly not, nor would any of them ever think that they could. My job required a Master's degree — my second — and a specialized credential from the state in addition to my primary credential. I have had only one boss even care enough to ask me to show him some of what I do because he was required to evaluate me. After a bit, his eyes glazed over, and he handed me the evaluation form, told me to fill it out, and give it to him to sign. 132 views · View upvotes3Sponsored by ATP Personal Training Hong Kong5 easy tips to control your appetite and lose weight naturally.Try these tips if you feel like eating more and more even when you’ve just finished eating a meal.Read MoreMark Neuhausen, Serial Intrapreneur, Tech Partner, Angel InvestorAnswered 1 year ago · Author has 3.1K answers and 4.3M answer views

As I gradually was kicked upstairs to higher and higher levels, I lost the ability to do the jobs of everyone on my team. But I certainly could the job of any direct report, and only had respect for bosses who understood what I did. It did not mean they could do my job as well as I could, but they understood what was involved and while they might have been slower, they could have done my job. Bosses who could not do my job and really did not understand what I did also did not have my respect and I found new bosses. 185 views · Answer requested by John MichealJesse Curry, B.S. Management &amp; Civil Engineering, United States Military Academy (2009)Answered 1 year ago

If you are asking specifically about my job, then I think yes - she could. She has done it before. However, there are jobs within the organization that she probably couldn’t do as well. I think this boils down to what their experiences have been because the higher you rise within an organization, the more you will find yourself leading functions that you probably couldn’t jump in and do their jobs. Now, that being said, good leaders will realize that they do not need to know how to do every job within the organization. They simply need to be able to understand what those jobs bring to the table a 

No. Know your roles. I don’t like this question because most bosses do not need to know how to do your job, it’s their job to manage you. It is a common misconception that managers are superior versions of a worker. In fact, managing often requires an entire different set of skills. Good workers are often promoted to manager positions, not because of their skills, but the level of respect they have over their peers. What exacerbates this misconception is that managers in positions like ones at a fast food restaurants need to train workers and they actually need to know how to do your job. Wherea 

Yes for one particular boss, no for others. My last boss had also once been my employee at another company. The nature of my employment with him was primarily involving policy and systems development. The nature of his employment for me was primarily associated with policy and systems development. We in fact were each extensions of the other. Other bosses didn’t have a clue. This is not a knock on them — in fact if they were finely attuned to what I did that would mean they were not doing their job. They set priorities and direction and goals and it was my job, everyone’s job, to figure out how  

I never acted as subordinate in my 22 years of career. I was fortunate enough to get the role of head of department in my first job itself. Though the size of the unit were varying. So during initial stage of career, we were only 5 when I was in small steel making company. So if any one was to go on leave, I was required to play the role of reliever of the travelling subordinate. In otherwise cases also, I was supposed to act upon certain activities in routine. Since I have had all the working experience of core functions if accounts and finance dept. it was never a difficult job for me to man 

How can I earn 50-100k per month working 12 hours everyday from home?
Dont trade time for money. Use leverage…think about it like this. Build a website that have little competition, rank it #1…then build website 2 and rank it #1…over time these become money generating assets if done correctly. You MUST find an unsaturated market to make money online? What if I told you 200+ Million Americans need a service. What if I told you, the online competition is so weak you'd be shocked why the SEO experts have not got involved. Shopify, Amazon, etc are all overly saturated. Find an untapped market with some knowledge on E-commerce is gold. First let me begin with saying i 

I’m going to be very honest with you, 50–100k per month is a lot of money ( I’m assuming you’re taking dollars here ). Although you could be talking about some other currency which makes it a very achievable goal for you in the near future. Nevertheless, it is doable. Neil Patel is probably earning this much every month or more. The thing is though he’s been working online for years and if you want to reach his level you need to put it an equal amount of work and time as well. If you’re willing to spend 12 hours a day on this, you could try blogging as a means to make you your 50–100k. Why bloggin 

In fact, 50k-100k is not a big amount of money, but if you don’t how to get it, it will be really difficult to you. Nowadays, the business market emerges so many works, choosing a relevant work for yourself is not difficult- not easy. I am here, I am not an expert to tell the theories. I am your friend and want to tell my experiences about doing business from small steps. My business work started to a normal work, even you can consider bored. However, I respect it, it is like background for the next works.  IT IS DOING VIDEO MAKE MONEY WITH YOUTUBE You can spend 12 hours/day to do work from home,  

Make Money Online by working from Home - See how - Get Paid Online by Working for Yourself – Know How You Can Do It It sounds strange to earn money by working for ourselves right? It is in our hands to earn online with a laidback process. Internet is enough and there are many ways to follow for earning money in this virtual world. But how to do this by working for ourselves instead of others? Is this really possible? If so, how? Why someone will pay for serving own? Wait a moment, don’t let your mind stuck up with all these questions. Solution is clear here for all these queries.  Earning through 

First of all, i am sorry that i will not be providing you with the method you seek to earn that money. I, however, would just like to warn you not to trust ANY of the numbers you see on Youtube tutorials( which i came to assume are the source of the numbers you set, i could be wrong) I tried one of the models available for making a passive income, which is E-book publishing. And though i do know and believe that the endeavor can be financially rewarding, more often than not you will find that your payout is waaaaay below what the “Gurus” advertise it to be. In no way do i wish to discourage you.  

Some day, I’ll make $50,000 in my sleep. Down the road, I’ll have $100,000 in my bank account. In the future, I’ll build a $500,000 business. If you have ever caught yourself dreaming up a way to earn a lump sum of money or become a bonafide entrepreneur, we have good news: you can make your goals a reality through online business. Many are turning to online ventures to make the money they’re looking for. Some are hoping for a way out of the nine-to-five lifestyle, some want financial freedom, and still others want the money to help them reach a personal goal, like being able to spend more time 

Find ways to provide value to people. Find sources of value that are in high demand. Provide this value to people for an amount of resources less than they would have to expend obtaining that value on their own. That is, essentially, the basic concept of obtaining resources. You can ‘blog’ to provide valuable information that would take others many hours to research on their own; you can provide products that you buy in bulk to save on price which you can then offer to people for less money; you could devise some system that allows people to spend less time doing a task and have more personal tim 

I love this kind of questions “teach me how to become millionaire with the minimum effort and investment” and then a bunch of “experts” come and tell you that blogging or making YouTube videos will do it! Curiously, any of these people are making 100K or even 50K a month. I have a friend, he makes 90K + a month. I know him, seen his checks. He never seats on a computer, all he do is travel and talk. I am not going to say what his business is. he is his own boss, however he works 5–6 days a week all day. Would you rather sit 12 hours a day in a pc hurting your back, eyes etc or travel meet people a 

As everyone is telling you its very hard to earn .I can tell you the simplest way. Because I am also in the same way. The easiest way is to write about something “Like to become a content writer”. As currently content writing can offer you income of $10-$12 per 100 words. So if you complete 1 article say of 500 words that makes $60 for you per day or in 2 days .That can take you to the level of 50k income per month. You can cold email the companies for content writing ,as there are so many freelancing works available on websites also. 1.9K views · View upvotes81Muhamad Ridwan Harrist, works at Foreign Exchange MarketAnswered 3 years ago · Author has 99 answers and 82.6K answer views

try to be reasonable! and don’t expect to much :) because for some reason you’ll go nowhere! learn about SEO, this is very basic for online biz! secondly try SEM, adwords, Microsoft PPC and etc, most SME do this! because they can’t wait for SEO result! last but not least! try Social MEdia, because their traffic are so big! if you know about how to drive social media traffic, it can be your advantages, as long you know how to deal with them! but I must said, dealing with social media traffic are not easy! because most of them are not ready to buy! but for PPC traffic and SEO, often times, they r 

Is there any way to earn money within 24 hours without an investment?
Are IT employees happy to work from home?
From my perspective, I'm not too happy with the work from home. Earlier, when work from home was a privilege, I was eager to work from home and avoid the traffic. But, now it has become a nightmare to manage work from home daily. Long working hours. Mostly, when I wake up, my instinct is to switch on the laptop and go through the emails. It doesn't matter when I wake up, whether it's morning or a weekend or in the middle of the night. I always reach out to the laptop and check my emails. If something critical has come up, I instinctively start fixing it.Continuing on the same lines, I'm always 

Don’t know about others, but I am definitely not happy working from home. This is actually the first time I am working from home because I had always worked in a secure ODC and WFH was not allowed. I used to dream of working from home, I used to envy others who had this privilege. But now I am thinking differently. Before Lockdown: I would wake up early, go to the gym at around 6–7 AM in the morning. I would have breakfast then and reach office at around 11 AM. There would be a lot of work after that but we would have the meetings and interactions with colleagues which was a lot of fun. We used to g 

Yes, I am happy to work from home. There are two sides of every coin. Let's take a look at the bright side first. I do not have to get up early to get ready. Usually there was a duration of 90 mins between waking up and leaving for office. I save that time now.I don't have to worry about what clothes I'll be wearing the next day. If my clothes were dirty, I would worry about finding some dress from hidden parts of my cupboard as I can't repeat something which I have already worn in that particular week.I used to take a cab to commute to office. I am saving that money now.There are some days when

I am so tired of people complaining about staying at home and cribbing about how bad it is…I had to answer this. No it is not so bad…we just don’t think how we can turn it into a boon. Someone rightly said…Our ancestors used to go to war to make a better future for us...and we crib because we get to earn by luxuriously while sitting at home..and where everything is delivered at your doorstep Somebody please explain to me how is that a problem statement, without sounding completely illogical I would admit, I am an introvert and this lockdown is like a year long Christmas for me. But , it is not so  

I am an IT employee with two years of experience in this field and have been working from home since 20th March 2020. I consider myself lucky to be in such a profession, that has the liberty and flexibility to work from home. When the lockdown started, a lot of employees did shift to work from home culture initially but everyone got called back once the unlock procedure started. IT employees are a lucky few who are still working from home. However life isn't as rosy as it seems, even while working from home since there have been a few added headaches too. I would like to call the current situa 

Most definitely not. It has been over 5 weeks since this work from home started and it has not been an enjoyable experience. With every passing day, things are slowly taking a downward slide. First problem is that we lose track of time. Power on the laptop simultaneously while brushing your teeth and then start checking emails. We work for hours together and the next time you look at the watch and it is 7PM already. Congratulations, you have worked yet another day for more hours than what you are paid for.Carrying over from point 1, our entire routine gets ruined. We spend most of our day in fro

Can there be anyone who don’t like a change? I was actually trilled to adapt this way of working. Now these days we're all learning how to live with the reality of corona virus. Work-from-home jobs are very much a reality. It’s much more than just the benefit of getting to work in your pajamas. My office chair is my couch / bed now. My commute is the length of the hallway. The snack drawer is the entire pantry.. Wow…. Better in all the ways it can be. Working from home has not only made me more productivity but also it kept me relaxed. I have learned to rely on self-motivation, self-discipline,  

Instead of Yes/No, I would like to answer advantages and disadvantages of working from home. Infra - Offices will have great infra and meet average needs of all employees like Centralized AC, Desks, Ergonomic Chairs, Bean Bags, Adequate Lighting, Pantry Services, Snacks and Food, Redundant Internet Connection. Not all will have this sort of infra setup at home or a dedicated room for home/office work. However those who have at-least a dedicated room with good internet connectivity and nice chair and office setup are luckiest one’s. Cost - This should break down into 2 parts, Commute expenses and 

I am not happy at all. 1)There is no work-life balance while WFH. I have to sit around 12–13 hours because of this I started facing the issue of back pain. When I used to work in the office at least I can take breaks and can talk to people . As my father and mother is working so in my house half of the day me and my sister live alone and work without talking to each other. As both are busy in their office work. 2)There was one funny moment I would like to share .There was team meeting and one of my senior used to take the calls on zoom and he was on the phone and suddenly his video started and h 

Not exactly an IT employee but finance, nevertheless working from home and can still answer the question. Cons There is no work schedule. I start at 10 but the quality and pace of work has been so varied over past 2 months, I have yet to get a grip over how to navigate this mediumThere is huge difference between working on a laptop and office system. Office systems, the sitting included, are extremely efficient and ergonomic that aids your performance, unlike the home laptop which actually slows down your work speedIt takes me an hour everyday to travel to work and same to come back. While I cri

If you are on salary, why are you not allowed to go home when your work is done?
If you are on salary, why are you not allowed to go home when your work is done? This is a question that comes up often in the minds of youngsters… The answer depends largely on the job being done. My mother (67) is a dispensing Pharmacist at a large retail pharmacy. She works Tuesday to Friday 9 hours a day, every alternate Monday for 9 hours, and every alternate weekend opposite to the Monday off day. The pharmacy has 2 shifts that overlap on weekdays so they can open their doors at 07:30 and close at 18:30 while not working their staff to death. My mom and her co-workers are all paid to work a  

There are some industries in which pay is by each product finished, or by a very well determined unit of work. Seems like an appealing model to me, because in theory it removes the time variable, so if you are capable enough to do your work fast, part of your reward is also more free time. Another model is payment/hour and could also help if workers consider their skills very valuable and so they can enter a market and choose to work for best paid jobs. Irony is that this model is mostly heard about either in low-status jobs like waiters (in US at least), or high-class jobs like lawyers. But sal 

It’s funny when I see questions regarding “classification” topics. Salary/hourly or 1099/W-2, people are uninformed on what these actually are. They are actually legal terms for how the employer/employee relationship is supposed to be managed, and how pay and time are supposed to work in this relationship to make sure everyone is on the same page. But many companies use salary to get extra free hours and many people try to use it to get out of working extra hours. An hourly employee, by law, is supposed to get paid overtime for every hour put in over 40 hours. A salaried employee will not get t 

The different between being a white collar or blue collar. In the USA, “White Collar” workers are exempt employees who are exempt from statuary minimum wage, overtime, and record keeping requirements as required by the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938. Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 - Wikipedia At that time, management employees are usually in white shirt with a tie while production workers are in blue overall uniforms. “Blue Collar” workers usually get pay by the hours worked. Workers get pay by the number of hours grinding away at the production line usually working forty hours per week. Be 

I used to think like this too. But imagine if it’s your company. Imagine if you hired someone for 40 hours a week of work and are paying them good money. Would you like it if the person you hired said it would take 50 hours to do your taxes, but finished it in 8 hours? Would you like to pay that person the agreed upon rate? I used to be this person: I would get hired to do a job as a Business Analyst. I’d set up “my tools.” I’d know where all of the financial information needed to do my job was. I’d automate my worksheets and reports. I’d write macros and SQL to pull in all of the information n 

I am a 25 years old IT professional from Bangalore. I used to ask this question a lot to my seniors during my college days and never got a satisfactory reply. After spending a couple of years in the industry, I can help you with the data-points that I have now. The companies usually pay their permanent employees for a fixed number of working hours, and not deliverables. So technically even if your deliverables are done but working hours are left, you are not entitled/supposed to go home as per your agreement. This arrangement depends totally on your relationship with your immediate manager. Jus 

The premise of this question is wrong. As a salaried worker, you have a particular job to accomplish, and you are expected to accomplish it, no matter how long it takes. In theory, if you can accomplish that job in two hours, then you can leave. However, if that is the case most of the time, expect the employer to expand your job responsibilities so that your work hours are closer to 40 per week. If it takes you two hours one day, but your weekly time to accomplish the job is around 40 hours, then your employer should not argue with you going home early. However, remember that you are working w 

You’re right, and that’s a really good question. The problem is that you agreed to work for a salary, leaving the amount of work to be done up to the person you agreed to work for. You didn’t discuss what “done” actually means, and they are taking advantage of that fact, as they ought to, being in the business of making a profit. There’s lots of people who are going to tell you things like “you’re expected to do what the employer tells you” but think about it like a contractor. If you were to agree to, let’s say, build a stone wall, you’d guess at how long it would take you, decide how much money 

I’ll retell a story but I don’t know to whom to credit it: A world famous motivational speaker was home one weekend and the toilet upstairs backed up and was overflowing, threatening to damage the beautiful home. A plumber was called and agreed to come immediately for a specific but relatively high fee. The speaker, desperate agreed to the fee. The plumber appeared and in 2 minutes solved the problem. The speaker distraught said “I’m a world famous motivational speaker and I don’t make anywhere near that hourly rate!”. The plumber retorted “When I was a world famous motivational speaker neither 

My take.. its not advantageous to the employer. Its gotta be a win win for corporate… Now my concept of Salaried might be flaw’d, but my understanding is salaried employees became a thing when work schedules varied. Some weeks you were needed 20 hours, some 60 hours. So by paying you for a solid 40 it all evened out (in theory). Now my cynical experience has been anything but that. My last job for instance was salaried for 40. But there was this unwritten rule (that was a steadfast company culture) that you were expected to work 45 hours. The reason being we billed our hours directly, so the com 

How can I learn skills for freelancing from home?
I'm a freelance writer and hence I can say that I qualify to answer this.  In the month of February, this year, I finally knew what I had to do next in my life. But how? I wasn't sure about that. I landed my first content writing internship through Internshala. I had been continuously trying to get one for the past one year but I couldn't back any. So, I considered myself lucky this time. I was a bit confused as to what I will really have to do. I knew how to write but working as a writer is something totally different. You don't get to write what your mind tells you, you have to write what your j 

You don’t need a bachelor’s degree or even graduate from college to become a freelancer. You don’t need that to get leads for your business. But, you do need a set of skills to offer as a service to your clients. Whether it’s coding, writing, or even data entry, you must learn how to do the job before you can offer your services. Read on to get you started how you can develop the right skill set that you can monetize as a freelancer. Start with YouTube Videos and Blogs Being the second largest search engine (Google being first of course), YouTube can be a great place to start learning about freelan 

Contrary to popular belief, “freelancing” is not just one big general lump of tasks. Just like office-based jobs, freelancing encompasses a wide variety of fields. Step 1 If you are trying to learn skills for freelancing, the most sensible thing to do would of course look for the specific kind of “freelancing” that you want to do. Are you going to be a content writer? A web developer? A virtual assistant? A sales agent? A customer service representative? There are so many freelancing opportunities out there, that it could feel like being in a buffet- so many tasty dishes! But which ones to try? D 

Learn 1 Of These 7 Freelancing Skills, And You’ll Never Be Without Money Again When it comes to developing new skills, some skills are more valuable than others.  While we all wish we could make money from home without actually putting in long hours, this often isn’t as easy as it sounds. Sometimes, we need to make some money straight away.  This is where freelancing shines.  Freelancing is one of the greatest businesses to start in 2019, because it’s so straightforward. You do work, and you get paid.  That’s it.  However, it does require you to actually have a marketable skill in the 

My teenager is making $200 dollars over the weekend on a freelancing job.  This is how it happened… A few days ago, he visited his doctor for a routine checkup. Over the normal doctor-patient conversation, his doctor mentioned she had a seminar coming next week and was needing help with digital marketing. “What do you need? Maybe I can help you with that, doctor!” She needed a short video to promote her event, setting up a ticketing online service and a PowerPoint presentation to be used during the seminar. As soon as he got out of his appointment, he called me and told me about this opportunity. “Da 

We have been working on Upwork as an agency since UpWork started. I have long years of experience working on Elance and Upwork so I can definitely help you. Freelancing skills are learnt by experience. The most important is your expertise in the field you want to freelance in. If you are a web developer you should have excellent skills in it. So if you have excellent skills in your field, next thing comes is how to get the work on any freelance site. So first thing is your profile. Your profile title and description should explain your expertise. When bidding on any project see the project descr 

Hello Dear, First of all thank you for asking a question is too much relevant on my track. Actually I am working as an Education Training Coordinator at Shikhbe Shobai Solutions which is an ITES firm where we are providing training on different skill development program. Our all the training program is based on Freelancing marketplaces. We have Graphic Design, Advance Graphic Design, Wed Design, Web Development, Digital Marketing, Android Apps Development, SEO and some other advance courses like Rubi on Rails, Python etc. Almost 2200+ students have completed their training on different courses  

To be honest you don’t need a bachelor’s degree or even graduate from college to become a freelancer. But you do need a set of skills to offer Whether it’s coding, writing, or even data entry, you must learn how to do the job before you can offer your services. I have friend, He’s a high school dropout. He didn’t have any fancy degrees or diplomas. Not even a college graduation. But, he had a hunger for learning Unlike other guys of his age who used the internet to find girls and waste time on Facebook, this guy used the internet to learn things. He downloaded eBooks, read articles, and follow 

Hi At some point or the other, we are forced to have an alternate source of income. Freelancing is a good way to keep that income flowing when you need it. Here is how I built my skills and did freelancing. The best part of freelancing is it doesn't matter if you are an IITan or an uneducated person; it's your skills that define you. The first thing I did was try out as many domains as possible. I drew, designed, sang, wrote and then finally settled on something I genuinely liked to do. Then I learnt from the best teacher in the world- Google and Youtube. These two helped me learn and explore th 

The first thing you need is motivation and passion to start learning. remember, learning has no shortcut, it’s a long way and needs consistency to learn and practise your knowledge. 1- First of all, be serious about it. Don’t think that you will achieve your dream in few days. You need to work hard, develop a daily of weekly schedule and manage proper and productive time for learning. 2- Hen think wisely, what you feel love to do. Whether it’s social media or customer support, fixing bugs or finding solutions etc. Choose one field, do I depth research that how can you sell your services in that f 

How do you keep focused when working from home?
I know what it's like and what you're going through. It's not all roses. It can be very lonely and despite what people think, a lot more than a few hours a day. There are and estimated 54+ million freelancers and millions of additional workers that work from home in the US. You're not alone and there are a lot of people in the same boat. I will outline 10 ways to ensure you stay focused, motivated and stop sabotaging your productive when working from home. 1. Use the rule of 52 and 17 We know that taking frequent breaks helps keep up motivation up and improve productivity. But a recent experiment 

16 Ways to Stay Focused When You’re Working from Home 1. Have a dedicated workspace. Whether you have a sprawling home office or a nook in your kitchen, it’s important to have a dedicated office. Even urban dwellers with limited square footage should carve out a spot that’s just for work. “A dedicated workspace is the most important element,” says Peter Vandendriesse, founder and CEO of Guest board – Plan Better Group Events. “It’s easy to sit with a laptop on your couch, but your posture and ergonomics won’t be right, and it’s often in close proximity to a TV, which is an obvious distraction. I  

Staying focused while working at home could be a challenge because there are so many distractions while you are working at home - for example, kids or noisy neighbours. Working from home means you are surrounded by distractions – both physically and digitally. Your home is often cluttered with personal belongings and memories, and being physically at home while you work can lead your brain to juggle work tasks and personal responsibilities.  9 Things To Do When You Can't Focus At Work - Here's a guide with some tips to help create your very own place of zen when working and a few simple steps th 

Extract and full article found here for those that are serious: Working From Home Top 10 Tips (What I Learned Over 10 Years) 1. Comfort &amp; Work Nexer Mix Well One of the biggest challenges in working from home is you feel too comfortable and there are way too many distractions from people to TV, Netflix and a lack of accountability. What I learned was to create in my mind was a map of my day and what I wanted to achieve and set a goal that would stretch me so that when I started working I would be on somewhat of a mission. This brought awareness that I had to work with focus and not the usual rel 

The more you can create structure at home is the best approach in my experience. There are many who advise doing the same things you would do when you go into the office - take a shower, get dressed, pack/make a lunch and ‘go’ an established space that is your home office. Personally, I like to be able to move around my home to various work areas depending on what kind of work I am doing - a conference call that requires focused attention, reading and reviewing work/presentations or creative work. My top three practices are: Set 3 priorities for the day on a sticky note and put on my workspace w

Working from home is simultaneously awesome and sucky, particularly if you’re easily distracted and have a lot going on in your home as I do. I currently have one University student, one Gr. 12 student, one Gr. 5 student all being educated virtually from our home. The other teen in this home attends part-time in person and has to be driven just to make things extra fun. My husband works from home, and I have a French Bulldog who is literally velcroed to my lap. Here’s how I’m making it work: Tip 1: Plan Your Day The NIGHT Before Blah, blah, blah…right?! You’ve heard this literally a MILLION times 

Since the question is about staying focused, I must say I experience a lack of focus irrespective of whether I am working from home or working at the office amongst my colleagues. In fact, when I work on my focus (I can get distracted very easily so I have to be deliberate about being focused on the task at hand), I get more done and I am more productive when I am working remote or when I am alone rather than when I am working amongst my colleagues. Over the last few years, working remotely, here are some of the practices that work for me. This is a recent practice (last 6 months) but one of the

Working from home can be a tricky beast. It’s cool because you have all the freedom you want - you can take breaks and do things just as you wish. But that is also its major downside. With all the freedom, it’s easy to fall into the trap of slacking off all day, just to sit there in the evening, realizing that you haven’t accomplished much at all and the pile of work in front of you has actually increased in size. However, there are 5 Ground Rules for making your work from home days a lot more productive. Pretend you’re going to an office in the morningImpose some discipline on yourself by pret

After working from home for around three months, I have come across five tips to greater productivity: Set a schedule: Make sure to start your day with a to-do list and set up a time frame within which you wish to accomplish your tasks.Take breaks every now and then: What my team and I have realised over the past many weeks is that our productivity boosts tremendously when we take breaks once every couple hours. Long stretches of work only leads to a more exhaustion and we opted a way to refill our juices by playing quizzes with team members on Slack. You can try out Trivia by Springworks to pl

 I would like to share my experience about how I successfully kept myself focused on working from home. I spent my late evening to complete my office work. Sometimes, I spent 12 hours sitting in front of the laptop, not performing productive instead, scrolling Facebook feeds, Linkedin or watching my favourite show on Netflix. The time flies and I wonder the sun has set and I haven’t completed my work yet. I was enjoying my full-time work from home. One morning, I called my colleague and asked about his work from home experience. “Not bad. It seems the productivity is getting low every passing day. 

Why is "work from home" not everybody's cup of tea?
THE biggest headache with working from home is that you really have no say on anything that really matters to the people you work for. So what exactly do I mean by this? Well honestly it is very simple, If your computer stops working where is your tech support? OH yes back where everyone else is, and back where most people need it to be honest. Phone problems, most UK phone companies don’t care that you could go bankrupt in just three days, or get fired for not presenting work on time. Have a phone line problem, and I think the fastest response guaranteed time is 2 days, some take a week!! That 

 There are a lot of pros when it comes to working from home. You get to save on gas rather than going back and forth from an office and then back home. You also get a more relaxed dress code when you are working from home. Some people even find working from home helps them better control their life schedule. Even though all of these sound beneficial, some people are just not in agreeance to working from home. There are multiple reasons why that is. Working 24-Hours While working at home, it can seem as if work never ends for some people. You may be receiving emails while you are off work and you  

When you work from home it is harder to separate work and personal activity. You have no co-workers that can see you looking at social media, or even doing laundry or house-cleaning instead of work. You also likely did not keep track of how much of your time you normally kept doing work items. How much time do we waste checking on things more often than we need? The equation changes when you are home. At work, there is no way you can drive home and take a nap when you are at home, you are already there, and taking that nap might happen, and may or may not matter. This reminds me of when an 8th- 

Most people, that I know, enjoy working at home. However, there are some that don’t. There are reasons that they don’t and let me attempt to list some examples below… when their jobs need constant contact with clients, and closing deals over the internet seems challenging and result in little success,when their children demand too much attention and their work are affected and disrupted,too much noise at home, due to children wanting attention, neighbors being too noisy, external construction sites working too loud…which make working at home very unpleasant,at home, most often, spouses are expec

I may not be “working” from home, but I am doing university from home so allow me to weigh in here. It's shit. How am I meant to concentrate with my bed right there? Especially since I know there's no “boss,” or in my case lecturer, to see me slacking off? Besides, my phone's buzzing, and I can start day-drinking if I get this stuff done tomorrow, can't I? Meanwhile, I've not left the flat in two days. There's no pubs to go to, all of my work is in my flat, and the sun goes down at 16:36 today. But at least I'm eating healthily, right? Well, no. You see, I do my work at the desk. My desk is 3 foot  

Some people, me included, get sick of never speaking to another human being. I live alone and then I work alone. My social life, such as it was, has diminished to almost nothing. I would rather go to an office and work than sit alone, some more, and work. Although I teach, remote teaching is not as much fun as face-to-face teaching. It is difficult if not impossible to read the students’ faces to find out if they are lost. Students are less likely to ask questions in class because they don’t know me or my teaching style. My son and his wife also work from home. They are both in IT. They have de 

You already got some good answers that hit on 3 key factors: Enjoying the social aspectNot having a functional home work situationWanting to keep work and home life separateAdditionally, for starters Many people need, many jobs need, the mentoring and training and teamwork that are hard to build or maintain in remote work.There is a loss of face time and bonding with people who can advance your career. I have read that research is already starting to show that work from home limits upward career mobility, especially among the groups that haven’t had any real mobility and the groups that are in t

I imagine that some people experience these issues: Work Space: Working at home not optimal due to disruptions, lack of space, poor Internet, not having the the proper equipment (laptop, connectivity, etc), plus the distraction of having “life” going on with family members also at home. Lack of Structure: Some people need the more formal environment of the office or work space to function adequately. They do not easily develop the self-discipline or work ethic required to work independently for a significant part or all of the workday. Work: You cannot effectively work from home in many customer- 

I can think of several reasons why employers, and even some employees, might not find working at home “their cup of tea.” One reason is that it depends on a relationship of trust between employer and employee. A few people might abuse the chance to work away from their supervisor and spend time browsing interesting websites or doing other non-related work activities. However, I think these same kinds of people are not going to be good workers even in the traditional office environment. Shirkers are adept at finding ways to avoid working in all kinds of situations, but we can say the remote offi 

Some of my friends can’t work from home because there are too many distractions from their kids to the refrigerator, their dog to video games, etc. Others simply need the structure of having to get out of bed, shave, shower, dress and get to the office on time. When they try to work from home, they often find themselves still in bed at 10:00 a.m. and have lost a good part of their work day. Simply put, some people can’t thrive working from home because we are not all disciplined enough to be self-starters. Some of us also need the social interaction offered by the workplace. From formal meeting 

How do you make money online as a student for free?
What does it feel like to work from home?
How do you mark the end of the work day when working from home?
Have you ever had a co-worker who smelled terrible? How was it handled?
I called in sick and a coworker caught me at a restaurant at lunch. I’m afraid that she will tell my boss. What should I do?
What should you do?You are hoping to escape the consequences of your poor decisions. I’m not going to take you there. This is from the perspective of someone who has managed thousands of people in my career and an example of how your boss might see you. Take it or leave it. So, what should you do? You should hope your coworker doesn’t tell your boss she saw you at lunch. This whole thing could blow over or it could become a real problem. I suggest you do not repeat these poor decisions again. The bottom line is that you called in sick from work. You didn’t say you were sick, you just called 

First off, I would say that for a co-worker to call another employee out for being seen at a restaurant would be a real douche move. I know that there are people like this… but I personally would avoid such toxic coworkers. If that person does report you, she faces as much risk in reporting you as you do in being reported. People dislike slackers… but they dislike snitches even more. In the future, be smart— not stupid. Avoid restaurants near work where coworkers are likely to go. Avoid posting about your great shopping trip on social media. Avoid racking up your 10k pedometer steps in your emp 

I know someone to whom this happened. The person asks for a 3 weeks holiday. Verbally immediate boss says ok.The person books flight tickets, the cheapest one and if cancelled, you get zero money back. Later during the actual formal approval process itself, Holiday gets rejected saying it should be 2 weeks rather than 3 weeks. The person reaches boss’ess boss. He repeats the same stuff that more than 2 weeks may not be approved and the person will have to plan things in 2 weeks. The sad person, re plans things for 2 weeks with loss of considerable money. Holiday time of 2 weeks. The person ret 

I could say something flippant like 'sick people have to eat too,' but then . . .. Who's to say better than you how your co-worker might handle the matter. After all, you tell us nothing of your restaurant visit but that you went to one and was caught presumably eating. You tell us nothing of the relationship with the co-worker. Is she one who would just love to get you in trouble because she's an evil or otherwise negative person. Would there be some reward or thrill for her in telling what you're afraid she might tell. My own experience tells me that I have reason to be able to understand yo 

I called in sick and a coworker caught me at a restaurant at lunch. I’m afraid that she will tell my boss. What should I do? This situation raises multiple issues, and it appears both of you have or will act wrongly. First of all, what were you doing at a restaurant after you called in sick? Did you call in sick so you could take a day off and not use a personal or leave day? That alone is wrong, in my opinion. Maybe there is more to your story you haven’t revealed which could excuse you for being in the restaurant. If so, please reveal it. In the meantime, your coworker spotted you at the restaur 

We're you genuinely sick and had a very very good reason for being in a restaurant? If so, then go explain to your boss directly so that there are no misunderstandings. I was really ill with some kind of respiratory virus on the final day of work before Christmas. The day after Christmas we were due to fly to Ireland for holidays and i needed to pick up a prescription. The pharmacy was on lunchbreak and i had to wait 40 mins. I was so ill that i could barely stand there in the cold for 1 more minute. As i shivered outside, a colleague on lunch break walked past, saw me and stopped, asked how i  

So, someone caught you in a lie, and now you’re afraid that your boss will find out that you lied? What you should do: Don’t lie. Period. (I know you know this.)Take whatever consequences occur as a result of lying to your boss. Don’t make up excuses (more lies). If your boss doesn’t hear about your lie or doesn’t care, count yourself fortunate, then review #1. Many bosses don’t care unless the fun-day absence delayed making deadlines.I will say this: I believe that we should be able to take “mental health days” when we are utterly stressed out and need a day or two to improve our psychological 

Calling in sick when not sick, is something almost every one has done atleast once in their career but what you did was sheer stupidity, you are plain lucky it was not your boss you ran into. 😂 Coming to your concern , I can assure you that in 99% of the cases your co worker would leak the information out. Now this could be due to lot of factors Unintentionally: Your co worker didn't realise you had called in and sightseeing you just comes out example “ hey I just went to restaurant and xyz was also having lunch there”Due to suprise : “ are you certain xyz is sick or had called in sick , I just 

I've also had similar happen and what they didnt know or care to find out was I really did have an appt after. When people start running their mouths about something they know nothing about, really is infuriating. This is regarding anything in life. If you overhear part of a story or see someone where you dont think they should be without really knowing them and then go run your mouth, sometimes you really will look stupid in the end or worse. This is why I dont play into gossip and such because you can ruin someone's life that way. It's a dangerous game. It also makes me angry when these thing 

This makes me angry as it's happened to me. I had scheduled sick days for a procedure. Nobody needed to know. Afterwards, I was famished after for not eating solids for over 24hours. My husband, who had to take the day off as i could not drive, took me to lunch. Co-worker saw me. I didn't care. I went back to work the next day and was called in to my bosses office. He said I was seen eating out and why didn't I use a PTO or vacation day if all I wanted was a day or two off with my husband? What???? I asked him to check the online HR system we had and his approval. I showed a note that I got stati 

Every day when I leave, my boss says, “Leaving already?” Today I replied, "I did my 8 hours" and he says “Well, you are salaried”. I do my work, don’t use my computer for anything other than work, and also work from home. What’s his deal?
I’ve read all the other answers and they are pretty spot on. But I wanted to share because I have 2 experiences that are relevant. My boss gave me shit similar to your boss. I was in a salaried position and always was there for 40 hours weekly, 8 hours a day. He was Always commenting about me leaving early or chiding my work ethic. During my 6 month review he brought to my attention that as an salaried employee i was supposed to work 40 hours a week. I said I do! He said “no, you work 35 sometimes 34 hours a week. You take daily lunch breaks of 45 minutes to an hour. You should be here for 9 ho

In my experience there is a type of employee that most bosses and usually other employees dislike. They are the “clock watchers" The ones that don't arrive until its exactly their time to begin, who go to lunch precisely at the same time, and leave on the dot. Why is this a problem? Well there's a different expectation when you have a salaried employee as opposed to an hourly one. You expect an employee paid by the hour to watch their hours. They are usually not eligible for the same perks as a salaried employee like vacation or bonus, and their insurance packages are often different if they exist  

Employment works differently in most places than the USA so I'll explain American Salary, first. A salaried worker is typically someone considered “exempt”. This tax status means that laws involving break requirements, maximum hours worked per week, and hour minimums are gone. In exchange, you get paid the same thing regardless of attendance. Sort of. In reality, you still have to put in at least one hour of work to be paid for that day. You still do not get paid for sick or personal days. You are also not guaranteed that you will get to work that week, and do not get overtime pay in any circumst 

When I worked at Intel we had just one attendance rule: you need to be at your desk by 9 am in case your manager needed to talk to you. Because we were salaried, we were literally told: “if you are on schedule for and/or have accomplished the goals agreed to with your manager, it was 100% OK if you disappeared right after that 9 am meeting time for the rest of the day.” YOU DID need to justify that situation if asked but most of us had estimated work loads well and set reasonable goals that aligned to the corporate goals so it was all good. Now Intel was and still is bizarrely well-managed unlik 

Forget about all the discussion about what “salaried" means. Basically, you need to have a good working relationship with your boss, i.e. communicate what you are working on, how you are progressing, whether you need any help, and to be proactive in getting things done. You are hired to help the boss accomplish the tasks his boss gave him before his deadline runs out, so that his boss can accomplish and deliver the tasks given him by his/her boss, and so on it goes up the totem pole. So, if all you do is quietly come in on time, do whatever is assigned to you, then leave as soon as time’s up, th 

His deal is that you're smart, you don't buy the “We're a TEAM!” gaslighting, and you have boundaries, and these three facts are terribly annoying to people trying to keep your wages at a pittance. Here is the grand fallacy of people who get mad when salaried employees watch their hours and leave after 8. (oddly enough, they don't seem to get mad when owners or managers do it ;) We are EMPLOYEES. We don't get shit for staying hours which we aren't paid for. There may be “No I in TEAM" but there certainly is an M and an E in TEAM and if the TEAM doesn't serve all its members then it's not really  

I work in IT and over the past 20 years I have alternated between full time and contract roles. I am asked in interviews and just in general which I prefer. The answer has changed to some degree in fact today they are very close. But one thing has remained constant, employers can exploit contractors a little more than full times except for one thing: hours worked per day. Contractors (really the agency they work for) bill by the hour and for long term contracts, they often have a contracted set of total hours based on a 37.5 or 40hr work week (which is also spelled out) any hours over that week 

(Long story but it has a point) I had a boss that routinely would wander in about 1 or 2pm and work until well after 10pm on whatever hot project he had. I typically was there at 8am and left at 5pm (taking an hour lunch) - often staying a little later depending on the project and if I was at a good stopping place or not. (I measured it for a while and I was averaging around 50 hours a week actual work hours). But from his perspective, I was only working 3 or 4 hours a day and I was never there when he wanted me to be. Now, I was working on an entirely different project from his current hot butto 

He's probably just miserable or saying it and not realizing the implications. OR there is a deeper consensus that you're not pulling your fair share. In the corporate world, salaried employees are always in a tricky position. I recommend to all my clients taking a strong stance of your working hours at the begining when you're hired. My clients don't work outside of standard hours unless there is an emergency. If you've put in your work, don't sweat it. Let the comment roll off your shoulders. The boss is trying to guilt trip you into working more in the office. Did you do your respective duties 

The question I answered was “Every day when I leave, my boss says, ‘leaving already?’ to which I replied to today as I did my 8 hours and he says ‘well you are salary’. I do my work, don’t use my computer for anything other than work, and also work from home. What’s his deal?” There are unreasonable bosses, and there are bad bosses. Other responses talk about different bosses, some of whom sound like they have real hangups. But based on the question as it was written, this one sounds like it’s on OP. Based on the question, OP is leaving work before boss *every* day, and this behavior is unusual  

What is the fastest way you've seen a co-worker get fired?
Short version: Guy who worked there for less than a week got fired for stealing another employee's debit card information. Long version: When I worked overnights at a Holiday gas station, we would constantly have issues with getting people hired. So whenever we did get someone, they were effectively deemed irreplaceable, at least until a replacement could be found. Case in point, one of the (many) people hired and fired during my time there lasted several months. He was caught several times on camera stealing cigarillos, various other tobacco products, and food. This went on for a few months. Th 

I did NOT necessarily see a co-worker get fired- but one suddenly disappeared without anyone being aware of what happened at first. Back when I was working as a night crew stocker at Albertson's- this guy almost 10 years older than me had been hired to take the place of an African-American who had recently quit (because that one almost got fired for sneaking upstairs and taking naps while on the clock). That new guy acted okay at first- and then he all of a sudden started being a real jerk. He would get really “smart alecky"- and even started to mouth off at me while we were working. I came in  

I have seen 4 in my life: Flirting with a female collegue. Manager didn't like that. Asked the female collegue to email him, on their personal relationship. (Your employer must know, if you have any personal relationship with another employee in the organisation). The girl writes that this guy clings onto her, tries to woo her, and annoys her. On the basis of the email, the guy gets fired on the grounds of sexual harassment. 2 year later, we discover, the manager and the lady is having an affair. In fact, she got H1B as well, but at US immigration she gave some absurd answer on her “purpose of 

I've seen not one but two co-workers getting fired. It was in 2018, I was working in a BPO company. The company had an OT policy that anyone who's logged into the system for 11 hours will be considered as 9 hours of regular work, OT for 2 hrs and would pay you for that. Let me tell you, you've to be logged into the system, not necessarily be working and no permission from Team leader or manager was required to do OT. Technically you've to be working in those 2hrs also but since permission was not required from anyone to stay after shift this became a loophole to earn OT money without doing wor 

Back in my previous organization, there was no concept of firing. There were multiple projects and if you performed badly, you were released from the project. One would have to wait to get a call from a different project. While many wishes to get a release from the worst projects, to some getting a release is equivalent to getting fired and they don't want that for obvious reasons.  There was only one team member in my previous organization who stayed with the project ever since its inception. All the other team members have joined the project mid-way and needless to say, his experience had made 

Hello going anonymous because I am sharing my friend's/colleague's story about how he got fired [which happened last week 23rd march 2020] The fastest way of getting fired? Let me tell you what had happened. Let's call him X, he posted a description on linkedin that he is looking for a new job because in his current profile he was facing Negative team leaders, poor leadership, toxic work environment, no growth no promotions and nepotism/favoritism in almost every activity.He wanted growth in his career: he was the fastest, most knowledgeable and best quality worker, he wanted a better work culture

A friend and I were hired to work in a warehouse. Frank loved beer, if he wasn’t drinking beer he was eating Valium to calm his nerves. It’s our first day, the boss is watching us like he was in a guard tower making sure the prisoners didn’t escape. Had a shrapnel stare - went right through you. We were doing fine except that Frank was at the water cooler every 30 minutes washing down a Valium. Boss comes running over and wants to know what’s going on. Frank shows him a prescription bottle of Valium. He’s 26 years old and seemingly healthy. The boss is incredulous. I know we ain’t gonna last t 

There was a coworker that just started but had prior manager experience so he was getting trained for manager after a sort of trial period. This was at a Dominos. He finished his training and was then a manager. I just got this odd vibe from him like he had this big fake smile but it felt like he hated everyone inside or had bad intentions. I tried to hide it but one day he came bustling in with his high energy fake enthusiasm and then looked at me and said “what, you don’t like me devin?” I tried so hard to have self control. All i could do was just stay silent and try to look at the ground s 

It was happened in December 2019. We all joined in Wipro and in our batch contains one high experienced person too.  He was very excited about Wipro and he asked us to click a picture of him in Wipro campus and he posted in each and every social media he had. We all supposed to attend a 15 days mandatory training and during those time we all became friends and we exchanged our numbers too. His whatsapp status at the end of the day would be one pic of him in the Wipro campus . I hope he impressed that girl from his whatsapp status. But after entering into the project this all had happened. Wipro has  

Back then it was my first job at Chennai Metro in the year 2012 with a Singapore consultant who had strict adherence to safety and quality policy and had zero tolerance. Then we had a colleague called Sadiq Ahmed who was from Bihar who worked with Riyadh Metro and joined our company as electrical engineer. Now this guy had a habit of praying to god every 3 hours once. Since it was a consulting company we had off from Friday afternoon to Sunday. So before we proceed to leave the location on fridays our whole crew would inspect the whole of tunnel in trolleys and close the safety audit reports f 

What’s the pettiest thing you’ve seen a co-worker do?
What did your boss ever say in the office that caused you to resign?
Ohhh, it was a combination of comments and events that snowballed into my fed-up final exit. Buckle up; it’s a long story and nobody is the good guy in the end, sadly not even the one telling it. Bad environments put people’s minds in bad places. It was a pretty toxic work environment anyway. I’d been there for seven years, hard working and loyal to the point of unhealthy obsession, and I was aware that I was being scapegoated, my personal life and a recent tragedy were all over the rumor mill, and I was being paid A LOT less than my coworkers, including men who held the same title as my own. Th 

There was never a one thing they said, usually I either need to move on as the job is getting more routine and find a more suitable option, or a few times it was a manager change. I cannot work for micromanagers so usually give them some time to see if it was only initial but if it carries one, then I go. It’s never one thing they say. However the most bizarre things were: why don’t you work as a builder or a cleaning lady, you are from Poland (I live in the UK and work in IT)disgust on my English boss’s face when she had to try some Polish food in Poland (trip to the Polish office) - these wer

My (at the time boyfriend) ex and I worked at the same company for many years, and were doing quite well, offered many opportunities to grow and be promoted together while starting our own team. We were promoted to move to another province to re-open a failed branch and become the Provincial Managers, where we had to hire and train a whole new staff. Which is still going strong to this day I might add. Nearing the end of our time there our co-owners (bosses) started being terrible to everyone. They would scream and berate you for the smallest things and put you down in front of everyone. There 

In 20 years of various corporations all around the world you hear people say… many things. None of them caused me to resign - I resign when I choose a better option, whatever than may be, not because someone says something. That’s on them, not on me. However, some of the “strangest” things were: Said towards her “non UK” direct reports in a meeting full of “UK people”, 5 years ago or so: “I don’t want to work with people who are not English and not born and bred in UK.” - ironically, said in a company owned by Chinese stakeholders, located in a different country than UK. Well… then maybe we shou

I hope you love your mom, have a wife or girlfriend, are a dad, have sisters, or daughters to perhaps have more sensitivity to this story. I was 23 and took a job as a head front desk person at a decent 3 -star hotel in a tourist area. It was called Nite Lite Inn. (It would have been on par with like a Best Western. We had had a recent problem with a tran trying to work the hotel to turn tricks so police were often there trying to catch "Fast Eddie." Yep, you get the story: a guy moving fast enough on drunk sailors from a nearby training station the guys weren't usually realizing in the dark tha 

What did your boss ever say in the office that caused you to resign? I started working for a spa without knowing or being told that the spa was in the process of being sold. The current owner in May 2012 was trying to sell it to someone who had a spa in another location and basically wanted to expand his business. He wanted the spa fully staffed and I was hired on as the spa receptionist, later to be called the spa coordinator by the new owner. He purchased between June and July of 2012 and essentially interviewed all service providers but didn’t interview me and wouldn’t talk to me about my pa 

I worked at a Big Orange home improvement warehouse. I did the inventory ordering for several departments; my position was called IMA (inventory management associate) and I had a IMA department head (my immediate boss) and the department head of the areas I ordered (boss adjacent… but not my supervisor). Then there are actual managers called supervisors… the top being the store manager. When orders are complete, I work the floor as an associate which is why the department head (DH) might be confused to think he is my boss. The DH wanted to use the forklift but did not want to use safety gates…  

My boss came into her new job hating me. I do not know why or even understood to this day her decision to dislike me but she did. I could handle that. My supervisor called me in to speak to me personally and told me that the new boss was going to have a meeting with me and he told me what she was going to say and do. For the first time in office, I cried. I had not done anything wrong. Other than I was doing too good a job and the lawyers were not pleased. I personally did not even know how to amend my ways other than to not do my job at all. My entire job was to review and ensure that lawyers 

I was hired by someone who really didn’t understand my space, but had that arrogant “Just do it and don’t give me any excuses” attitude. To compound the problem, they were asking for something that wasn’t possible without addressing a number of underlying organizational and cultural issues. To be fair, he was absolutely brilliant in his space and I truly admired the guy for his expertise. But he was a lousy manager and had the EQ of a rabid wolverine. The final straw was a conversation held over the phone on a Friday night from 800 miles away. Boss: “I don’t care. You need to do xyz. Are you goi 

What did your boss ever say in the office that caused you to resign? I worked as a supervisor in a VIP Services call center for a casino and had 2 admin assistants and a team of about 10–12 reps. My manager had been in her position for quite some time and went through supervisors and admins quite frequently because she made the job personal. She treated us all like her kids and would bake treats, decorate for every holiday, chastise us for little things in a very unprofessional way! Every shift I worked that she also worked, I would be pulled outside for at least 3 of HER smoke breaks (I don't s 

I called in sick and a coworker caught me at a restaurant at lunch. I’m afraid that she will tell my boss. What should I do?
What should you do?You are hoping to escape the consequences of your poor decisions. I’m not going to take you there. This is from the perspective of someone who has managed thousands of people in my career and an example of how your boss might see you. Take it or leave it. So, what should you do? You should hope your coworker doesn’t tell your boss she saw you at lunch. This whole thing could blow over or it could become a real problem. I suggest you do not repeat these poor decisions again. The bottom line is that you called in sick from work. You didn’t say you were sick, you just called 

First off, I would say that for a co-worker to call another employee out for being seen at a restaurant would be a real douche move. I know that there are people like this… but I personally would avoid such toxic coworkers. If that person does report you, she faces as much risk in reporting you as you do in being reported. People dislike slackers… but they dislike snitches even more. In the future, be smart— not stupid. Avoid restaurants near work where coworkers are likely to go. Avoid posting about your great shopping trip on social media. Avoid racking up your 10k pedometer steps in your emp 

I know someone to whom this happened. The person asks for a 3 weeks holiday. Verbally immediate boss says ok.The person books flight tickets, the cheapest one and if cancelled, you get zero money back. Later during the actual formal approval process itself, Holiday gets rejected saying it should be 2 weeks rather than 3 weeks. The person reaches boss’ess boss. He repeats the same stuff that more than 2 weeks may not be approved and the person will have to plan things in 2 weeks. The sad person, re plans things for 2 weeks with loss of considerable money. Holiday time of 2 weeks. The person ret 

I could say something flippant like 'sick people have to eat too,' but then . . .. Who's to say better than you how your co-worker might handle the matter. After all, you tell us nothing of your restaurant visit but that you went to one and was caught presumably eating. You tell us nothing of the relationship with the co-worker. Is she one who would just love to get you in trouble because she's an evil or otherwise negative person. Would there be some reward or thrill for her in telling what you're afraid she might tell. My own experience tells me that I have reason to be able to understand yo 

I called in sick and a coworker caught me at a restaurant at lunch. I’m afraid that she will tell my boss. What should I do? This situation raises multiple issues, and it appears both of you have or will act wrongly. First of all, what were you doing at a restaurant after you called in sick? Did you call in sick so you could take a day off and not use a personal or leave day? That alone is wrong, in my opinion. Maybe there is more to your story you haven’t revealed which could excuse you for being in the restaurant. If so, please reveal it. In the meantime, your coworker spotted you at the restaur 

We're you genuinely sick and had a very very good reason for being in a restaurant? If so, then go explain to your boss directly so that there are no misunderstandings. I was really ill with some kind of respiratory virus on the final day of work before Christmas. The day after Christmas we were due to fly to Ireland for holidays and i needed to pick up a prescription. The pharmacy was on lunchbreak and i had to wait 40 mins. I was so ill that i could barely stand there in the cold for 1 more minute. As i shivered outside, a colleague on lunch break walked past, saw me and stopped, asked how i  

So, someone caught you in a lie, and now you’re afraid that your boss will find out that you lied? What you should do: Don’t lie. Period. (I know you know this.)Take whatever consequences occur as a result of lying to your boss. Don’t make up excuses (more lies). If your boss doesn’t hear about your lie or doesn’t care, count yourself fortunate, then review #1. Many bosses don’t care unless the fun-day absence delayed making deadlines.I will say this: I believe that we should be able to take “mental health days” when we are utterly stressed out and need a day or two to improve our psychological 

Calling in sick when not sick, is something almost every one has done atleast once in their career but what you did was sheer stupidity, you are plain lucky it was not your boss you ran into. 😂 Coming to your concern , I can assure you that in 99% of the cases your co worker would leak the information out. Now this could be due to lot of factors Unintentionally: Your co worker didn't realise you had called in and sightseeing you just comes out example “ hey I just went to restaurant and xyz was also having lunch there”Due to suprise : “ are you certain xyz is sick or had called in sick , I just 

I've also had similar happen and what they didnt know or care to find out was I really did have an appt after. When people start running their mouths about something they know nothing about, really is infuriating. This is regarding anything in life. If you overhear part of a story or see someone where you dont think they should be without really knowing them and then go run your mouth, sometimes you really will look stupid in the end or worse. This is why I dont play into gossip and such because you can ruin someone's life that way. It's a dangerous game. It also makes me angry when these thing 

This makes me angry as it's happened to me. I had scheduled sick days for a procedure. Nobody needed to know. Afterwards, I was famished after for not eating solids for over 24hours. My husband, who had to take the day off as i could not drive, took me to lunch. Co-worker saw me. I didn't care. I went back to work the next day and was called in to my bosses office. He said I was seen eating out and why didn't I use a PTO or vacation day if all I wanted was a day or two off with my husband? What???? I asked him to check the online HR system we had and his approval. I showed a note that I got stati 

How do you handle an employee having a breakdown in the workplace?
Have you ever seen a workplace bully picking the wrong target? What happened?
Yes I have, and I was the victim and my boss was the bully. I was in my early thirties and had just left a job working for the factory Porsche/ Audi racing team. I parted under friendly circumstances, as I had just recently become married and all the travel was becoming quite a strain on my marriage. Having worked at dealerships for years, I did not want to get back into the cutthroat office politics of dealership life. So I took a job at a private repair shop, and with my knowledge and skills, it did not take long for the shop owner to start taking on highly technical and specialized repairs o 

Edited to clarify I’m not homophobic (two paragraphs down): I am excited to be able to share this story. I swear every word of this is true. I SO wish that digital cameras had existed back then. I do still keep in touch with a couple of people who could verify. In the 80s I had a boss (high tech firm) who demanded everyone follow the Dress for Success/Woman’s Dress for Success books. The boss, whom I’ll call Sue, even once sent her secretary home for not wearing a “proper” blouse with her skirted suit. One man in our office, Duke, was gay. Everyone knew it. He displayed stereotypical gay body lan 

A little history. I grew up as a foster child, with one crazy, violent foster Mother. Special needs kids back in the 1960's weren't adopted. My twin and I were passed around in a number of foster homes until we landed in a Minister's family. Preacher's wife, “Mommy Dearest's" EVIL sister. My sister and I have a rare genetic abnormally called oculocutaneous albinism. White hair, white skin, and purple/red eyes, depending on the lighting in a given environment. Now, when you grow up the way I did, you had better be intelligent, quick witted, funny, strong willed, keenly aware of people's intent/mo 

Yes, and the wrong target he picked on was me. About a year and a half ago, my car broke down and I had no choice but to take the bus. I hated it and prayed I would soon save up enough money to get my car fixed. There is a bus stop in front of the hospital where I work, and I had to sprint out there to catch the bus on time every night. I would wait on the curb so I could look down the street and see if the bus was coming. When I saw a car jump the curb a few yards away and run up on the sidewalk, I started standing on the sidewalk closer to the bench where it was safer. As I was waiting, another 

Funny story. I was fourteen or fifteen at the time, maybe a bit younger. Part of my education involved wandering over to the shop after school and playing “gopher” and clean up guy for the techs. So I cleaned shop equipment and generally tidied up the place. I was wiping down one of the air hoses and hanging it back up on its spot on the wall. Its normal for techs to leave these things out. A new technician, who had not been using the hose, really jumped on me and began telling me that under no circumstance was I to touch his stuff. I understand that concept but this hose is part of the shop, h 

I worked as a babysitter and had a little business making custom pinatas for birthday parties when I was 12 and up, but got a part-time job at a Taco Bell when I was 16. I really wanted to work in the kitchen, but at that time (mid-1970s) only males were hired for those positions. The manager had me do clean-up jobs after the store closed, and would often stand there chatting at me while I did them. One night the male fry-cook also came to stand and stare at me while I was on my knees wiping down the nooks that held supplies (napkins, utensils, etc). They started verbally ganging up on me. I s 

I was working in a pet store/ grooming and boarding shop in DC as a teenager. Most of the employees were black (except me, an Italian guy, and a Honduran lady) and to most of us, this was not even on the radar as an issue. A young guy, maybe a year older than myself, was hired on and frequently expressed his pride at being from Compton, and his dislike of me. He would kinda playfully intimidate and harass me, mentioning how “white guys" would crumble and bleed everywhere so easily by a simple punch to the nose (we are, afterall, human), and other apparent deficits of being white. He stood a goo 

I wasn't there but I surely wish that I was. I left the family electrical business nearly 40 years ago, leaving it to my brothers-in-law to run. Back in those days, there was no “management;” we all worked, or we didn't make money and didn’t get paid. Consequently, there was never any doubt among any of us when employees were trying to pull the wool over our eyes. My brother in law, who now runs the business, often has a time test for applicants. Simple electrical functions that anyone should be able to do, and only take a certain amount of time, perhaps something like wiring an electrical swit 

I experienced this. I worked in an office doing data entry, we did hundred of entries a day. Our input generated punch cards (I’m old), which were run overnight. If you miskeyed a number, it could have pretty dramatic effect, but you wouldn’t know until the next day. Correcting the entry meant generation of another punch card, so the correction wouldn’t take place until that night. Humans occasionally make errors.  There was a higher lever person who was a bully. If someone botched an entry, she would drive to our office, and go ballistic on whomever did it. In some cases, she would upset them  

I WAS THE WRONG TARGET So this was my first job. I was 16 and working at KFC and Taco Bell, they were both in the same complex connected. Now, this environment was very peaceful, quiet, and sometimes it got busy but nothing tooooooo big of a deal. Around two months of using my summer to work there, the most popular girl in the whole school, 18 years old, came in. She had a job there! I was like okay….maybe she will be nice to me. She was a pretty petty and mean girl so like I was worried but I shrugged it off, no big deal! When she saw me, she gave me a smirk, not a good sign but I just smiled. A 

What language do you use to diplomatically stop co-workers and the boss from calling multiple times about workplace issues when on vacation?
Boy what a great question. What has worked for me in the past is the following: I used to work for an international firm, where I was overseas about 8.5 hours ahead and around the world from the home office. It happened that Friday was our only day off during each week. The rest of the week, we were on essentially 12 hour days (we got paid pretty well and had no living expenses). It was a large project with a tight deadline and we all knew what we signed up for, so there was little grumbling about the schedule. When I took over, I let everyone who worked for me know that I played by big boy rul 

What language do you use to diplomatically stop co-workers and the boss from calling multiple times about workplace issues when on vacation? This is a very sensitive topic, and unless people know the specifics of your role in the organization, nobody’s answer will apply 100% for your specific situation. For example, if you manage people and is responsible for their delivery and they need your input for completing work or need your approval for proceeding with something etc., you cannot get away from that responsibility just because you are in vacation. Either you plan ahead and designated a dele 

I see a few responses mostly coming from the upper echelon of the Corp. world but here is an answer from the ppl “in the trenches” so to say whose employees might not be knowledgeable to proper manners when their “bosses” are on vacation through no fault of their own. I do believe at certain levels mainly mine and above you should be avail to your employees UNLESS you put a structure in place. So it’s not really verbiage so to say as more how it is presented. When I was agm or an assistant I would always tell my depts to call me on vacation. Mostly because I did things my way and I felt like I 

A vacation is not a vacation if you are available to your employer in any way. Fortunately, my coworkers and managers have never tried to pull this on me. I simply don’t give out my home or cellphone numbers at work. When I’m working, I can be contacted through work email, IM, or my office phone, or by someone walking to my desk. That’s it. I work from home some days. If someone asks if they can phone me, I get their number and phone them instead. If my job required that I have a cellphone, I would have a separate one dedicated to work and turn it off all the time I was on vacation, as well as a 

Back in the pre-cell phone days, I had one supervisor that was worried he’d not be able to contact me personally while on vacation, so he wanted a contact number. I was going to be at sea in my sail boat for three weeks. He really, really wanted a contact number, so I gave him the ship to shore contact method, so he could reach me via his phone to my radio. I also told him how much it would cost per minute. He never called. In fact, he never called me when on vacation ever again. In the early days of cell phones, my co-worker returned from a most pleasant hunting trip, to find our director two  

Before I started my own business I worked for a family owned heavy construction company. Over 4 years I took a few long weekends off. No vacations. Plus I worked every Saturday at least until noon. The owner was a good man and treated me well. I maintained his equipment to the best of my ability and my crews made money for him and he knew it. His son on the other hand was fairly entitled and arrogant. The son never worked in the field. Never learned a skill or went to college. When his dreams of being a rock and roll sculpture artist faded his dad gave him a job. Not just a job but vice presid 

Q: What language do you use to diplomatically stop co-workers and the boss from calling multiple times about workplace issues when on vacation? A: What language? Why sir I use the language spelled out in my labor contract to get paid. About 8 years ago I was a team lead at Boeing. I worked 2nd shift from 2:30pm until 11:00pm. We got a new manager. One of the jobs of the manager is to report production status to their manger who works day shift - from 5:00am until 1:30pm. This manager didn’t know a damn thing about airplane production and couldn’t talk his production status to his supervisor. So, 

In my husband’s previous job the only way I could get him to not take phone calls when on vacation was to take him on a cruise. He couldn’t exactly jump overboard to head to work. As long as he was employed at that job he always got calls, there was always an emergency, and he was always going to get called in. It was only a matter of how many hours or days into said vacation before that happened. If we were local it was pretty much a given that he’d drop everything we had planned or were doing and disappear back to work. One example is that in 2015 we took off a week’s vacation to move. We had  

I used to get calls at home on my days off. Never once were those calls about urgent matters that only I could deal with – they were things like “Do you know if X has been ordered?” or “Do you have the code/spare key/phone number for…?” The person calling could have got what they wanted from someone else at work or looked for it in the office, but they decided to phone me instead. I tried being nice about it, but the calls kept coming. Prefacing the calls with “Hi, sorry to disturb you, but...” didn't change the fact that they were still making them and interrupting my day. Having that happen  

Diplo-what? I had a manager who, after my first day, called me at 9pm to ask about a detail which I’d already reported in person. I informed him that if he needed me to send written reports so he could check them I’d do so but that Calling People At Home is not acceptable unless the Factory Is Burning Down, and in that case only to tell them not to come in, they will be informed when it’s ok to do so. Turns out nobody had taught him that. I also taught him such basic things as how to detect that he was low-sugar and needed to eat something (he was hyperactive, low-sugar switched him from “pinball 

If you are the boss and one of your employees calls in the morning and says that they "didn't feel good" when they woke up that morning so they're taking a sick day, would you accept that excuse as given or would you probe for a more detailed answer?
What ignorant thing did a retail employee say that made you walk out of the store without buying a single item?
It was Christmas and a zoo at this popular mall in Central Gothenberg. I had an armful of gifts to bring back home I wanted to buy, and tried to stand in line to pay. I say tried because there was no discernable line, everyone kind of pressed themselves closer and closer to the register and at the register, there were at least 6 customers bellied up to the counter. I was slowly making my way towards the register as each person who completed their purchase squeezed their way back out, the crush would fill the void and everyone somehow got slowly closer. I was one person behind the register when 

I like to collect watches but I’m not wealthy so I mostly have older watches, new unknown watches and a few broken watches I’ve picked up repairs and wear once they are working again. So I’m in a fancy watch shop in the shopping area of a fancy Las Vegas resort. I’m dressed as the ordinary middle class guy that I am but happen to be wearing one of my favorite watches. One which I picked up online as an AS-IS because it was broken. I bought it for $30 bucks. Immediately searched out the Swiss manufacturer and sent it off to see what it would cost to repair it. Another $150 buck later and I find m 

We walked out alright—and were chased by the owner yelling “Who SENT YOU?” This was in the town of Molivos on the north side of the Greek island Lesvos in mid-May, 1989. It was just before tourist season really picked up, so not many foreigners were out and about the night we wandered into the shop. Though full of the usual tourist stuff (worry beads, crockery, T-shirts), everything was more artisan-style and expensive. A man chatting with two women over by the cash register greeted us. We looked around a bit. Hubby and the man began chatting in Greek. The women joined in their conversation (Hub 

I’ve always aspired to be able to walk into Victoria’s Secret and buy one of their gorgeous bras. I love lingerie, and if I wasn’t going to school for design and cognitive science, I’d want to be a fashion designer who specializes in lingerie. Heck, my first date with my first girlfriend was in a Victoria’s Secret… Hold it right there, this isn’t *that* kind of story. In fact that first date was cute and awkwards as hell- we walked loops around the mall for 3 hours, never letting go of each other's hands, unless our palms got too sweaty. It’s pretty obvious that I love lingerie, but the sad part 

This happened a few years ago. I was celebrating a milestone in my life and wanted to get something nice for myself. I went to a jewelry store to see if there's a nice piece I could take home with me - for the right price. I love jewelry, and I love browsing at stores. So I went in and the sales staff have been courteous and accommodating. There was a nice set of ruby earrings and pendant that caught my eye. The earrings looked like this:  Photo credit to Dignity Jewelry And the pendant looked similar to this:  Photo credit to Stargems Pattaya Whenever I buy jewelry, I always ask the origin of the gems 

I live in the UK. Like so many I watched the events of the 9/11 unfold, as horrified as all, but with no family over in America I felt (as did many, I’m sure) relieved to be unscathed. Still, the death toll, they were saying in the early hours of assessing the damage and loss of life was said to be possibly over ten thousand. That number altered with every news bulletin as more information became clear.That day I had my car in for a service and had my son in his pushchair while we waited. Pretty much everyone over a certain age, over most of the world, you could ask “Where were you then?” and  

It happened when I was moving home to a new bungalow, I thought well new house new stuff, so I did not take anything like the cooker washing machine fridge etc, no I'm buying new, so off I went to Curry's to check it out, pounced on by a cocky salesman, with the “ile tell you what to buy attitude" then he started I've got one of these at home, so I let him prattle on for a while and picked a nice gas cooker, eye level grill and all that, it was ok for me anyway, he tried on several occasions to get me to buy another more expensive model, but no I want that one, then the washing machine, he want 

When I was 18 years old and still attending high school I walked into a small old fashioned tea and gift boutique that I rather liked with it’s romantic Victorian style in my neighourhood where they had lots of items that I wanted to look at, especially the tea pots and boxes of various teas. It was very busy and popular Saturday and as I walked in some nasty ancient old witch who could easily justify why euthenasia should be legalized, yelled at me, “If you’ve come to steal anything I’ll call the police but if you’ve come to shop then be warned I’ll be watching you and much of our items are e 

I needed a new mouse for my computer. Not just any mouse, but a wired mouse that was very accurate in order to work with a particular photo editing program. My regular mouse had a bit of a delay and was not working the way I needed it to. Well, the first store I went to was out of stock so I had to drive across town to another store and I found the type of mouse I was looking for. It just happened to be be on a Saturday night less than 1 hour before the store was due to close. As a result the staff was busy putting the new price tags up for the Sunday ad that started the next morning. After fin 

Back in 1998 my hi-fi amplifier needed changing so I went out and bought one from a UK manufacturer whose products I had previously heard and admired. On the first night of ownership I was listening through my headphones when I heard the noise of an electrical arc which co-incided with my father switching on a light in a downstairs room. I could hear every flash as the fluorescent tube started up. I could even hear our neighbours switching their lights on and off. My parent’s home had quite old wiring at the time so I took the amplifier to work and plugged it in on the electrical test bench. Thi 

What's something on an employee's first day that sets off red flags?
Can you describe a time that your company only discovered that you were irreplaceable after they fired you? How did you feel? What did they do?
I used to work for a small English training school in Hebei province, China. I wasn’t fired, but I learned while visiting my family in the US that my boss was intending to discontinue my contract after I returned. This was problematic, not only because I would be out of a job, but because, as an English teacher in China, I have a work visa and resident permit that would expire if my job contract wasn’t renewed or replaced. Also, I would only have one month left on my contract after returning from vacation, so I strongly suspected that my boss was hoping to use that desperation as leverage agai 

Well, not irreplaceable, but they did struggle after I left. Loads of Schadenfreude from my side. I used to work alone at the hotel reception on weekends, national holidays and when the boss and his sister, who shared their shifts during the week went on holidays. So, during the weekends I was the only one responsible for a hotel of 20 rooms. The first year it was alright with only a few minor issues, but those should have already told me that something was amiss. I had to be at the reception from 07:00 in the morning until 1pm in the afternoon. After that I had to be on call. Check-Out and Check 

Whatever job I’ve had since I left school I’ve given it 101% effort. Maybe not my first job or second job quite has much, but thereafter absolutely. I always tried to make myself indispensable, that way, I would be the last to be made redundant if it came to it. I started work in my third job at 18 working in a warehouse, but through hard work and people leaving the company, I was made in charge of the warehouse after just 3 years. I also had just one person to work with from 4 when I joined. So I had made the job for two people instead of four and I give it my all. Unfortunately though, the bu 

“Can you describe a time that your company only discovered that you were irreplaceable after they fired you? How did you feel? What did they do?” Well…. I encountered such.I was “the old one” in their architecture office. Me the first one which they associated hired (and who staid). Hereover in France there is a strong wall between architects and enginiers. Architects think that enginiers are good for nothing, just for to trouble them, for to hinder architects to make their beautiful work, their fabulous concepts, their magnificient projects.Well,sometimes some rare architects can grasp that 

Not irreplaceable just useful. I was freelancing for a defence company and my three month rolling contact was about to end, time to negotiate an extension, well that’s your agent’s job. Except mine didn’t so I had to. No problem the project is half way through and the client is happy with me. I negotiate a fair (to both parties) rate for a three month extension. I had a long weekend booked for a romantic trip to Paris at the end of the contract and explain to my agent that he needs to bring the new contract in for signing on the Friday. The romantic weekend was a disaster, I got food poisoning 

In 1988 I started working for a small electronics manufacturer. My childhood friend Gary worked there where his dad Johnny was a VP. Johnny was an asshole but he could see I was clean cut, respectable and a hard worker. I started out counting parts, moving pallets, and doing dumpster duty, I worked for a horrendous annoying bitch named Donna. She was about the most nasally, passive aggressive drama queen I had ever met. She made my life a living hell, but I needed the job. $4.85 per hour was almost 30% over minimum wage. So I put up with her crazy ass. This company had 30 employees and I was at  

How my boss realized I was irreplaceable: After leaving my previous job because my employers were dishonest, I found a new job as a purchaser for a real estate developer. We would find run-down houses to buy and then the developer would send work crews to rehabilitate the properties and then he would rent or re-sell them. My new boss had already hired a purchaser a few days before, but he decided to take a chance on me as well, hoping he could double his inflow of real estate. My new co-worker and I started work on the same day. My boss worked out of his home and there were 2 desks to choose from 

Maybe it would be nice to hear where a company DID realise you were valuable … I was working as a software developer for a large telecom company. Generally I didn’t have a huge amount to do, but occasionally I did - and there were no other software folk around. The company had written a truly awful call centre system (back in head office, in the UK - we were in Australia), and were trying to sell it. I looked at it, and came to the conclusion it was so awful, it was irrecoverable. (They eventually withdrew it from sale). So I thought, as a side project, I would write another from scratch, using m 

Hahaha something like that happened to me long ago. So, back then working in the IT world I joined a firm as a sort of an SME (subject matter expert). Their previous SME had left and they had tried to use the internal staff from the mainframe world to replace him. Needless to say, the mainframe guys were clueless about this new system and the previous SME was pretty much inaccessible. Further, the previous guy was a bit of a cowboy programmer and the system was a mish-mash of all sorts of technologies and what not. The system was breaking every day, clients were furious and they were going cra 

Well, I wasn’t fired. However, I found out that I was about to be replaced by a former employee, who was going to get paid $10k more annually and who was going to have fewer responsibilities. Needless to say I could see I was not valued. At that time I was working in a bakery that provided bread to about 150 local restaurants. We were a niche bakery that could provide these places with custom sizes of items, or proprietary recipes. I held numerous positions over the three years I was there. I had managed day and night shifts, managed production, filled in as a delivery driver, and so on; workin 

What ignorant thing did a retail employee say that made you walk out of the store without buying a single item?
What ignorant thing did a retail employee say that made you walk out of the store without buying a single item?
It was Christmas and a zoo at this popular mall in Central Gothenberg. I had an armful of gifts to bring back home I wanted to buy, and tried to stand in line to pay. I say tried because there was no discernable line, everyone kind of pressed themselves closer and closer to the register and at the register, there were at least 6 customers bellied up to the counter. I was slowly making my way towards the register as each person who completed their purchase squeezed their way back out, the crush would fill the void and everyone somehow got slowly closer. I was one person behind the register when 

I like to collect watches but I’m not wealthy so I mostly have older watches, new unknown watches and a few broken watches I’ve picked up repairs and wear once they are working again. So I’m in a fancy watch shop in the shopping area of a fancy Las Vegas resort. I’m dressed as the ordinary middle class guy that I am but happen to be wearing one of my favorite watches. One which I picked up online as an AS-IS because it was broken. I bought it for $30 bucks. Immediately searched out the Swiss manufacturer and sent it off to see what it would cost to repair it. Another $150 buck later and I find m 

We walked out alright—and were chased by the owner yelling “Who SENT YOU?” This was in the town of Molivos on the north side of the Greek island Lesvos in mid-May, 1989. It was just before tourist season really picked up, so not many foreigners were out and about the night we wandered into the shop. Though full of the usual tourist stuff (worry beads, crockery, T-shirts), everything was more artisan-style and expensive. A man chatting with two women over by the cash register greeted us. We looked around a bit. Hubby and the man began chatting in Greek. The women joined in their conversation (Hub 

I’ve always aspired to be able to walk into Victoria’s Secret and buy one of their gorgeous bras. I love lingerie, and if I wasn’t going to school for design and cognitive science, I’d want to be a fashion designer who specializes in lingerie. Heck, my first date with my first girlfriend was in a Victoria’s Secret… Hold it right there, this isn’t *that* kind of story. In fact that first date was cute and awkwards as hell- we walked loops around the mall for 3 hours, never letting go of each other's hands, unless our palms got too sweaty. It’s pretty obvious that I love lingerie, but the sad part 

This happened a few years ago. I was celebrating a milestone in my life and wanted to get something nice for myself. I went to a jewelry store to see if there's a nice piece I could take home with me - for the right price. I love jewelry, and I love browsing at stores. So I went in and the sales staff have been courteous and accommodating. There was a nice set of ruby earrings and pendant that caught my eye. The earrings looked like this:  Photo credit to Dignity Jewelry And the pendant looked similar to this:  Photo credit to Stargems Pattaya Whenever I buy jewelry, I always ask the origin of the gems 

I live in the UK. Like so many I watched the events of the 9/11 unfold, as horrified as all, but with no family over in America I felt (as did many, I’m sure) relieved to be unscathed. Still, the death toll, they were saying in the early hours of assessing the damage and loss of life was said to be possibly over ten thousand. That number altered with every news bulletin as more information became clear.That day I had my car in for a service and had my son in his pushchair while we waited. Pretty much everyone over a certain age, over most of the world, you could ask “Where were you then?” and  

It happened when I was moving home to a new bungalow, I thought well new house new stuff, so I did not take anything like the cooker washing machine fridge etc, no I'm buying new, so off I went to Curry's to check it out, pounced on by a cocky salesman, with the “ile tell you what to buy attitude" then he started I've got one of these at home, so I let him prattle on for a while and picked a nice gas cooker, eye level grill and all that, it was ok for me anyway, he tried on several occasions to get me to buy another more expensive model, but no I want that one, then the washing machine, he want 

When I was 18 years old and still attending high school I walked into a small old fashioned tea and gift boutique that I rather liked with it’s romantic Victorian style in my neighourhood where they had lots of items that I wanted to look at, especially the tea pots and boxes of various teas. It was very busy and popular Saturday and as I walked in some nasty ancient old witch who could easily justify why euthenasia should be legalized, yelled at me, “If you’ve come to steal anything I’ll call the police but if you’ve come to shop then be warned I’ll be watching you and much of our items are e 

I needed a new mouse for my computer. Not just any mouse, but a wired mouse that was very accurate in order to work with a particular photo editing program. My regular mouse had a bit of a delay and was not working the way I needed it to. Well, the first store I went to was out of stock so I had to drive across town to another store and I found the type of mouse I was looking for. It just happened to be be on a Saturday night less than 1 hour before the store was due to close. As a result the staff was busy putting the new price tags up for the Sunday ad that started the next morning. After fin 

Back in 1998 my hi-fi amplifier needed changing so I went out and bought one from a UK manufacturer whose products I had previously heard and admired. On the first night of ownership I was listening through my headphones when I heard the noise of an electrical arc which co-incided with my father switching on a light in a downstairs room. I could hear every flash as the fluorescent tube started up. I could even hear our neighbours switching their lights on and off. My parent’s home had quite old wiring at the time so I took the amplifier to work and plugged it in on the electrical test bench. Thi 

How do you handle an employee having a breakdown in the workplace?
If an employee gives a 2 year resignation notice and not a 2 weeks notice, what should the company do?
In 2006 I informed my boss that I and my girlfriend were in far planning stage of emigration to another country, but that the actual emigration was still roughly two years ahead.I know how hard it is to find good staff in my specific area of work, recruitment can take more than a year to fill a gap. This extremely early notice allowed us to focus on training other staff in my domain of expertise, as well as making sure I could finish as many projects as can reasonably done in that time frame to move the business ahead.It also allowed me to openly explore the job market in the other country an 

If an employee gives a 2 year resignation notice and not a 2 weeks notice, what should the company do? I’ve had this happen and there’s always been a specific reason behind the long and specific notice period such as retirement, going back to school, or relocating after a spouse or partner is finishing grad school or some sort of medical residency. It’s never been something like “I figure that in August of 2021 I’m going to be looking for a new job for shits and giggles.” I’ve thanked them for letting me know and told them that as we get closer to that date we’ll figure out a more specific plan  

On two occasions now, I’ve given a rather lengthy (in time) early notice of my intention to retire. (Yes, I’ve retired twice now.) [Want to make one point clear though. It was done verbally, directly to my manager. The written notice wasn’t sent until one month prior to the end date. You’ll see why below.] I am/was at a pretty high level and interact with many different groups on many different projects. The two main reasons for doing this was, One, in a large company, at each annual review cycle, a manager is usually given an allotment of salary increase and stock bonuses commensurate with his  

This is an interesting question. I have never witnessed such a scenario, nor have I heard of it. Does this happen often, and if so, in which industry? Why would an employee give their boss a two-year resignation notice when they could work 23 months without telling anyone they were going to quit? At the beginning of the 24th month, they could tender their resignation. As I am trying to wrap my mind around unfamiliar territory here, my immediate response is the person in question either isn’t very bright, or they think too highly of themselves. Depending on the company, they could be an internal 

I was with a local, “family owned” company for 14 years, promoted several times over the years to senior manager of customer service, consistently received excellent performance reviews, consistently received positive feedback from my superiors, peers and subordinates, consistently achieved success on the job, even in areas where others had failed, and constantly praised by my immediate supervisors. I inherited back issues from dad. In 2006 I needed surgery and bounced back with no issues. In the summer of 2016, I needed a similar surgery. While I was on leave, the owners put a son-in-law in ch 

I had a similar situation. I was an expert with a rather unique combination of skills that were critical to the company for which I worked. I wanted to retire in a year or so, and talked to my boss about it. He suggested that we hire a junior person to work alongside me, so that I could train them to be my replacement, and so they could also help relieve at least part of my 65–70 hrs/wk workload. I was very excited at the prospect of training someone to take over for me, and the workload reduction sounded great as well. I nominated two different people inside the company who had excellent backg 

When I left my last job in April of 2018, I provided my notice during December of the year prior. I’d made the decision, and it was the right decision, but I really loved where I worked and had (and still have) close relationships with my peers there. So, wanting to minimise disruption, I gave 4 months’ notice. That was supposed to be enough time for them to hire a replacement, get them in, and let me hand the team over to them. It also meant we could wrap up all of the major projects we had in flight and not leave someone drowning in a ocean not of their own making. Of course being a giant Amer 

I was shopping for rice at a store and ran into the church people. I was a kid and perhaps not socially mature. They said they’d like to visit my parents. I agreed because they were adults and they should know how to conduct things. We came to our house together. We lived in an apartment then. When we arrived, I buzzed our unit. My sister picked up the intercom and I said it was me—the way how I’d usually say. And in we went. Suddenly, I felt that I did something wrong. But I didn’t really know how to clarify my intuition. When we got to our door, my dad was in his pyjamas. They saw one another 

3 years before leaving my last employer before retiring at age 67, I told my employer I was fiscally able to retire then from my electronics engineering position. I had no more financial need to work anymore. But I liked the work and it was enjoyable. They hired two people for me to train to replace me. They made the mistake of hiring one person with a commute from hell and the other one a new graduate whose father owned an instrumentation company. The commute from hell guy found a job with an easy commute 6 months later. The other one, after a year decided that taking over the family firm look 

Two years may be too long, but it can happen. Imagine A and B worked together 8 years. First in a team of 3, but for most of the time only the two of them. Then company changed structure and A is made team leader with B as the only element of the team. For a couple of years that worked. B even started a master's degree in a field he had applied for at that company. Then the company decided to reshuffle and A goes to a team and B to another. It is January and B tells A he is planning to have a career shift as soon as the degree is over. There is no hierarchical relation, but they still work clos 

How would you handle an employee who refuses to attend company parties?
Actually, the last company I worked for before going solo had this kind of thing. I don’t mind party, but sometimes in the weekday I got pretty tired after a day handling complains and thinking my way out of buggy codes. So the company I worked for was a family-managed company. Every single year, the lady owner would celebrate her birthday… And it would the single nightmare for some of us. Her “birthday party” was not lavish, no, it was far from that. It was more likely an independence day celebration in Indonesia. You got to be picked up by your department for doing something (fun) but stupid. 

Speaking as an HR I can tell you that unless “attending corporate events" is written in the job description that the employee has signed and unless you pay it as overtime (because it's outside of regular working hours), you have no grounds whatsoever to force them to go or to “handle" anything or anyone. Speaking as an employee who never attends corporate events, I'll give you an example from my own experience of what can happen if you do force someone. I was compelled to attend a corporate Christmas ball once. Didn't end well. I'm an introvert and in my previous company my supervisor was an ext 

My reply to this is on why people do not want to attend company functions. Let me start with saying that many people have the attitude I do. It is a job and only that. I am paid for my experience, skills abilities and expertise in my chosen field (Telecommunications). I am paid for the time I am there and only that. After working with the same people all day long, some people want a break from the people they work with and would prefer to spend their free time (which can be quite limited) with friends and/or family. Also there are quite a few people (myself included) that are very selective with  

I had a discussion with some of my coworkers who were venting out their frustration over parties. Company parties are considered as a platform for employees to like each other. “66 percent of managers say showing up at the party is expected”,(PR Newswire). Its an unsaid rule that almost every employee feels liable to follow. Generally, company parties are hosted after work hours, which means they are voluntary. The main goal of the event is to help the employees, so why not give them a choice? In my opinion, there shouldn’t be a need to handle an employee who refuses to attend the parties.  Here a 

 The other answers are terrific. But they are also predictable. My company doesn’t own me.I have a life outside work.I want work-life balance.I work to live. Not live to work.blah blah blah yada yada yada Average workers are 100% predictable in their “populist” responses!  But consider this question from the perspective of a Boss: Top Performers = Excellent Work + Strong Motivation Average Performers = Excellent Work + Lukewarm Motivation Below Average = Poor Work + Strong Motivation Low Performers = Poor Work + Poor Motivation  Top 20% Performers do not need a Boss. They are self-starters. Just give them

Years ago now I was appointed general manager of a large automotive and general engineering works in the UK. It was a bit of a mess, riddled with trade union disputes, and barely struggling along with continual interference from its accountants and shareholders. As I had to I instituted reforms that initially didn't go down well at all. No more multiple trade unions -- only one union rep, but the unions could decide who that should be and seek my approval. If approved, that rep would sit in on works management meetings as the representative and voice of the workforce. No more of all the variou 

Okay, let’s assume that I’m at the top of the Org chart of my own company, and it is my decision on how to “handle” employees.  (Image credit: Shakhawat Shamim at Comfort Design; DesignCrowd) In this scenario, I have an employee that doesn’t want to attend company parties, even though they are paid for by the company. And I need to parse how to handle that eventuality, and how to address that employee going forward. So how would I handle it? I wouldn’t give a damn. Not a single fuck is given. My job as a CEO/Chairman is to build the most efficient company possible, and for it to be profitable follow 

Most people seem to be answering this with speculation as to why the employee may not be attending; I’m going to take a slightly different route with this answer. I am “one of those people” who generally refuse to attend company parties so will give a slightly different spin on the answer and it will be why I refuse to attend. In general I could be considered a very private person, I keep to myself and try not to bother other people. During my late teens and twenties I also struggled with agoraphobia and it took until my late twenties before I overcame it. I may come off as unsociable but it is 

Oh I just may be an expert on this. This explains why, the answer follows. As a kid I filled oxygen cylinders with a guy we will call Wallus. If Wallus was rolling a cylinder across the dock and the clock struck 5:00 he stopped right where he was, walked off the dock and went home. Night after night I’d end up cleaning up and locking the place up by myself. In no time I got sick of that and one evening when he froze at 5 I lit into him with “Hey A$$#@@% what makes you think I should clean up after you every night?” He never missed a beat. He said “You do that cause you’re young and stupid. We used 

Before I was doing ‘gig economy’ stuff, I was that employee who refused to attend company parties… or anything with the word ‘mandatory’ in it. Telling me I HAD to be somewhere, where I was expected to drink alcohol, eat food, and be in a room full of noisy people always got my hackles up. I don’t like alcohol. Other people’s food scares me. And rooms full of people are things that I avoid like the plague — you know plagues are contagious, right? You couldn’t pay me to attend a party. Matthew T. Waterhouse's answer to When a supervisor tells you a meeting is mandatory what do you do? I suggested t 

What was the nail in the coffin for an employee or a co-worker?
In large organizations, no matter how many highly competent employees there are, some incompetent ones manage to sneak their way in and somehow manage to stay. There was one woman in our unit. I’ll call her Ms X. My coworkers and myself could never figure out exactly what her job was since she was always off on her phone making personal calls. But while we weren’t supervised by her (thank goodness), she had seniority to us. I suspect our manager only kept her on because, the way red tape works in large organizations, getting rid of her would probably result in a cut to our unit’s budget. Althoug 

The nail in the coffin for one of my co-workers was when she was no longer allowed to smoke her “coffin nails” in her office, or anywhere in any Hughes Aircraft building. Rockie French (no, that is not a made-up name) was the only person I’ve ever known who would routinely and regularly have three cigarettes lit at one time. She’d have one that was a smoldering butt in the ashtray that she’d pick up to suck on until it was burned down to the filter; the one that she had in her mouth, that she’d take out to get the last drag out of the one in the ashtray; and then the one she’d light up as the b 

There was an unfortunate situation where the management didn’t focus on one division because it didn’t make money. There were eventually three employees in the division. Employee One was spectacular at the job and had a flexible personality. Employee Two was spectacular at the job, but had a chip on their shoulder making it difficult to address a concern immediately because this employee would get so defensive when they were corrected. Word choices allowed Employee One and Employee Two to get along because Employee One legitimately admired the work talents of Employee Two. Employee Three was hire 

At one point I co-owned a laboratory where we did food testing. We had an employee, Floyd, who was kind of like a Great Dane puppy: big, young, eager, and prone to unfortunate errors. We had a huge job come in. We were part of a nation-wide group testing for the presence of a particular pesticide in fruit juice. It was a single-blind study, so we didn't know which samples were contaminated, but the originators of the study did. After a week of 16-hour shifts and complete exhaustion setting in, we completed the study on time and proudly submitted our results. About one week later, my phone was ri 

Oh my… several come to mind. Here is my biggest POS termination He was a skinny little POS. A cock sure braggart that thought he was the envy of the female species. He was always doing things, saying things, things that made the ladies on the unit feel uncomfortable but never going one inch over the line that I could fire him. HR was a little hesitant to allow me to terminate him for sexual harassment because the words he used could be taken in several different meanings. I gave him horrible evaluations, all well deserved, thinking he would ask for a transfer to another units open positions, bu 

Many years ago I worked for a startup software company that was developing a website. They were recruiting anyone they could get their hands on, often without paying too much attention to actual skill levels. This was in 2001 so the site was built using ASP - something I'd never used before. So I opened the books, got onto Yahoo (or whatever else was around before Google) and built a prototype to demonstrate to the customer. It was rough - and contained all my mistakes and misunderstandings - but as it was throwaway I didn't worry too much. The customer liked the workflow and structure though an 

I once had a coworker who tried to Single White Female me. She had been hired as my replacement when I got promoted. She was obsessed with being just like me and having everything I had. I was blind to this at the time. The last job I was promoted into I ended up hating. It was strictly a desk position and as an extrovert, it was a really bad fit. I was growing increasingly depressed but never showed it. Outwardly, I was very cheerful and bubbly. The girl, Crystal* was very envious of my position and my life. She started to say how my position was her dream job and she could see herself doing it  

A giant vibrating machine. Ok, this is going to be somewhat…sexual in nature, so don't say I didn't warn you. At work, we have this de-burring machine. It vibrates metal parts quite intensely, to get metal burrs and extra material off the parts. I'll see if I can find any pics or videos of it.   Well, I've got a video, but I guess we can't post videos any more. Anywho, it vibrates really…um…strongly. So, there was this girl, who was a temp worker, 22 years old. She would go out at lunch and get high, which isn't a big deal, since 80% of the workers there get high at lunch. The problem was, there is 

A cherry-chocolate cupcake. In the mid 70s, I worked for Bill, a 25-year veteran of an international insurance company. He had started at the bottom, but had initiated and run a program for gas station owners that brought in millions. While Bill had clients that had one station, he also had those who owned 20–30 stations. Many of the bigger owners had started in the oil fields, made a lot of money and had invested in gas stations and garages and become very rich. They liked Bill; he listened to them, gave them good deals and would have a beer with them sometimes. They trusted him. He had come fro 

When you work with many people in a company for a long time you are bound to come across some real losers. One in particular stands out because he got away with so much. His name is Dwayne. He was an experienced server in the restaurant I started at and he was a Certified Trainer. He trained me when I started in 2003. Countless times he called out other servers for falling behind and he made fun of them, that they couldn’t do their job right. He belittled them for his own entertainment. He boasted about how he routinely made $50 off large parties on weekends. He acted like he could do this at w 

What career path isn't for softies?
Call Center Representative  Look at all those smiles. People working to solve people’s problems, it’s so fulfilling, right? Can’t wait to dive back onto the floor to help someone with their problems! Sounds awesome at first, but that’s just the marketing hoopla they feed you to hook you in to the world of HELL. Here’s the truth about working as a call center agent in customer service. You work 9 hour shifts with breaks like everyone else. Unlike other careers where there’s usually some downtime available throughout the shift to take a breather, in call centers you are pretty much working those full

Public School Teaching. While the misperception that it is a cushy job is fairly common, nothing could be further from the truth. Almost every other job with the same educational requirements as teaching pays considerably more.The supposed “summers off” are generally spent putting your house back together as you did not have time to do much to it throughout the school year, working a summer job, and spent on professional development or other training which is required to keep your license and often costs you money.Between staff meetings, special ed meetings, department meetings, meetings with pa

Forensic Scientist/Crime Scene investigator I recall a young girl telling that she wanted to go into forensics, but she also stated that she would faint at the sight of blood, including her own, and wanted to avoid it. Hmm, I said there is absolutely no way you can go into forensics and learn all the tricks of the trade to investigate homicides if you can’t handle the site of your own blood! I said unless you go into a hard science like chemistry or biology, but that’s not what she wanted. I also advised her that she can eventually specialize in something such as ballistics, document examinatio 

Human Resources. I know how most people don’t think of HR as a tough field. And yes, a lot of functions within it aren’t hard on the nerves (perhaps most actually). But some decidedly are. My sister is a senior HR executive with over a decade of experience. There was a point during the financial crisis at the end of the last decade when people were getting fired from the jobs left right and center, that she found it really hard. And I’ll give you a couple of actual cases to show you what I mean. Case A - This middle-aged guy was told that he was being laid off. Now the firm used to have a large com 

Thanks for the A2A, Sean Kernan, although given your stellar answer and your dad’s work, I doubt I can think of anything that’d qualify by your standards. I am, alas, a “softie” at least in the physical sense. Oh, sure, I did my time out in the fields and greenhouses as a teen, but most of my work since then has been a lot harder on my brain than on my body. And even things that are mentally challenging initially become easier once you’ve done them for a while, so I wouldn’t say my current job isn’t for “softies” — though it certainly isn’t for everyone; jobs I’ve done in the past have left me w 

 Tenure track Professor Three to five years of University degreeMaster’s degree of one to two years.PhD of three to seven years.Occasionally, A Post Doctoral study of variable time usually one to three years.Then you land a tenure track Position (Not so easy as it seems these days!)You don’t relax yet! You have a limited time, usually six years, to become tenured. After a certain period, your performance is up for review. You work super hard by doing research coupled with teaching duties. Then you get promoted to an Associate Professor role then after a period, usually four years, you become a ful 

There are a lot of career paths that are not for softies. (Thanks for the A2A Sean Kernan ) Rather than going into the actual jobs let’s focus on the characteristics that make them difficult. You don’t need all of these characteristics but the degree of them matters. And some people are softies in one characteristic and rock hard in another. But first let’s define softie. Just because someone gets sad, or cries doesn’t make them soft. It’s the lack of resilience and not being able to get back into it that makes someone soft. Many jobs can be tailored for someone who is soft. It’s more important  

Every career choice is different, with pros and cons added to it. Three career options call for serious mental strength. Let's take a look here:  Consulting: One of my close friends worked in two leading consulting companies, Deloitte and PwC, and I can honestly claim that the position of consultant, whether a technology consultant or a management consultant, is not straightforward. Why? Why? Since you're still in front of your customer, and any single minute you have to deal with a new technology or business challenge. The worst thing is that when you have to send the customer a demo of the sof

This is a picture of a Facebook moderation center in Berlin.  At the first glimpse, you might think something along the lines of “Oh, it’s just people sitting on a desk working with computers. Boring. Nothing different from my average 9 to 5 workday at my office.” But if you really want to get a small glimpse of what being a Facebook moderator is like, just ask these employees. Trust me, you don’t ever want to be one. That career path is not for softies. It’s where traumatizing material is basically a job. People who work there sit at a computer and view some of the most horrible things online which 

Owning a business.  I don’t care how instagram portrays the lifestyle of entrepreneurship, or how incredible people online make it seem. Owning and operating a real business is one of the most challenging career paths an individual can possibly choose. Whether you provide a service or sell a product, your customers depend on you night and day. If any of your clients encounters an issue, you, the business owner, will be tasked with alleviating whatever problem it is they’ve confronted. It’s 7:30 AM on a Saturday morning, and you’ve had a little too much to drink the night before? Yeah well it’s brig 

What glamorized career path is actually a complete nightmare?
Academia We tend to associate academia with images of leisurely professors looking out windows contemplating the world in pursuit of the truth. It is a lie. In real life, they're most likely considering jumping out that window to find out what life is out there away from this hell hole. Just kidding ;) Only ~2% of PhD graduates eventually become permanent faculty,[1] and that’s if they are extremely lucky or brilliant or have the clout of the right people, often the combination of all three.   Even if they join the professoriate, it’s still an extremely risky and competitive career with more drudger 

Not a complete nightmare, but not as glamorized as most people would have thought it would be. Flight Attendants. The general consensus has it that a trolley dolley’s life is filled with travel perks, men chasing after them, pretty young girls, a jet-setter’s life, promiscuous behaviours display, amazing layovers and the list would go on and on. I signed up for that life back in 2013. I thought to myself, how hard can it be if the minimum requirements is high school diploma? Wish I could go back in time and knock some sense into my former self. The three months (approximately 12 weeks) training was 

Careers. Whipper-snappers that can barely crawl out of seagull infested beaches before swimming into shark infested waters think, they want to be an astronaut or a teacher or some other high-affluent job without realizing one important truth. Someone needs to pay you. Monetization is the only damn thing that matters in this world. Without enough money, no matter what job you have, it is a nightmare. Kids, house, bills, expenses, accidents, you name it, the quality of your life is determined by how much money you have in relation to how many responsibilities you accept. This is the most fundamental  

When I graduated Business School, I was wondering what to do next. I had been in corporate banking before School, but most of my graduating classmates were either heading into investment banking or management consulting. Both careers appeared incredibly lucrative. I decided to explore further. I realized fairly quickly that Investment Banking wasn’t for me. The work didn’t seem that exciting and seemed more geared towards testing people’s grit and endurance than anything else. Banking Associates proudly told me time and again how they had to cancel weekend family commitments and vacations becaus 

SAP (or ERP) Consulting Background Bit of background won’t hurt. There was a time (circa 1990 - 2000) when SAP consultant was a glamorous and the perceived ultimate-platinum-level of IT related job. I’m using SAP as the focal point because like it or not, during those era SAP is the de facto market leader. I don’t think the same thing can be said in today context but that is a totally different topic. Back then if you were a freelancer, you ends up rejecting job offers and had privilege to choose the most lucrative offer. If you worked in consulting firm, you wouldn’t have lots of time to enjoy y 

Anything connected to high finance… stock brokers, investment banking, the whole thing. In major finance shops (Goldman Sachs being the promised land far away in the haze), there are maybe a handful of positions in the highest of tiers (usually Associate, Junior Partner, Partner, Voting Partner and the unreachable Name On Lobby Wall Partner). But first you need to get your career up and running. Spend months trying to get a job at sleazeball boiler room “firms". Work there for a year cold calling seniors and homebound invalids, extracting what little money they have to eat and fill prescriptions  

Some of these answers are just silly—you’d think being a doctor, accountant or lawyer is a terrible job that no one would ever choose if they knew better. The reality will always be more prosaic than in the movies, of course. But professional jobs generally pay much better, and have higher job satisfaction, than most low skill jobs. A professional job usually—not always, but more often than not—allows people to escape from poverty, and poverty sucks. People who complain about their jobs should see what it’s like to not be able to pay your bills; afford medical care; live in warm and comfortabl 

Software Developer I think people know there is nothing glamorous about the job, but the money is legendary. It’s the money, baby. That makes up for everything else. And what else does anyone know about software developers? They can break triple-DES in 60 seconds while getting a blow job. They can hack into any government agency. They’re young and hip and skinny, and they look great in their blue jeans and pullover. It used to be that you had to earn a bachelor’s degree from an accredited university to be a software engineer, but everyone younger than you, dear reader, knows that you can attend  

Graphic Designer here. I wouldn't call any career path a nightmare but, I worked once for 3 hours straight trying to get a curve in the logo to a client's satisfaction.There's ALWAYS someone better than you. It isn't like accounts where you're done when the Balance Sheet tallies. Someone will always be out there who's more creative than you and that sometimes takes a toll on your motivation.I constantly have my ideas questioned by people who half the time don't know what they want in the first place.Many times all I've had to do is cut and paste images (which I have to painstakingly search and w

 Being a YouTuber/Let’s player. Did you know that these people spend somewhere around 4–8 hours for an average video? That’s how long edits take. 90% of a YouTubers career is video editing. Only 10% is spent in front of the camera actually recording content. On top of that the average YouTuber takes 2 years of daily uploads to reach a subscriber count that sustains a living. If you enjoy editing, this is obviously not a nightmare for you, but most people are not aware of this when they get into it and then it seems like a nightmare to them. Producing quality content takes a tremendous amount of effo 

What career path isn't for softies?
Call Center Representative  Look at all those smiles. People working to solve people’s problems, it’s so fulfilling, right? Can’t wait to dive back onto the floor to help someone with their problems! Sounds awesome at first, but that’s just the marketing hoopla they feed you to hook you in to the world of HELL. Here’s the truth about working as a call center agent in customer service. You work 9 hour shifts with breaks like everyone else. Unlike other careers where there’s usually some downtime available throughout the shift to take a breather, in call centers you are pretty much working those full

Public School Teaching. While the misperception that it is a cushy job is fairly common, nothing could be further from the truth. Almost every other job with the same educational requirements as teaching pays considerably more.The supposed “summers off” are generally spent putting your house back together as you did not have time to do much to it throughout the school year, working a summer job, and spent on professional development or other training which is required to keep your license and often costs you money.Between staff meetings, special ed meetings, department meetings, meetings with pa

Forensic Scientist/Crime Scene investigator I recall a young girl telling that she wanted to go into forensics, but she also stated that she would faint at the sight of blood, including her own, and wanted to avoid it. Hmm, I said there is absolutely no way you can go into forensics and learn all the tricks of the trade to investigate homicides if you can’t handle the site of your own blood! I said unless you go into a hard science like chemistry or biology, but that’s not what she wanted. I also advised her that she can eventually specialize in something such as ballistics, document examinatio 

Human Resources. I know how most people don’t think of HR as a tough field. And yes, a lot of functions within it aren’t hard on the nerves (perhaps most actually). But some decidedly are. My sister is a senior HR executive with over a decade of experience. There was a point during the financial crisis at the end of the last decade when people were getting fired from the jobs left right and center, that she found it really hard. And I’ll give you a couple of actual cases to show you what I mean. Case A - This middle-aged guy was told that he was being laid off. Now the firm used to have a large com 

Thanks for the A2A, Sean Kernan, although given your stellar answer and your dad’s work, I doubt I can think of anything that’d qualify by your standards. I am, alas, a “softie” at least in the physical sense. Oh, sure, I did my time out in the fields and greenhouses as a teen, but most of my work since then has been a lot harder on my brain than on my body. And even things that are mentally challenging initially become easier once you’ve done them for a while, so I wouldn’t say my current job isn’t for “softies” — though it certainly isn’t for everyone; jobs I’ve done in the past have left me w 

 Tenure track Professor Three to five years of University degreeMaster’s degree of one to two years.PhD of three to seven years.Occasionally, A Post Doctoral study of variable time usually one to three years.Then you land a tenure track Position (Not so easy as it seems these days!)You don’t relax yet! You have a limited time, usually six years, to become tenured. After a certain period, your performance is up for review. You work super hard by doing research coupled with teaching duties. Then you get promoted to an Associate Professor role then after a period, usually four years, you become a ful 

There are a lot of career paths that are not for softies. (Thanks for the A2A Sean Kernan ) Rather than going into the actual jobs let’s focus on the characteristics that make them difficult. You don’t need all of these characteristics but the degree of them matters. And some people are softies in one characteristic and rock hard in another. But first let’s define softie. Just because someone gets sad, or cries doesn’t make them soft. It’s the lack of resilience and not being able to get back into it that makes someone soft. Many jobs can be tailored for someone who is soft. It’s more important  

Every career choice is different, with pros and cons added to it. Three career options call for serious mental strength. Let's take a look here:  Consulting: One of my close friends worked in two leading consulting companies, Deloitte and PwC, and I can honestly claim that the position of consultant, whether a technology consultant or a management consultant, is not straightforward. Why? Why? Since you're still in front of your customer, and any single minute you have to deal with a new technology or business challenge. The worst thing is that when you have to send the customer a demo of the sof

This is a picture of a Facebook moderation center in Berlin.  At the first glimpse, you might think something along the lines of “Oh, it’s just people sitting on a desk working with computers. Boring. Nothing different from my average 9 to 5 workday at my office.” But if you really want to get a small glimpse of what being a Facebook moderator is like, just ask these employees. Trust me, you don’t ever want to be one. That career path is not for softies. It’s where traumatizing material is basically a job. People who work there sit at a computer and view some of the most horrible things online which 

Owning a business.  I don’t care how instagram portrays the lifestyle of entrepreneurship, or how incredible people online make it seem. Owning and operating a real business is one of the most challenging career paths an individual can possibly choose. Whether you provide a service or sell a product, your customers depend on you night and day. If any of your clients encounters an issue, you, the business owner, will be tasked with alleviating whatever problem it is they’ve confronted. It’s 7:30 AM on a Saturday morning, and you’ve had a little too much to drink the night before? Yeah well it’s brig 

What has been your best career decision(s)?
To become a Certified Scrum Trainer. As I started to develop skills in agile practices like Scrum, I looked into becoming a CST and quickly dismissed it. It was a bit of a private club, and a boy’s club at that. You needed to know someone who knew Ken (Schwaber, co-founder of Scrum) to get in because the acceptance process was so subjective. Pretty much no one got in on the first try and sometimes people got kicked out because Ken “got mad at them.” Luckily, while presenting at a conference, I met a nice lady named Katie Playfair and, after watching me present, approached me about becoming a CST 

Taking a year-long break to recharge. About 3 years after college, I was exactly where I’d hoped it be- almost 3 years into a great job and earning well. Everybody was awesome- the team I worked with, my boss, teams I consulted for, my friends. I had good benefits and plenty of opportunities to grow at work and plenty to do outside of work. And I was severely depressed, stressed and burned out. I was unhappier than I have ever been and confused, because everything I worked for and wanted had happen and was continuing to happen. It’s such a gift and I’m so privileged and yet hated my life. I wan 

Hello, Good question, because I had a lot of interesting career moves. Let’s get a little recap of my life to see what happened as it they all were interesting to me. It was 1972. I was around 9 years old at the time. Born of two dissimilar cultures, and being the fruit of two lives strictly opposed to one another, I had grown up from a young age in an era where the cold war, since the early 60’s, was in its first eruption, and in an empire called back then, the USSR. Since the day I was born I had lived in the companionship of horses, and during the first part of my childhood, I had grown up in  

August 26, 2008. This was a day before my 19th birthday. Me and my mom had an arguement the night before. She told me she can't help me with my studies anymore. My younger brother is also in college, and my youngest sibling was spending his HS in a private school. Luckily, I wasn't paying high tuition fees on my University. I saw a job posted in one of the canteen's glass door outside my University. And this was where I started. I was hired as an Assistant Auditor to Globe Telecoms that time. I was still in college. I work at daytime and go to school at night. Was having my BSBA that time. This l

The best career decision I've made was when I left my 9-year stable job with a television company to pursue my dreams of becoming a chef. One day I told my manager that I was no longer happy and handed him my resignation letter. It was bittersweet because I used to love that job. It became a part of my life for over a decade, my comfort zone, indeed. I've made a family out of the amazing people I've worked with through the years but at the same time, I was excited and somewhat anxious to finally move on and break free from my norm. So I left, took my early retirement package and into the unknown 

I was about 30 years old and had a very long resume filled with dozens of minimum wage jobs or barely more that minimum wage. I worked at retail stores, I did deliveries, i tried a few times to start my own business but did not have a lot of success. My best year at that point had earned me around $25k (not very good in Southern California in the mid 2000’s). I also had very little in the way of useful schooling. I could not afford to attend a four year college so I settled for a 2 year degree in science and then several years later another two year degree in journalism. Somehow, I got married, 

OK Before telling BEST decision I will share my background… I’m 28 now, Mechanical engg…Indian guy working in Pune now… I was not placed in campus placement through college..as there was recession going on and companies were not hiring that much…2010–2011 period…Just FYI my engg aggregate was 65% But i wanted to enter design field so joined CAD courses in Pune and Institute where i did cad course said that they have 100% placement..I was tension free…I thought after 2 months of course i will have job in my hand…But after course completion they said there are no job openings for design so cant hel 

Taking a risk of leaving a nice well paying government job at the start of my career. I graduated with a BSc in Mechanical Engineering in Dec 2003. As was customary then amongst my peers, never to say no to your first job, I appeared in recruitment process of a job advertised by a public defense sector company and got selected after a very competitive process. Started working on advanced weapon systems. This was very exciting and thrilling research related work. And the project I was working on was quite strategic (Satellite Launch Vehicle) and at a very young age got an experience to work and s 

2007, I was sitting on my couch in my brand new apartment in Rotterdam. It was a rainy night in November and I was wondering what my life would be like now that I had my first own place, a stable pretty well-paid job as Distribution Centre Manager and a brand new company car. All at the age of 26. The Phone Rang… CEO of the Netherlands for the company I worked at on the other side: “ Hi Leon, how are you?” She said. “ Well very good! I’ve just moved into the apartment which I have been refurbishing for the past 11 months” I replied. “ I see, well Leon I got an offer for you”. My heart instantly p 

I think my most exciting, experience was when I decided that I don’t want to be a designer anymore. It isn’t not literally I don’t want to use design software or explore about the field, but I just realised I am more interested into the research and big scope behind the visual itself. I took my B.A in Visual Communication Design back in 2001 because I felt that this field is my whole interest. I was a teenager and realised that I am creative, love to draw, so Graphic Design might be something I was looking for. But then when I was in my dissertation, I was so drown into research, marketing analy 

What has been your best career decision(s)?
To become a Certified Scrum Trainer. As I started to develop skills in agile practices like Scrum, I looked into becoming a CST and quickly dismissed it. It was a bit of a private club, and a boy’s club at that. You needed to know someone who knew Ken (Schwaber, co-founder of Scrum) to get in because the acceptance process was so subjective. Pretty much no one got in on the first try and sometimes people got kicked out because Ken “got mad at them.” Luckily, while presenting at a conference, I met a nice lady named Katie Playfair and, after watching me present, approached me about becoming a CST 

Taking a year-long break to recharge. About 3 years after college, I was exactly where I’d hoped it be- almost 3 years into a great job and earning well. Everybody was awesome- the team I worked with, my boss, teams I consulted for, my friends. I had good benefits and plenty of opportunities to grow at work and plenty to do outside of work. And I was severely depressed, stressed and burned out. I was unhappier than I have ever been and confused, because everything I worked for and wanted had happen and was continuing to happen. It’s such a gift and I’m so privileged and yet hated my life. I wan 

Hello, Good question, because I had a lot of interesting career moves. Let’s get a little recap of my life to see what happened as it they all were interesting to me. It was 1972. I was around 9 years old at the time. Born of two dissimilar cultures, and being the fruit of two lives strictly opposed to one another, I had grown up from a young age in an era where the cold war, since the early 60’s, was in its first eruption, and in an empire called back then, the USSR. Since the day I was born I had lived in the companionship of horses, and during the first part of my childhood, I had grown up in  

August 26, 2008. This was a day before my 19th birthday. Me and my mom had an arguement the night before. She told me she can't help me with my studies anymore. My younger brother is also in college, and my youngest sibling was spending his HS in a private school. Luckily, I wasn't paying high tuition fees on my University. I saw a job posted in one of the canteen's glass door outside my University. And this was where I started. I was hired as an Assistant Auditor to Globe Telecoms that time. I was still in college. I work at daytime and go to school at night. Was having my BSBA that time. This l

The best career decision I've made was when I left my 9-year stable job with a television company to pursue my dreams of becoming a chef. One day I told my manager that I was no longer happy and handed him my resignation letter. It was bittersweet because I used to love that job. It became a part of my life for over a decade, my comfort zone, indeed. I've made a family out of the amazing people I've worked with through the years but at the same time, I was excited and somewhat anxious to finally move on and break free from my norm. So I left, took my early retirement package and into the unknown 

I was about 30 years old and had a very long resume filled with dozens of minimum wage jobs or barely more that minimum wage. I worked at retail stores, I did deliveries, i tried a few times to start my own business but did not have a lot of success. My best year at that point had earned me around $25k (not very good in Southern California in the mid 2000’s). I also had very little in the way of useful schooling. I could not afford to attend a four year college so I settled for a 2 year degree in science and then several years later another two year degree in journalism. Somehow, I got married, 

OK Before telling BEST decision I will share my background… I’m 28 now, Mechanical engg…Indian guy working in Pune now… I was not placed in campus placement through college..as there was recession going on and companies were not hiring that much…2010–2011 period…Just FYI my engg aggregate was 65% But i wanted to enter design field so joined CAD courses in Pune and Institute where i did cad course said that they have 100% placement..I was tension free…I thought after 2 months of course i will have job in my hand…But after course completion they said there are no job openings for design so cant hel 

Taking a risk of leaving a nice well paying government job at the start of my career. I graduated with a BSc in Mechanical Engineering in Dec 2003. As was customary then amongst my peers, never to say no to your first job, I appeared in recruitment process of a job advertised by a public defense sector company and got selected after a very competitive process. Started working on advanced weapon systems. This was very exciting and thrilling research related work. And the project I was working on was quite strategic (Satellite Launch Vehicle) and at a very young age got an experience to work and s 

2007, I was sitting on my couch in my brand new apartment in Rotterdam. It was a rainy night in November and I was wondering what my life would be like now that I had my first own place, a stable pretty well-paid job as Distribution Centre Manager and a brand new company car. All at the age of 26. The Phone Rang… CEO of the Netherlands for the company I worked at on the other side: “ Hi Leon, how are you?” She said. “ Well very good! I’ve just moved into the apartment which I have been refurbishing for the past 11 months” I replied. “ I see, well Leon I got an offer for you”. My heart instantly p 

I think my most exciting, experience was when I decided that I don’t want to be a designer anymore. It isn’t not literally I don’t want to use design software or explore about the field, but I just realised I am more interested into the research and big scope behind the visual itself. I took my B.A in Visual Communication Design back in 2001 because I felt that this field is my whole interest. I was a teenager and realised that I am creative, love to draw, so Graphic Design might be something I was looking for. But then when I was in my dissertation, I was so drown into research, marketing analy 

What career path isn't for softies?
Call Center Representative  Look at all those smiles. People working to solve people’s problems, it’s so fulfilling, right? Can’t wait to dive back onto the floor to help someone with their problems! Sounds awesome at first, but that’s just the marketing hoopla they feed you to hook you in to the world of HELL. Here’s the truth about working as a call center agent in customer service. You work 9 hour shifts with breaks like everyone else. Unlike other careers where there’s usually some downtime available throughout the shift to take a breather, in call centers you are pretty much working those full

Public School Teaching. While the misperception that it is a cushy job is fairly common, nothing could be further from the truth. Almost every other job with the same educational requirements as teaching pays considerably more.The supposed “summers off” are generally spent putting your house back together as you did not have time to do much to it throughout the school year, working a summer job, and spent on professional development or other training which is required to keep your license and often costs you money.Between staff meetings, special ed meetings, department meetings, meetings with pa

Forensic Scientist/Crime Scene investigator I recall a young girl telling that she wanted to go into forensics, but she also stated that she would faint at the sight of blood, including her own, and wanted to avoid it. Hmm, I said there is absolutely no way you can go into forensics and learn all the tricks of the trade to investigate homicides if you can’t handle the site of your own blood! I said unless you go into a hard science like chemistry or biology, but that’s not what she wanted. I also advised her that she can eventually specialize in something such as ballistics, document examinatio 

Human Resources. I know how most people don’t think of HR as a tough field. And yes, a lot of functions within it aren’t hard on the nerves (perhaps most actually). But some decidedly are. My sister is a senior HR executive with over a decade of experience. There was a point during the financial crisis at the end of the last decade when people were getting fired from the jobs left right and center, that she found it really hard. And I’ll give you a couple of actual cases to show you what I mean. Case A - This middle-aged guy was told that he was being laid off. Now the firm used to have a large com 

Thanks for the A2A, Sean Kernan, although given your stellar answer and your dad’s work, I doubt I can think of anything that’d qualify by your standards. I am, alas, a “softie” at least in the physical sense. Oh, sure, I did my time out in the fields and greenhouses as a teen, but most of my work since then has been a lot harder on my brain than on my body. And even things that are mentally challenging initially become easier once you’ve done them for a while, so I wouldn’t say my current job isn’t for “softies” — though it certainly isn’t for everyone; jobs I’ve done in the past have left me w 

 Tenure track Professor Three to five years of University degreeMaster’s degree of one to two years.PhD of three to seven years.Occasionally, A Post Doctoral study of variable time usually one to three years.Then you land a tenure track Position (Not so easy as it seems these days!)You don’t relax yet! You have a limited time, usually six years, to become tenured. After a certain period, your performance is up for review. You work super hard by doing research coupled with teaching duties. Then you get promoted to an Associate Professor role then after a period, usually four years, you become a ful 

There are a lot of career paths that are not for softies. (Thanks for the A2A Sean Kernan ) Rather than going into the actual jobs let’s focus on the characteristics that make them difficult. You don’t need all of these characteristics but the degree of them matters. And some people are softies in one characteristic and rock hard in another. But first let’s define softie. Just because someone gets sad, or cries doesn’t make them soft. It’s the lack of resilience and not being able to get back into it that makes someone soft. Many jobs can be tailored for someone who is soft. It’s more important  

Every career choice is different, with pros and cons added to it. Three career options call for serious mental strength. Let's take a look here:  Consulting: One of my close friends worked in two leading consulting companies, Deloitte and PwC, and I can honestly claim that the position of consultant, whether a technology consultant or a management consultant, is not straightforward. Why? Why? Since you're still in front of your customer, and any single minute you have to deal with a new technology or business challenge. The worst thing is that when you have to send the customer a demo of the sof

This is a picture of a Facebook moderation center in Berlin.  At the first glimpse, you might think something along the lines of “Oh, it’s just people sitting on a desk working with computers. Boring. Nothing different from my average 9 to 5 workday at my office.” But if you really want to get a small glimpse of what being a Facebook moderator is like, just ask these employees. Trust me, you don’t ever want to be one. That career path is not for softies. It’s where traumatizing material is basically a job. People who work there sit at a computer and view some of the most horrible things online which 

Owning a business.  I don’t care how instagram portrays the lifestyle of entrepreneurship, or how incredible people online make it seem. Owning and operating a real business is one of the most challenging career paths an individual can possibly choose. Whether you provide a service or sell a product, your customers depend on you night and day. If any of your clients encounters an issue, you, the business owner, will be tasked with alleviating whatever problem it is they’ve confronted. It’s 7:30 AM on a Saturday morning, and you’ve had a little too much to drink the night before? Yeah well it’s brig 

What were the strangest career paths in history?
What has been your best career decision(s)?
To become a Certified Scrum Trainer. As I started to develop skills in agile practices like Scrum, I looked into becoming a CST and quickly dismissed it. It was a bit of a private club, and a boy’s club at that. You needed to know someone who knew Ken (Schwaber, co-founder of Scrum) to get in because the acceptance process was so subjective. Pretty much no one got in on the first try and sometimes people got kicked out because Ken “got mad at them.” Luckily, while presenting at a conference, I met a nice lady named Katie Playfair and, after watching me present, approached me about becoming a CST 

Taking a year-long break to recharge. About 3 years after college, I was exactly where I’d hoped it be- almost 3 years into a great job and earning well. Everybody was awesome- the team I worked with, my boss, teams I consulted for, my friends. I had good benefits and plenty of opportunities to grow at work and plenty to do outside of work. And I was severely depressed, stressed and burned out. I was unhappier than I have ever been and confused, because everything I worked for and wanted had happen and was continuing to happen. It’s such a gift and I’m so privileged and yet hated my life. I wan 

Hello, Good question, because I had a lot of interesting career moves. Let’s get a little recap of my life to see what happened as it they all were interesting to me. It was 1972. I was around 9 years old at the time. Born of two dissimilar cultures, and being the fruit of two lives strictly opposed to one another, I had grown up from a young age in an era where the cold war, since the early 60’s, was in its first eruption, and in an empire called back then, the USSR. Since the day I was born I had lived in the companionship of horses, and during the first part of my childhood, I had grown up in  

August 26, 2008. This was a day before my 19th birthday. Me and my mom had an arguement the night before. She told me she can't help me with my studies anymore. My younger brother is also in college, and my youngest sibling was spending his HS in a private school. Luckily, I wasn't paying high tuition fees on my University. I saw a job posted in one of the canteen's glass door outside my University. And this was where I started. I was hired as an Assistant Auditor to Globe Telecoms that time. I was still in college. I work at daytime and go to school at night. Was having my BSBA that time. This l

The best career decision I've made was when I left my 9-year stable job with a television company to pursue my dreams of becoming a chef. One day I told my manager that I was no longer happy and handed him my resignation letter. It was bittersweet because I used to love that job. It became a part of my life for over a decade, my comfort zone, indeed. I've made a family out of the amazing people I've worked with through the years but at the same time, I was excited and somewhat anxious to finally move on and break free from my norm. So I left, took my early retirement package and into the unknown 

I was about 30 years old and had a very long resume filled with dozens of minimum wage jobs or barely more that minimum wage. I worked at retail stores, I did deliveries, i tried a few times to start my own business but did not have a lot of success. My best year at that point had earned me around $25k (not very good in Southern California in the mid 2000’s). I also had very little in the way of useful schooling. I could not afford to attend a four year college so I settled for a 2 year degree in science and then several years later another two year degree in journalism. Somehow, I got married, 

OK Before telling BEST decision I will share my background… I’m 28 now, Mechanical engg…Indian guy working in Pune now… I was not placed in campus placement through college..as there was recession going on and companies were not hiring that much…2010–2011 period…Just FYI my engg aggregate was 65% But i wanted to enter design field so joined CAD courses in Pune and Institute where i did cad course said that they have 100% placement..I was tension free…I thought after 2 months of course i will have job in my hand…But after course completion they said there are no job openings for design so cant hel 

Taking a risk of leaving a nice well paying government job at the start of my career. I graduated with a BSc in Mechanical Engineering in Dec 2003. As was customary then amongst my peers, never to say no to your first job, I appeared in recruitment process of a job advertised by a public defense sector company and got selected after a very competitive process. Started working on advanced weapon systems. This was very exciting and thrilling research related work. And the project I was working on was quite strategic (Satellite Launch Vehicle) and at a very young age got an experience to work and s 

2007, I was sitting on my couch in my brand new apartment in Rotterdam. It was a rainy night in November and I was wondering what my life would be like now that I had my first own place, a stable pretty well-paid job as Distribution Centre Manager and a brand new company car. All at the age of 26. The Phone Rang… CEO of the Netherlands for the company I worked at on the other side: “ Hi Leon, how are you?” She said. “ Well very good! I’ve just moved into the apartment which I have been refurbishing for the past 11 months” I replied. “ I see, well Leon I got an offer for you”. My heart instantly p 

I think my most exciting, experience was when I decided that I don’t want to be a designer anymore. It isn’t not literally I don’t want to use design software or explore about the field, but I just realised I am more interested into the research and big scope behind the visual itself. I took my B.A in Visual Communication Design back in 2001 because I felt that this field is my whole interest. I was a teenager and realised that I am creative, love to draw, so Graphic Design might be something I was looking for. But then when I was in my dissertation, I was so drown into research, marketing analy 

What glamorized career path is actually a complete nightmare?
Academia We tend to associate academia with images of leisurely professors looking out windows contemplating the world in pursuit of the truth. It is a lie. In real life, they're most likely considering jumping out that window to find out what life is out there away from this hell hole. Just kidding ;) Only ~2% of PhD graduates eventually become permanent faculty,[1] and that’s if they are extremely lucky or brilliant or have the clout of the right people, often the combination of all three.   Even if they join the professoriate, it’s still an extremely risky and competitive career with more drudger 

Not a complete nightmare, but not as glamorized as most people would have thought it would be. Flight Attendants. The general consensus has it that a trolley dolley’s life is filled with travel perks, men chasing after them, pretty young girls, a jet-setter’s life, promiscuous behaviours display, amazing layovers and the list would go on and on. I signed up for that life back in 2013. I thought to myself, how hard can it be if the minimum requirements is high school diploma? Wish I could go back in time and knock some sense into my former self. The three months (approximately 12 weeks) training was 

Careers. Whipper-snappers that can barely crawl out of seagull infested beaches before swimming into shark infested waters think, they want to be an astronaut or a teacher or some other high-affluent job without realizing one important truth. Someone needs to pay you. Monetization is the only damn thing that matters in this world. Without enough money, no matter what job you have, it is a nightmare. Kids, house, bills, expenses, accidents, you name it, the quality of your life is determined by how much money you have in relation to how many responsibilities you accept. This is the most fundamental  

When I graduated Business School, I was wondering what to do next. I had been in corporate banking before School, but most of my graduating classmates were either heading into investment banking or management consulting. Both careers appeared incredibly lucrative. I decided to explore further. I realized fairly quickly that Investment Banking wasn’t for me. The work didn’t seem that exciting and seemed more geared towards testing people’s grit and endurance than anything else. Banking Associates proudly told me time and again how they had to cancel weekend family commitments and vacations becaus 

SAP (or ERP) Consulting Background Bit of background won’t hurt. There was a time (circa 1990 - 2000) when SAP consultant was a glamorous and the perceived ultimate-platinum-level of IT related job. I’m using SAP as the focal point because like it or not, during those era SAP is the de facto market leader. I don’t think the same thing can be said in today context but that is a totally different topic. Back then if you were a freelancer, you ends up rejecting job offers and had privilege to choose the most lucrative offer. If you worked in consulting firm, you wouldn’t have lots of time to enjoy y 

Anything connected to high finance… stock brokers, investment banking, the whole thing. In major finance shops (Goldman Sachs being the promised land far away in the haze), there are maybe a handful of positions in the highest of tiers (usually Associate, Junior Partner, Partner, Voting Partner and the unreachable Name On Lobby Wall Partner). But first you need to get your career up and running. Spend months trying to get a job at sleazeball boiler room “firms". Work there for a year cold calling seniors and homebound invalids, extracting what little money they have to eat and fill prescriptions  

Some of these answers are just silly—you’d think being a doctor, accountant or lawyer is a terrible job that no one would ever choose if they knew better. The reality will always be more prosaic than in the movies, of course. But professional jobs generally pay much better, and have higher job satisfaction, than most low skill jobs. A professional job usually—not always, but more often than not—allows people to escape from poverty, and poverty sucks. People who complain about their jobs should see what it’s like to not be able to pay your bills; afford medical care; live in warm and comfortabl 

Software Developer I think people know there is nothing glamorous about the job, but the money is legendary. It’s the money, baby. That makes up for everything else. And what else does anyone know about software developers? They can break triple-DES in 60 seconds while getting a blow job. They can hack into any government agency. They’re young and hip and skinny, and they look great in their blue jeans and pullover. It used to be that you had to earn a bachelor’s degree from an accredited university to be a software engineer, but everyone younger than you, dear reader, knows that you can attend  

Graphic Designer here. I wouldn't call any career path a nightmare but, I worked once for 3 hours straight trying to get a curve in the logo to a client's satisfaction.There's ALWAYS someone better than you. It isn't like accounts where you're done when the Balance Sheet tallies. Someone will always be out there who's more creative than you and that sometimes takes a toll on your motivation.I constantly have my ideas questioned by people who half the time don't know what they want in the first place.Many times all I've had to do is cut and paste images (which I have to painstakingly search and w

 Being a YouTuber/Let’s player. Did you know that these people spend somewhere around 4–8 hours for an average video? That’s how long edits take. 90% of a YouTubers career is video editing. Only 10% is spent in front of the camera actually recording content. On top of that the average YouTuber takes 2 years of daily uploads to reach a subscriber count that sustains a living. If you enjoy editing, this is obviously not a nightmare for you, but most people are not aware of this when they get into it and then it seems like a nightmare to them. Producing quality content takes a tremendous amount of effo 

I made wrong choices in my career and now my peers are doing way better. Regret is eating me alive, how can I get over it?
I graduated at 20. Started working at 21. Was a happy go lucky employee from 21 to 25. Aiming for a higher position? Didn't have that desire. Aiming for better pay? Didn't have that desire. I was literally living from payout to payout but was satisfied and even comfortable with the idea that I could see myself grow old there. Until that fateful day my then boss screwed me over about a pay raise. I resigned from that company two weeks later. At 25, I was the breadwinner and I risked being unemployed. I could not stomach the final weeks I spent in said company. I gave them my most productive years and  

I've been there and made it to the other side. This is advice is for you but also what I'd tell my past self. Hope it helps. How to get over regret of not making better choices in life because peers are doing way better: Realize that hindsight is always 20/20. You didn't know what you didn't know. Give yourself some grace and be kind to your past self. Believe that you did the best with what you had. Also, it's unfair to yourself to kick yourself for not being where your peers are at. You don't know what advantages/privileges or sacrifices they might have had to get where they are and they might

Here is the deal: Okay, so you made some bad choices. So did I and a million other people. We did it and we did what we did. You cannot compare yourself to other people. They are just other people doing their thing. If you do that you are dead in the water. I did not get a PhD until I was almost 60 years old. I was 56. It is what it is. I had some very bad people get in my way and prevent me from having the life I really wanted. So what! That is fine. I did it anyway and I showed them. That is where you need to go with this. You have to get the feeling and the thinking and the actions that I w 

The first rule of successful career is not to compare yourself with others. The cup can be seen as half full or half empty. One can always find someone else “better”, depending on what you compare against. Do you measure “doing way better” by salary, stability or prestige of jobs? If you want to compare, you should first compare yourself - your today vs your past. Have you had increases to your compensation? Are you worried about job lost? Have you been promoted at all? There should be other measurements. How about whether you enjoy your work, whether you have spare time to do what you love, and  

As you now know, every choice you make has consequences that are going to affect you in either a good, bad, or in an insignificant way. Insignificant results are obviously for preferences in insignificant things. When it comes to things like your career, more thought into long term consequences is usually necessary for your best advantage, and the best overall results. When I say overall results I am referring to not just your benefit, but the benefit of the company you work for. Sometimes, self sacrifices need to be made for the better good of the company. Of course, when you work for a compa 

Really you made wrong choice ? Can i ask what kind of wrong choice? You didn’t have choice to born but surely in the journey you have choice to excel…. Due paucity of time i can ’t write stories of history but i can surely say in the past when ever a human saw his action wrong or in bad direction, this only thought lead them to a hill of happiness, success not in terms of money but fame and all kind of pleasure that one want. so be it steve job or for that matter Abraham lincon. .. One day you will write a best story here on quora, but the only thing you need to excel in one thing” situation i 

When you are in the world, there will be some pleasant experiences and some unpleasant experiences. There will be some blame and some praise, all of this will happen, but none of these should touch you, you should just keep moving ahead. So, sit happily, walk happily and do everything happily. See, in the world there is no end to problems. Some or the other problems keep coming up, either financial, or health related, or relationship related problems. And if none of these are there, there is the problem of someone saying something to you and you feeling upset about it. The mind keeps getting ca 

It does not help you to live with regret or bitterness that you feel you made wrong choices in life. You might be better off remembering you made the best decision you knew to make at the time. Now you have learned more and would have made a different decision, but you did not. It is done! You cannot change that and living as if you could is eating you up! What was wrong about the choice you made? Was it based on the fact that others are doing better financially better than you? So what? We can see people who are better off than we are and many more who are worse off. What would you say to thos 

It’s a simple answer but it’s hard to do. Don’t compare yourself with others. Yes that is the answer so if you want to stop reading you can but I’m going to tell you how to do this. When you find your identity in how you are doing over others, you will never be satisfied. There will always be someone better than you. Even the people who have the most money end up feeling empty. We see this in suicide rates going up. We know this in people’s last words as well. Also in who is doing this suicide. Do you know who Robbin Williams is? Beloved stand-up comedian and actor. Yeah he committed suicide.  

Let me tell you a story that will help you get over this feeling right now: First, there is essentially no reward without risk. Everyone at some point in their lives is going to have a revelation that they are not exactly where they want to be career wise. And to achieve anything, especially you own personal happiness, usually requires being comfortable with risk and uncertainty. When I graduated from school, I got a very high paying job in engineering and client success at a large fortune 100 company. I spent my days managing projects and basically had guaranteed job security. I was making more 

Have you ever tried to quit a job but was then told you’re not allowed to due to whatever reason?
Yup. Just my last one. I was told I was free to quit as soon as a replacement was found. It was a small chiropractic clinic under new ownership and staff was limited. I simply worked in reception. I was told that they would need to find a replacement before they could lose me (mind you they had already found a replacement and reduced my schedule and hours to accommodate the new employee, amongst many other wrong doings). I’m in MN. It’s employment at will meaning I can quit for any reason or also be discharged by my employer for any reason. Luckily enough had occurred, such as wage withholding, 

yeah. lol. i had it with the absolute douches at this one company i worked for, and they had a ridiculously high turnover of staff, so after being sent an email from some manager i didn’t even know wanting to know “what the f*ck was i doing” after i had made a minor mistake due to not having been properly trained on what I was doing, i resigned without notice. i did it via email mid week. they then sent me a reply, quoting bits from their contract, namely that you werent supposed to just quit, that you had to give notice, and then they lectured me that i failed to follow this procedure. which i 

There was only one time that I tried this, and it was when I worked with my parents and one brother. I’m the youngest and only girl, I have two brothers, one is eight years older and the other is twelve years older than I. The brother this is twelve years older did not work with us so that part was good. I had been felt taken advantage of and I voiced my opinion about it many times. Dad didn’t want me to leave since he had to cut his own hours due to his health wasn’t that great. My mom didn’t want to increase her hours, as a matter of fact, she wanted to decrease hers, my father though, had  

Not quite quitting, but certainly not allowed to do any job elsewhere at the same military base. Almost a year before I last worked for the US military as a civil servant, I was in a meeting with the Division Head - my supervisor’s bosses boss. It was called because my supervisor at the time was concerned about my attitude: I had apparently been one of the few people to take any time off after being notified of a workplace shooting elsewhere on the base, saying that I didn’t feel I was doing anything useful anyway. My supervisor at that time was actually the best of the bunch in the years I wa 

nope. I’ve been pushed out of work from being bullied, fired from work from harassing me at work. I didn’t do anything to the people bullying me. They were jealous of my face, and third eye of a brain, and my heart of gold. I started noticing a pattern of harassment over, and over again. It fell in one of those catagories. They were either jealous of my face, and telling me I’m ugly over, and over again, and insulting me for no reason. I know they’re jealous of something about my physical appearance, and then it cleared to me it’s about my face. All I hear is I hate my face. I hate my nose. I’m not 

Employers often use dirty tricks on workers - especially entry-level and naive workers. There is very little concern on their part for your best interests. They are only concerned about the cost to themselves. It is remarkably expensive to replace a worker. When someone leaves, the work they did falls on one or more other people that may result in overtime payments or the work not getting done. The hiring process takes time and costs for ads. Once hired, the new hire must be trained and work for a while before they are as capable as the person that left. In all, this is a cost to the company. A 

I worked in a warehouse for a pharmaceutical company in my early 20s. I partied pretty hard back then — there was more than one night where I left the bar/club, went home and took a shower, and then went to work — but I worked as hard as I partied and within a year I was a team lead despite being younger than everyone else working there. I got to be friends with the warehouse manager and the general manager. I was single so the warehouse manager, an old German man, would invite me to Sunday dinner with him and his wife, and I played softball and volleyball with the GM and his friends. A couple o 

Sort of. But hear me out. I worked at a university for 8 years. The terms and conditions were amazing. The pension was the best in the country. I had annual leave coming out of my ears. The environment was mostly low pressured and casual. But I looked at the people around me. So many old men who’d been there 20 or 30 years. All practicing at work retirement. All comfortable, docile, institutionalised. I knew if I didn’t quit then, that would be me. One of them. Talking about the old days and the kid systems. So I handed in my notice with no other job to go to. I had to kick my own backside. And a w 

Not me but when 9/11 happened ALOT of officers and some senior NCO'S were not allowed to get out. It is called Stop Loss and it is basically gives Cart Blanche to the department of defense. A few of my CSM friends were told they could not retire at the height of the war. When I getting ready to retire from the Army I had to go see the BDE and division CSM to explain to them (in great detail) why I was retiring as they couldn't understand why. I was getting ready to turn 40 and they couldn't wrap there head around why I was doing it. When I retired from the Army I became a contractor. After 8 yea 

Thanks George for A2A. In fact when I found myself misfit in Canon’s agency in Karachi (in 1975), I knew they would raise hue and cry. I learned that Canon’s main office was ready to have a plan but after 3 years’ stay in Karachi. That was too much for me. I was too secretive. They did not know what I was up to. The boss Mr. Kamal thought they had their system of checking in place to deal with someone leaving prematurely. I did not have a written agreement (formal on stamp paper); only a letter was issued on company’s letter pad. They knew I was uncomfortable and not happy because of a number of 

What was the most important lesson you learned as you were building your career?
3 Of The Most Important Lessons I’ve Learned In My Career  Building your career can have many different meanings. As a social entrepreneur, I see it as a portfolio of my life's work. It means a lot to me in the weight of accomplishments and successes, but it also simultaneously signifies my contribution to society. I feel as though my path just started. Still, I can already see how much I’ve learned about building a career. Here are my three most pressing takeaways: You can’t succeed without failingThis was the most important and hardest thing to grasp. If you fail in school, it means you didn’t do 

Rather than trying to tackle it all (many books and posts have tried to answer this question), here are several suggestions that I’ve seen work well. While numbered, these are general, and the order of importance will vary from person to person. That said: 1.Effective communications means more listening, and less talking. Uttering words is easy. Making sense that connects with others isn’t easy. Clarity in words requires clarity in thought. Not easy, but worth the effort. Begin by deeply listening, not just waiting to talk. Calming your desire to make a point is hard, but doing so helps to truly  

So many things, it's hard to list one as the most important.  IN no particular order: Being a good listener.  You can learn a lot by listening!  And people like to be listened to. Read everything.  I mean anything and everything that interests you, especially the stuff that has no relevance to your career.  You'd be surprised how often that other "stuff" puts you ahead of the game in your career. On the other hand, don't believe everything you read -- especially if written by journalists.  Even the best get things wrong, or just gloss over a lot of nuance, or succumb to conventional wisdom.  The  

There’s a line between a career and a private life. You should pursue both, but act differently on each.  Life has taught me 3 grand lessons I want to share with all women building their career like crazy (and I’m part of them). 1. You are a boss at work and a wife at home. Don’t mix it up. I hate cooking. I REALLY hate cooking. I’m literally dying when I have to spend half an hour or so in the kitchen to make a dinner. Despite this, I wake up one hour before I leave home for work (it’s 7.30 am) to make scrambled eggs for breakfast for my husband and me. I enjoy spending my morning time at the table 

The most important lesson I learnt when I just started earning was to always plan my actions and then move forward. Earlier, I never used to plan my career moves and then later regret when they didn’t work out and now what will I do. After facing a lot of problems initially, I learned how to plan my career. I used ABZ planning for this purpose. Plan A Plan A is that thing which you’re doing correctly. Your normal job, college degree, business startup and so on. You are most likely comfortable doing what you are doing right now. However, don’t get too comfortable. Your plan A will most likely change do 

‘  ’. Of course I can write a list consisting of many lines of life’s little lessons. But you know you do not need me to outline them. You will learn them all by yourself as you continue to ‘grow’ in life. My mother used to say ‘you can’t put an old head on young shoulders’ and that is perfectly true. When your time is ready, you will come to know. What I will say in relevance to my first line is, do not think you can ever predict which way life is going to go. It has so many meandering twists and turns, everyone bringing its own particular learning experience. As I grew older and now venturing to  

8 years ago I started a company called Kickflip Inc. At the time, I was the #1 largest Facebook app developer. Every week Facebook changed its API and we had to change our apps and games constantly. We were forced to play by their rules and they governed how we interacted with our own customers/players. Kickflip eventually morphed into Gambit — a payments company that worked with Zynga, Tagged, Gaia Online, Disney and more. Then one day Facebook banned us.  Sayonara Gambit… Within 24 hours, our daily revenue dropped from $150,000 to $15,000. Imagine losing an extra $135,000 every day! We had to play b 

I told a senior manager at Microsoft that he was wrong. And it taught me the most important lesson of my career.  Let’s rewind. I was a lowly software engineering intern at Microsoft. I didn’t have a ton of experience writing code, and I wasn’t sure if I was ready for the role. But I jumped in. I couldn’t pass up the opportunity to work for such an iconic company. On day one, I matched up with my mentor- a dev named Ransom. It was his job to turn me from an inexperienced developer into a competent member of the team responsible for building Microsoft’s Groove product, a peer-to-peer sharing system  

 I can’t think of just 1. Here is a list Most people don’t love their jobsAnd yet most people don't have the mindset of a business ownerMost meetings are pointlessHaving a good education doesn’t always give people common senseThe workforce is getting less hierarchical especially in Western countriesPeople are either motivated by money, status, career advancement, location or work-life balanceSome people who advance and get promotions don't deserve itMavericks don’t always succeed in corporations, even medium-sized firmsBuilding relationships is more key than just experience. You can take relatio

Here’s the one universal rule I would try to teach everyone: Depth matters more than width. That is, the smallest meaningful, intentional act will mean much more than a huge one that lacks intent or substance. Believe it or not, I’m paying attention to many of you who are reading this answer. I’m no longer able to engage the way I used to with every single person who says hello, but I’m definitely trying every single day. When I’m not in a meeting or writing or taking care of business, I’m hustling for depth with my community. I’m favoriting posts, leaving notes, replying, and saying hello, especia 

What are some good pieces of general career advice?
Thanks for the A2A. As a student, I might not have the most accurate answer, but I'm glad to help! I. Looking for a job 1. Fix your targets  I'm going to fast-forward over the part regarding "how to find a job",  talking about why it's important to know what you want from a job. Answer yourself to the following questions:  a) Money / free time Here I'm considering the two career opportunities you can choose, build a start-up and pursue becoming a millionaire / billionaire path but choose to be mostly caught up with your job or choose a simple job that won't stress you up so much and have more time f 

During two years of business school at Stanford, I wrote down the best advice from our professors and lecturers. This advice is from my favorite teachers and lecturers, including Andy Rachleff, Mark Leslie, Irv Grousbeck, Joel Peterson, Eric Schmidt, and many others. Admittedly, a lot of this is focused on technology industry, but much is generally applicable. Thought it might be interesting to others. Successful people listen. You have two ears and one mouth. Use them in that ratio. You learn more when you listen than when you talk.Pareto principle: Always look for the 80/20. 80 percent of the

Some good general career advice? It's basically what everyone is saying and should keep saying--go after what makes you happy or choose something you're passionate about. Yes, it is as simple as that. However, of course, it is common too that not everyone might know what they're passionate about in the first place. It could also be that they know but simply need a little bit more push. When you don't know what you're passionate about..... You actually know it. It could be as little as anything, but it doesn't mean it doesn't count. Acknowledge it. We now live in an age where, with everything goi 

A career consists of a series of jobs. A successful career can be measured by your satisfaction in moving along the path of jobs. Your satisfaction is dependent on your current level of achieved needs. For example, if you still have loans and are struggling with money to pay your bills, you will be satisfied with a job that pays you well. You’ll be less concerned if your job is meaningful or not. On the other hand, if you are already financially secured and have a good family, you’ll be able to increase your satisfaction with a job involving meaningful work. A successful career is therefore a ba 

While I am no expert on this - here are my two paisas. Have we all gone soft? Look around - we have had the most peaceful 50–70 years in the human history. There have been no major wars or major calamities of the scale and proportion known to our great-grandparents. This among other things has calmed our collective senses and removed the sense of urgency from most things we know and value. Some may even argue that this has softened us all up :)  The 7 Trillion Dollar Question. We have already traded away with most jobs that required extreme human strength or danger to life. We now are moving towards  

Always make everyone else look good. When I started my first job everyone warned me, “Bruce will steal credit for everything you do. Be careful.” No problem! I GAVE Bruce credit for everything I did. I would tell everyone, this was Bruce’s idea. Or Bruce let me do this. Or thank god I had a boss like Bruce. Bruce got promoted. And promoted and promoted. And he let me do more and more of what I wanted to do without saying anything. Because it always made him look good. So eventually I started a company on the side. And then I hired my own company to do some of the work I was assigned to do. Nobody car 

After reading some of the advice posted here (cynical MBA textbook references) such as 'Be likable.' (really?) I have to throw in my word because most of this is garbage. When people don't put up a show and refuse to kiss some ass, they find their place in life.  Think of it as a misplaced cog.  All the advice in the world can't change the strength, size, and type of cog. That's given to you by the designer. A lot of your character comes from your genetics.  Most predestined.  Willpower is your only way to deviate from the path laid before you.  My way of giving people advice is to point them in  

First, explore. Second, pick four. Third, turn cost centers into profit centers. This advice works for anyone. Whether you are an aspiring artist, an aspiring billionaire, or someone that just wants a steady job. This advice passes the hindcasting test. Hundreds of imminent biographies and real life examples conform to this pattern. This advice accounts for success amidst the vagaries of lifetimes. This includes coronavirus, recession, globalization, internet, industrial revolution, and other black swans. This advice accounts for survivorship bias. In fact, it predicts survivorship. First, explore H 

1. Acquire the skills through a combination of structured learning (courses), actualized experiences and continually asking thought provoking questions to intelligent people who are highly skilled in your specific field. Engage in regular dialogues with these people to keep your skills current and top of mind. Gain the confidence needed to deliver beyond what is expected of you in a potential role. 2. Work for a company where you can thoroughly understand the industry, the hidden niches where value hides... make key contacts (they will be valuable later on), learn who the big players are and wh 

1 – “Do not look where you do not want to go” When I was 17 years old, I started to learn how to drive. During one “Road code” classes, I remember very well the driving school instructor telling us a lesson, which I could never forget, due the power of the image in his words. “When you drive, make sure to always look in the direction where you want to go. Let me explain you why. A few years ago, I I witnessed a car accident with my own eyes. It was late a night and the car crashed into a tree. I rushed out of the car and I went immediately to check on the people inside. They were two: A man driv 

Can a nurse become a doctor?
I fell into nursing because I did not get into medicine. That being said, I’m ever so grateful that I didn’t. like people have said, nursing and medicine are different jobs. Doctors have huge amounts of patients. They perform in depth assessments and prescribe medications or other treatments. They order investigations and analyse those results. They organise the care for their patients, be it treatment or investigative. Nurses… co-ordinate. We have much smaller ratios (where I live, this is typically 1:4 or 1:5). We spend all of our time with our patients. Every hour we at least check on them. W 

Speaking for the U.S.,: nurses do not become doctors. The reasons I believe have perhaps changed some over the past 30 years, however the end result is the same. The first reason is that the college ramp-up is not the same. The expectation by Medical Schools has always been sufficiently high, particularly regarding GPA, such that those pursuing Med School must adhere to a very rigorous course, and those nurses bent on pursuing an MD would need return to college, and in essence: start over. I’m not saying that those who started out pursuing a medical degree didn’t become nurses however. (And let 

There are frequent questions in Quora about the role of nurses in hospital wards. Nurses are not half-way doctors as some of the questioners seem to suggest. They are the sole occupants of a distinct and vital niche in hospital care. One day (1955) on my first week as an intern I was in the ward after visitor’s hour updating case sheets. A student nurse was taking the temperature and pulse of patients and entering the results in their charts. She was taking a full minute to count the pulse of a patient. When she came to the bed next to my table, I asked her why she had to count pulse for a full 

Please allow me to blow your mind. I am a doctor. And a nurse. I’m a clinical nurse specialist, and have been since 1993. I have been a registered nurse since 1982. I completed a PhD in nursing in 2004, which made me a doctor. In short, there is no “doctor versus nurse” conundrum. Yet, time and time again this is implied in questions asked here. A primer: Physician means medical doctor. There are many other types of doctors in the world. Anyone who has completed a doctoral degree is entitled to the honorific “doctor.” Nurses are not, and do not want to be, junior physicians. We prefer a profession  

Anyone who satisfies the academic and practical requirements can become a doctor. Although many nurses are now becoming nurse practitioners (the training is much shorter than to become a full-fledged doctor and they can do many of the same things), there are still a few nurses who pursue the M.D. degree. Nurses who go on to practice medicine bring a very unique skill set to their career as a physician. A brief story: Not that long ago, I was in the operating room for a C-section, which was being performed by an older OB/GYN who was a nurse when she began her career. The baby had been delivered,  

There are a lot of very good answers here. Another option is to become a nurse practitioner.  This is a PhD program with sub specialties;  the ones I'm familiar with include family practice,  geriatrics, dermatology,   &amp; psych, as I have colleagues doing those.  They are PCP'S (primary care providers) and write Rx's &amp; treat their patients independently.  To enroll, one must first be a nurse. Scope of practice and licensing seems to be by state,  as opposed to MD'S who are licensed by the DOH &amp; can practice in all 50 states. There is a lot of info both pro &amp; con on the website Allnurses.com. En 

I met the loveliest consultant psychiatrist last Saturday.  He started as a nursing assistant,  then trained as a mental health nurse, then decided to study again a become a doctor.  As a registered mental health nurse I appreciate that he was more empathic towards me as a nurse. I already have two degrees,  ba honours and ma, and two diplomas. I love being a nurse as I like direct and holistic care of people.  When I have time I can even engage in art or music therapy with my patients.  Sometimes I can go out for a walk with a patient in the sunshine and have a very different insight than the po 

How can an RN become a doctor? Two ways: Satisfy pre-requisites for medical school.If you have a BSN, it might help a little in terms of exposure to the field. But med school is a different profession, so you want to satisfy what it requires.Take and pass the required qualifying examEnroll in med schoolGraduateTake the residency programTake the Medical Licensure ExamPractice as a PhysicianTake your desired specialtySatisfy the requirements and pass the examPractice in your specialty as a Medical DoctorWork as an RN for a number of yearsIf you don’t have a BSN, go get oneIf you are BSN, seek to j

Yes! Most definitely! I’ve known several who have. But it takes a great deal of work. First, a Nurse has to go back to college and complete the Premed requirements. Physics, Calculus, Biology, Chemistry, Organic Chemistry, Biochemistry, etc. These are NOT part of the nursing school curriculum (there are some watered down versions at some nursing schools, but they won’t fulfill the Premed requirements). This will generally take an RN with a BS degree at least 2 years of full time school. An RN then has to take the MCAT (Medical College Admissions Test) and score well on it. Then comes 4 years of  

Yes, although it is not common. In fact, I knew one who did. She went on to take a fellowship in neonatology, which was her passion. The most common route for a nurse to become a front line provider is to earn an advanced degree and become a Nurse Practitioner. A master’s degree in Nursing used to be the requirement, but universities are increasingly phasing out their MSN programs in favor of Doctor of Nursing Practice (DNP) degrees. A DNP degree typically requires three additional years of education after earning a bachelor’s degree in Nursing and being licensed as a Registered Nurse. DNPs, lik 

I am a 23 year old, working at TCS. My main goal right now is to increase my salary, but I am unable to decide between an MBA, MS, or a job switch?What should I do?
23 year old, so this imply you have an experience of 1 year plus few months after your graduation in best case. I had also joined TCS post my graduation and have been through various appraisal cycles. First of all, I would like to tell you do not think to switch company without an experience of at least 2–3 years. This is because if you have an experience less than that you will be considered as a fresher. So try to complete 2 years in TCS. In meanwhile, try to figure out what you want to do post 5 year. Do you want to be in IT Industry? Path 1: If the answer is NO, then try to figure out best opt 

When I was 23 years old, I was exactly at the same stage as yours - working at TCS. I have made quite a few job changes and currently I am working with . I hope that my answer would be helpful here. Rule #1 - Never settle for short term benefits, go for long term goals. Despite working in an overseas project, going onsite for long term never occurred to me because I was aware that I can not sacrifice my dream for a short term benefit i.e. Making more money out of India and a visa stamp. I wanted to make money, a lot of it but my priority was always learnings. Money is a by product of knowledge an 

This is the kind of decision that depends upon your interests. If money is all you need, be good at whatever you choose and success will follow. -Go for an MS if you actually are dedicated towards technical education. -Choose MBA if you find yourself less inclined towards your technical job and want to move into a management role. Remember: No degree comes with the guarantee of more money. There are people who succeed with just a bachelor's degree; there are people who struggle even after MBA's. If you actually want to study, start preparing alongside your job. Aim to land a spot only in a good col 

I would like to express my thoughts towards this question. Firstly I know salary can be a great factor, in-fact we live in a world were we are judged with so called “Kitna kamata hai”. Apparently after every stage of life we wish to find closure which in some cases can be work environment flexibily, salary, power and hold and some times like in my case ‘work location’(closer to home). Coming back to your question now, I feel IT industry provides tremendous opportunities to succeed. There are many technologies but that all circumvent to one question that is Finding your Passion. In the early sta 

Being almost in the same place as you are in right now, I guess I am qualified to Answer this. TCS is a great place if you get the right project and the right technology. Most people get only either of them or don't get both. Hence, they start looking for alternatives. As mentioned in the question itself , you have 3 choices. First switching jobs. If you want to switch jobs, look at the hiring trend and start learning a technology based on your interest . This might help you .  Image courtesy : 10 hottest tech skills for 2017 TCS itself has a lot of learning tools like Lynda.com, safari books, Ievolve 

Ok, take a deep breath and focus on the goal you mentioned. “Increase my salary” It can make you feel good for only some time if you switch the job but if you analyze that what you really want to do (and not half heartedly) then you will be in a better position. I was in the similar situation as you in 2013–14. In fact, my learning opportunities were very scarce in that project. I was not very satisfied with my position in TCS then and I wanted to get out but my main aim was not just to increase my salary but also to get in a better environment. I always wanted to do M.Tech. I had been trying for 

Probably I am the right person to answer this because I share the age with you, and had a similar dilemma last year. When I started my first job couple of years back, I was in the same situation as you are in now. And have overcome that by deciding where you want to take your life. So to make things simple First decide where you want to be in life if you want to go for higher education, go for it, if you want to pursue MBA, just prepare for it, don’t go for it blindly just by following others if you really want to do it then do it. But I think this is a good age to take risks as well, in terms of  

You are 23 years old and you are working at TCS. It clearly indicates that you have done reasonably well. Now, let's go back 10 years. What was your goal? Probably, to pass your 10th and 12th with good grades and get a seat in a good college. Let's go 5 years back. What was your goal? Probably to get job in an MNC. Now, what's your goal? (You may be 2 years experienced and passed through the trainee stage) To earn more. After 5 years? To get promotion or to buy a good house or to have a luxury car…….. I am sure any of the paths you tread, mentioned in your question, with good effort, being smart you w 

If u are planning to work in India after MBA/M.S And that too in IT CoMpany then my answer will be “ no need to do all these” because in India there is no respect for degree. Even if you get a degree they will just ask for skills, and most important experience. Mind it Experience is more important than skills. Now if you get a degree then you will expect more salary , but tHis is not the reality that you will get more because if graduate beggar labourer is available in market cheaper than you then why companies should waste their money on you. For example : after m.s u asked for 10 lakhs per annu 

I am in this industry for more than 15 years, so I think I can give you an answer which will be applicable even in long run. For first 14 years I worked for company, where I never bothered about salary. I knew it very well that my salary is below the best. Yet it was not worst and good enough. The work and Director turned out to be one I am made for, I got the independence, support everything. So you need to be sure why you want to go for more salary, is it just look better than your colleagues or you have some long term goal. MS in India is useless, it won’t get you anything, believe me it is on 

I’ve been written up twice at my current job. I only have one more write-up left before termination and they stay on my record for the next 2 years. Should I start looking for another job now?
In my first job as an analyst I was working with horrible legacy systems with little to no documentation. The person who handed the role to me didn't really understand the under lying tech but knew what happened at the first and last step. I made a mistake that could have potentially costed the company around 60 thousand in our currency. I caught it early reported it to my line manager who then went to his bosses to see what they should do. The director decided to leave the mistake and absorb the cost at the end of the period. As we had no data warehouse and lots of legacy excel MS Access mistake 

It depends upon on number of things. How long have you worked for the company? How far apart were the write-ups? How long do you have before the first one reaches the 2-year mark? Were the write-ups for the same thing, or for two different violations? Were they justified or does it seem as though your supervisor is building a case for termination? Sometimes a company hires someone who just isn’t a good fit. They look good on paper but their personality just doesn’t mesh with other employees, or their work ethic doesn’t match the expectations of their superiors. If you’re fairly new and have alrea 

That depends. Were these “write-ups” for things you should have or DID know better than to have done? If so, and you keep your nose clean, you might be fine. IF, on the other hand, you had limited control over the issue(s), than you might first speak to your supervisor to see if you can have additional training, etc, to try to remedy the problems you’re experiencing. Having a back up plan and putting some money in savings (don’t live to the very edge of your income) is not a bad idea. Speaking to the first scenario, when I was in basic training in the Air Force a very simple and clear rule was  

If you’ve been written up in the past, that stain is virtually impossible to remove, so you should remove yourself from the stain. What do I mean by that? Nothing you do in the future will be good enough to erase your boss’ cemented opinion: You are a screw up and hiring you was a mistake. For these reasons, it’s best to be on your way. Why? For example, even if you bring in the biggest money-making client in your company’s history, your accomplishment may be appreciated, but it will also be minimized with behind-your-back comments like, “It was pure luck, not skill.” If your employer has no fa 

You should have been looking at the first write up. Of course, you didn’t mention if the write-ups were deserved or not. If they were, please work on the behavior that led to them. I used to tell my son that “everywhere you go, there you are” (the implication is if you try to run away from problems that you cause, then good luck with that…) Even if you leave, correcting bad habits will go a long way to making your new job a success. Learn from mistakes.If you fix your behavior, you still have a boss whose senses are sharpened for your mistakes. They will be more prone to being critical of other 

That depends on the reason for the write-ups. Whether you agree with that reason or not, if it’s due to something you did, according to the person who wrote you up, no. Keep this in mind: Rule #1 - The boss is always right. Rule #2 - When the boss is wrong, see rule #1. Your job is to do what your boss tells you to do - whether you agree with it or not. If you were written up for not doing what you were told, work on fixing that, or you’ll keep getting written up (or just “laid off” on the spot) until you do fix it. If you were doing what you were told to do, but you got written up anyway, yes, sta 

I’m not sure what industry you are in, but by the time you are written-up, you are in a big hole. Companies use records like this to legally justify termination. I agree with the folks here who say you need to fix the behavior. Otherwise, you will take it with you to the next company and be in this situation again. Please do some humble soul-searching and figure out what you can do to prevent this from happening again. I know it’s possible that your manager is a jerk, but due to the way you phrased the question, it seems you agree that the write-ups were justified. You also shouldn’t worry about 

Yes, start looking. When a boss writes you up, it cements his low opinion of you as an employee. This opinion is not going to change, no matter how exemplary your behavior in the future. Once you’ve been written up, the bar to write you up again is lower, so even small infractions might result in a write up. If this was a career job, your career at this employer is over. You’ll be let go at the first opportunity. Your new three-step plan is: Figure out what you’ve been doing that got you written up, and stop doing that thing. You’ve burned one employer. you don’t want to burn another.Get a new j

They way you state the question is amazing to me in a very negative way. “I only have one more write-up left before termination and they stay on my record for the next 2 years. Should I start looking for another job now?” You don’t bother to ask how to change to meet the requirements of your employer who is paying you money to do a job the way they expect you to, I almost hope this is a joke to see how many people respond to your question. Suggestion to consider-You are the employer and you are paying the employee $35,000 out or YOUR pocket for work to be done, are you OK with paying and not rece 

I was in that situation once. A VP didn’t like me and pressured my boss to build a case to fire me. Of the things I was written up one really was a big mistake but the rest were bogus. In my case I knew that there were people who appreciated my work so I contacted them to let them know what was going on and they all supported me. In fact, 6 months after they told me that “my next mistake will be my last” I got the biggest bonus I have ever received. Unless you have coleagues who will stand up for you than you probably should start looking for another job. 779 views · View upvotes101AnonymousAnswered 1 year ago

If you can't find work, should you quit your profession?
At age 25, would you pursue a good paying corporate job that makes you unhappy or a hobby that makes you happy, but has no guarantee to pay the bills? What would you advise?
I'm a 38 year old American guy that did not contemplate what you are doing at 25. I chased the dot.bom boom with a 68K, a 105K , and a 120K salary increases within 24 months into Silicon Valley from the east coast in 1999 (high-ish compensation for an undergrad for those years).  I was raised frugal so I saved and blindly invested like a good boy without any goal in sight. I quit, was laid off, or fired from 9 jobs since - the longest stints at a video game maker, large investment bank, and an insurance place - all as either a Sys Admin or (switch/router/firewall) Network Engineer.  (The bank  

Pursue a great-paying job!!  Anyone who knows me would shit a brick to hear me say this.   25 is very young.  Get a great job, but live like a pauper. Depending on your city, you should live off $25k a year, save the rest.  By the time you're 30, you're off making your wildest dreams come true. I've been pursuing my dreams - and have been piss poor because of it - all my life.  I've been a starving artist, lived in amazing places, been a journalist &amp; radio personality &amp; voice actor, made a documentary about healthcare narrated by Kiefer Sutherland, started a non-profit teen center, spawned aweso 

Happiness is always most important.  Why waste any moment of your life unhappy?  At 25 you have so much opportunity and usually minimal liabilities.  Don't let this door close on you!  You should be gathering experience and working towards what you want to do.  Pay should be a secondary concern, but generally speaking it follows suit when you follow what you enjoy and do your job well.  So do what makes you happy and what's important to you. For me, it's about having something interesting to work on in a flexible workplace with a culture of winning.  In terms of the role, for me it's about the  

I've been in this position before on both sides.  For a long time I worked a good job as a manager in retail and started to feel a little lost in life.  I was always too tired or my work schedule would conflict with being able to get to my true passion Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.  I then decided to quit my job and pursue my passion full time. I supplemented my income by teaching private lessons and covering classes. I was immensely happy for the first couple of weeks.  For the first time in a very long time I could train as many times as I could possibly imagine within the week.  My progression went th 

At 25 (last year), I quit my job despite my business advisor telling me not to. The whole year before I'd been working doing visa paperwork for international interns getting $6,500 per month at top tech companies in the U.S. It bugged me. I got to hear their experiences and see what they created. Not only did it seem like these 20-somethings were making change and doing it quicker than the bureaucratic non-profit I was working for, but they were developing professionally and getting savings in the bank.   I was 25 and had no background in tech or business, so I didn't have too many options; I h 

There is a NO one answer for everyoneNever base your decision on someone else's answerFor getting the best answer you need the following : 1.) Asking the right questions 2.) Insight into experiences of people who share similar backgrounds as yours and have been through similar(or close to similar) situation3.) Reading up What i shall present is from my experience and a framework that evolved over time.   Framework: Lets break the problem down and observe the intricacies : 1.) Age 2.) Salary3.) Assets 4.) Unhappy Job5.) Happy Job6.) Why are hobbies always fun?7.) Hobby becoming a Job 

It is always a trade-off if you are young and the future is undecided  You can spend your time studying for a higher qualification, but that denies you earning a livingYou can spend your time earning a living, but that denies you backpacking around the worldYou can spend your time backpacking around the world, but that denies you getting into a relationshipYou can get into a relationship but that denies you studying for a higher qualificationThe real problem is thinking the above alternatives are realThey are notThe problem you have to solve is your lifestyle If you study for a higher qualifica 

Everything comes and goes. And sometimes in life you can not control things no matter how hard you try. Cause some of the parameters can be controlled by you and some can not. I think is better if you accept this. There is no thing that can make you happy and thing that can make you unhappy--how do you know this?? Cause for some years it can make you happy and after that unhappy and maybe happy again, or maybe it won't turn up as you originally thought. So stop worrying so much about it. Do what you think is right at the time of thinking cause you can not predict the future. If you go for the  

With entrepreneurship comes additional risk.  The ideal time to take those risks are when your life is aligned to do so.  Whether you have a spouse that is bringing home the stable bacon, or a spartan lifestyle that can accommodate lack of stable income, doesn't really matter.  The critical thing is to understand the sacrifices you are making financially and that your loved ones do so and truly support the decision as well.  This means not living on credit cards, not having the coolest phones/clothes/apartment/vacations etc.  If you truly love what you are doing you'll find you don't care near 

I\'m likely to not in favor of the grain here and say the organization task. Hear me personally out (there\'s a caveat in right here). I\'m 30, so I\'m near your actual age. Myself and my buddies have experienced to make comparable decisions and I\'ve had a beneficial few years to observe how they're just starting to play away. Some went using their hobby, some went aided by the corporate work. We\'re all over the place; I operate in finance, my closest friend is a physicist at MIT, another of my close friends may be the leader in a touring rock-band but another in somewhere in Thailand wonderin 

At age 25, would you pursue a good paying corporate job that makes you unhappy or a hobby that makes you happy, but has no guarantee to pay the bills? What would you advise?
I'm a 38 year old American guy that did not contemplate what you are doing at 25. I chased the dot.bom boom with a 68K, a 105K , and a 120K salary increases within 24 months into Silicon Valley from the east coast in 1999 (high-ish compensation for an undergrad for those years).  I was raised frugal so I saved and blindly invested like a good boy without any goal in sight. I quit, was laid off, or fired from 9 jobs since - the longest stints at a video game maker, large investment bank, and an insurance place - all as either a Sys Admin or (switch/router/firewall) Network Engineer.  (The bank  

Pursue a great-paying job!!  Anyone who knows me would shit a brick to hear me say this.   25 is very young.  Get a great job, but live like a pauper. Depending on your city, you should live off $25k a year, save the rest.  By the time you're 30, you're off making your wildest dreams come true. I've been pursuing my dreams - and have been piss poor because of it - all my life.  I've been a starving artist, lived in amazing places, been a journalist &amp; radio personality &amp; voice actor, made a documentary about healthcare narrated by Kiefer Sutherland, started a non-profit teen center, spawned aweso 

Happiness is always most important.  Why waste any moment of your life unhappy?  At 25 you have so much opportunity and usually minimal liabilities.  Don't let this door close on you!  You should be gathering experience and working towards what you want to do.  Pay should be a secondary concern, but generally speaking it follows suit when you follow what you enjoy and do your job well.  So do what makes you happy and what's important to you. For me, it's about having something interesting to work on in a flexible workplace with a culture of winning.  In terms of the role, for me it's about the  

I've been in this position before on both sides.  For a long time I worked a good job as a manager in retail and started to feel a little lost in life.  I was always too tired or my work schedule would conflict with being able to get to my true passion Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.  I then decided to quit my job and pursue my passion full time. I supplemented my income by teaching private lessons and covering classes. I was immensely happy for the first couple of weeks.  For the first time in a very long time I could train as many times as I could possibly imagine within the week.  My progression went th 

At 25 (last year), I quit my job despite my business advisor telling me not to. The whole year before I'd been working doing visa paperwork for international interns getting $6,500 per month at top tech companies in the U.S. It bugged me. I got to hear their experiences and see what they created. Not only did it seem like these 20-somethings were making change and doing it quicker than the bureaucratic non-profit I was working for, but they were developing professionally and getting savings in the bank.   I was 25 and had no background in tech or business, so I didn't have too many options; I h 

There is a NO one answer for everyoneNever base your decision on someone else's answerFor getting the best answer you need the following : 1.) Asking the right questions 2.) Insight into experiences of people who share similar backgrounds as yours and have been through similar(or close to similar) situation3.) Reading up What i shall present is from my experience and a framework that evolved over time.   Framework: Lets break the problem down and observe the intricacies : 1.) Age 2.) Salary3.) Assets 4.) Unhappy Job5.) Happy Job6.) Why are hobbies always fun?7.) Hobby becoming a Job 

It is always a trade-off if you are young and the future is undecided  You can spend your time studying for a higher qualification, but that denies you earning a livingYou can spend your time earning a living, but that denies you backpacking around the worldYou can spend your time backpacking around the world, but that denies you getting into a relationshipYou can get into a relationship but that denies you studying for a higher qualificationThe real problem is thinking the above alternatives are realThey are notThe problem you have to solve is your lifestyle If you study for a higher qualifica 

Everything comes and goes. And sometimes in life you can not control things no matter how hard you try. Cause some of the parameters can be controlled by you and some can not. I think is better if you accept this. There is no thing that can make you happy and thing that can make you unhappy--how do you know this?? Cause for some years it can make you happy and after that unhappy and maybe happy again, or maybe it won't turn up as you originally thought. So stop worrying so much about it. Do what you think is right at the time of thinking cause you can not predict the future. If you go for the  

With entrepreneurship comes additional risk.  The ideal time to take those risks are when your life is aligned to do so.  Whether you have a spouse that is bringing home the stable bacon, or a spartan lifestyle that can accommodate lack of stable income, doesn't really matter.  The critical thing is to understand the sacrifices you are making financially and that your loved ones do so and truly support the decision as well.  This means not living on credit cards, not having the coolest phones/clothes/apartment/vacations etc.  If you truly love what you are doing you'll find you don't care near 

I\'m likely to not in favor of the grain here and say the organization task. Hear me personally out (there\'s a caveat in right here). I\'m 30, so I\'m near your actual age. Myself and my buddies have experienced to make comparable decisions and I\'ve had a beneficial few years to observe how they're just starting to play away. Some went using their hobby, some went aided by the corporate work. We\'re all over the place; I operate in finance, my closest friend is a physicist at MIT, another of my close friends may be the leader in a touring rock-band but another in somewhere in Thailand wonderin 

What are the pros and cons of not moving up the ladder in a career?
What does no one tell you about job searching?
I’m a bit late to this question but I wanted to add to it. There are already a few good answers here, I may second a couple of their points. If you want a TL:DR :- job searching and recruitment is generally dehumanizing bullshit. But if you want my bullet point list (and sorry, it is a bit negative!) here it is. If you are searching and applying yourself :- Think about which companies you are applying to and why. Is the job right for you? Really? Is it what you want to do or are you just impressed with the job title or salary? Or the company name? I know “google” is a sexy name and you’ll feel coo

A lot of things are actually findable about this, since people are honest about their experiences. Just a few of the ones I don’t see or not often: Sometimes, you just don’t get the job no matter how many books you read on interviewing or websites or prep. Sometimes you just aren’t who they are looking for and it isn’t your fault.You never know why you got turned down for the job unless someone tells you through back channels. You might think you know but they have no incentive to tell you the truth. If you smelled funny that day they wouldn’t tell you even if that information would help you.Get

There are a number of replies (many with lists like this) but I can’t resist an opportunity to add my own (very recent - I start in a couple weeks) experience with job searching and the things that surprised me. To clarify, I’m a ‘mid-career’ professional that’s taken about six months out of the workplace to evaluate what’s next for me professionally (as well as personally). This used to be called a sabbatical, something not entirely uncommon. Explaining a resume gap or that I’ve gone another direction in my career than is obvious has taken a lot of time. I am not seeking a position similar to  

I think the main thing no one tells you about job searching is the actual time and emotional investment it will take to find the right job and get hired. Serious job searching for a well-paying job hiring than an entry-level minimum wage position requires much more than people bargain for. Maybe deep down that is why so many people would prefer to stay with the miserable job they currently have than to go out and get another one. First off to have an effective job search for a good-paying job will take time and persistence for the most part. I tell my clients all the time that they should view  

When applying for jobs that require expertise, education and experience in the field, it often takes a lot of time, emotional and psychological preparation to finally secure a job. I will be talking about my personal road to getting a job in a completely new market/country and 10x times better paid position. My CV has short-term positions, I am a self-taught marketing specialist and I don’t know the local language — so yes, this was a fun ride to take. What job searching taught me: Get professional help. You might use career counselors / specialists, but I completed the Interview and Resume Writi

 It’s 10:33 PM, you’re tired but want to get out the perfect message. By now, you’ve crafted a pretty slick reply. “Not too shabby”, you think to yourself. You give it a few one-overs, and then one more. You’re overthinking it, but that’s natural. Nerves come into the picture. “What if she/he doesn’t get it?” “What if she/he didn’t get what I meant by using this word?” “Am I rambling here?” After overthinking it for 80 minutes too long, you finally send it off. Then you wait. And wait. ….and wait.  Sounds exactly like dating, huh? This same scenario happens when job hunting. And you can see it’s almost e 

You have updated your CV and you are all set to apply for the jobs. You upload your CV in all the job portals and maintain 90% and above profile rate so recruiters can find you. So you eagerly wait no calls. No calls you'll tell yourself it will take 24 hrs for my CV to get notified. Meanwhile you get your LinkedIn up-to-date with all enabling of notify recruiters etc. Still no calls. So mid week one afternoon your phone rings and you pick with excitement saying finally, well to your disappointment it's a call from HDFC bank asking you to take credit card. Hahahahaha. True this happens. So after 4 

1. ATS Will Reject You Applicant Tracking Systems (ATS) is a digital resume scanning software that screens out applicants in a way to choose first candidates for the first line of interviews. Firms get hundreds, sometimes thousands, of answers to a single job place, so this makes things simpler for them. Therefore, you're out of luck if your resume isn't compatible with regular ATS software. You will need a resume with strong keywords and the perfect format to avoid rejection. If you're searching for work rather than beating ATS, you may also stop looking. 2. Your Cover Letter Is Not Being Read Th 

It is (or should be) a full-time job, it takes a lot of work, and it can take a long time. If you are just dabbling on the internet, submitting the occasional resume and waiting to hear back from one potential employer before contacting the next one - you’re doing it wrong. And if you’re expecting to land a $100,000 position in just a few weeks of looking then your expectations are too high. The rule of thumb a decade or so ago was to expect to spend a month looking for a job for every $10,000 in anticipated salary - this is likely shortened now, but the point remains that finding a job takes  

Job search is a pain somewhere in your lower back. Yup i am talking about ass. Job search has become so easy though. With so many websites and linkedIn, you can easily search jobs. Getting the job is the tough part. But, the only rule i follow is that i dont follow any rule. I call people out. If i see someone on linkedIn who can help me, i ping them. I have mastered the art of rejection but i never forget to ask for the feedback. I don’t let the recruiters go silent on me. I keep asking them question related to job even days after interviews. Yesterday, i got a call from PWC, they were looking fo 

What's the best way to get your résumé noticed?
You want your resume to stand out. You know that when you apply for that job online, you’re competing with 100s of other applicants. Your resume is a needle in a haystack. What’s going to make it so special that it screams “Read Me” to the person receiving it at the other end? The thought of creating a resume that looks different appeals to you at first. You might have checked Google Images or Pinterest for “Good Resume Designs” and was amazed by those colorful resumes with the text blocks and shapes and dots and pictures. If you choose to create a resume that has got a design full of color and fla 

I’ve been a hiring manager for 30 years. The best way to get your resume noticed and land an interview is to do two critically important things, neither of which most applicants do. Let the job description entirely determine what you put on your resume. Leave off everything that isn’t directly related to the position you are applying for.Bypass the recruiter and HR. Bypass online boards. Put your resume directly into the hands of the hiring manager. Don’t allow anyone the opportunity to filter you out.There are a lot of reasons for this that we explain further in our 50-page book, On Reinventin 

The best way to get your resume noticed is to ensure it is a good (or great) fit for the job.  Many resumes are scanned for keywords these days and if your resume does not have the appropriate keywords it is unlikely that the hiring manager will see the resume. What determines if a resume is effective? Your resume is effective if it gets you the interview.Need help writing your resume or CV? Your resume is your most important job search tool and it can be quite difficult to write if this is the first time you’ve created your resume. Start with researching resume tips so that you can determine  

I would draw inspiration from Seth Godin's recent blog post: No direction home   The thing is, whether you're a newly graduating senior (in hundreds of thousands of dollars of debt) or a middle-aged, experienced knowledge worker looking for a new job, what the best gigs want to know is: Can you show me a history of generous, talented, extraordinary side projects?Have you ever been so passionate about your work that you've gone in through the side door?Are you an expert at something that actually generates value?Have you connected with leaders in the field in moments when you weren't actually loo

OMG… this is such a great question! :) Getting your resume noticed as well as getting yourself noticed in the professional world is the most crucial part of the job search - and most people do it entirely wrong!! Using vibrant colors, graphs, and pictures in your resume is not the way to go! I get so many people who come to me on a daily basis with their resumes full of colored fonts or excessive (I mean excessive) page breakers or ridiculous formats thinking that it’ll stand out to recruiters, and wonder why they aren’t getting interviews…. so I tell them about ATS. Applicant Tracking Systems (A 

Lead a Creative Life.  Do Something Unusual. I believe in substance over tricks and gimmicks.  I have never tried to think of creative things to do to a resume to make the resume get noticed. You should do things in your life that make you stand out.  That's where it is worth being creative. Start by thinking creatively about the things that you already like or are good at.  The activity that you enjoy may be very common, something done by many people, for example childcare or cooking.  Do something unusual with it.   For example, write a book.  Be creative:  How about a cookbook with meals that w 

Your résumé is a Marketing Material which has to sell your Personal Brand. You need to create a resume that brings out the best of what you possess, and do it in such a way that it looks appealing enough to get their attention. There are many creative alternatives to get your resume noticed. Some of them are listed here. Tweet the company you want to work with, retweet and engage in their conversation, when the time comes just mention that you applied for a position in a retweet.Give a value proposition. List 3 areas where the company could improve, or the application, service can improve. List

I know it’s pretty hard to get noticed when your CV is lying in the pool of thousand plus applicants. I am sharing a few tips to help you score visibility for your CV : Upload a professional pic in your resume: No matter how many counter-arguments you hear on whether to use or not your picture in your resume, truth is, your resume will not be skipped without viewing if you have a nice professional picture. Network, Connect with people who have a larger reach: Your resume will have a different seat and greater visibility when it goes through a referral, so networking will certainly help to connec 

I'm writing from the perspective of a former banker and member of the undergraduate and MBA recruiting teams at a bulge-bracket investment bank (and now ceo of a startup).  First: how to get your resume noticed, doing stuff that has nothing to do with your actual resume: 1. If available, come to all recruiting events that the firm puts on in your school or city. How aggressive to be? Be "firm" in not letting yourself get shoved aside by obnoxious peers. Do not be obnoxious to anyone, especially those whom one might perceive obnoxious behavior towards as a sign of snottiness (translation: be nice  

There are a few key points to get your resume/ CV noticed by a recruiter: Your resume or CV must be tailored to a specific job role. An employer will look at your CV for a few seconds to see if it matches the key requirements and skills in their job description and person specification. LinkedIn have an excellent article with further information.Create a compelling personal summary which matches the job description/ person specification and that encourages the recruiter to invite you to interview.Add a skills section under your personal summary. This should highlight the particular skills requi

Why is it so difficult to get a job as a web programmer after being fired?
I've read a thoughtful analysis by Jordan Ambra. While it applies 100% to the US, it doesn't necessarily reflect how things work in less developed countries. Speaking from experience, I know that there are countries where professional culture is such that even highly valuable employees are treated  like crap, because any manager above them considers himself to be an all-knowing semi-deity who his underlings are supposed to obey without any questions even if they are kick-ass developers. So, I would be willing to give you a benefit of the doubt, except for the fact that you scoring just one inte 

I'm going to give you some harsh reality in the hopes that it will help you get your career jumpstarted again. Leave your ego and defensive measures down for a few minutes. 1. Stop blaming your previous manager. You were fired because you didn't fit the company or you didn't read the situation properly. It feels good to blame somebody else because it alleviates your shame of being fired. It's the easy way out. But don't do that. You messed up. It's your fault. Move on with life after you learn what went wrong. Here's a hint: you didn't communicate effectively with your manager about your boundar 

Congratulations on your newfound freedom! Make apps. Build services. Identify friction in the world, then ease it. Control your path. People who choose freedom often have to screw up the courage to quit their jobs. You have the advantage of having been let go. Seize this good fortune.  What's happened to you happens to many over time. Companies downsize. New managers want to rebuild teams according to some vision that requires new blood. Mergers happen and redundant people get axed. Or you inadvertently piss someone off and get fired.  Whatever the catalyst is, the result is the same: the steady  

it's not difficult to get a job as a front-end engineer after being fired: it's difficult to get a job as a front-end engineer.  This is counter intuitive because anyone working in a tech company will tell you that they can't hire enough engineers! Employed engineers also get a false sense of security by being contacted every day by recruiters.  However, tech recruitment is still very selective. If a big tech recruiter has the slightest doubt that a candidate is going to be less than stellar, they won't extend an offer. This make the interview process somewhat random; great candidates could be o 

Clueless Middle Manager? Refusing to fit in with the company? Unwilling to work overtime? Hmmm. Whatever could be wrong with them? And now they've got the hide to tell everyone who phones for a reference about you.  How dare they! Yep, the food vans every night are lined up with people just like you. All demanding those who buy the food out of their own pocket to hand out "Get some decent food for a change". Ever heard of St Vincent De Paul's hostel for the homeless? Every city has one or one like it. They've all got full dining rooms every night too. Mostly complaining about the $1, three  

I'm going to answer the first part of your question with another question: Why are two thirds of applications I get for a web developer position missing a cover letter, and almost all the ones that do have a cover letter, do not even mention why they want to work at my company? Why did you send an exact copy of the application for a completely different position at my company? Even worse, most resumes list a bunch of programming languages. That means nothing...  Do you think I am a 1990's search engine and those words will give you a better rank? Tell me specific examples of what you created wi 

I'm going to give you a different answer than most people here, because I have no idea whether you really were at fault or really did just have terrible management. I've had both. Either way it sounds to me like you chafe under management, and maybe the cubicle farm isn't for you - if you have the talent and passion for being independent. I can't tell you whether you can make money with an app. If I could predict the success of apps before they launched, I'd be a billionaire VC (and honestly, they can't either). I can tell you that regardless of whether it's successful, it's a resume item. You  

IMO some of the answers are being quite presumptuous, reading a bit too much beyond what the question asks. I might presume that a bit of bitterness or candor might have affected your interview, but one interview is just that. If you've had 5-10 interviews with the same results, then post a question like this on Quora! There are many rational and irrational reasons to not get an interview or a job offer. There are multiple candidates and focus is going to be on the best fit, which might be as simple as wearing a fraternity ring. Examine yourself and improve, but be confident and open to change. 

[1] I think only you can answer this question. Nobody can tell you what decision to make. But I have a suggestion that includes both alternatives: you can use your entrepreneurial spirit to get a job offer from a company that you want to work with while working on your app business. What is the purpose of a job? It is to solve problems and take responsibilities.  So, DON’T TELL them about what you have done and your job history, but SHOW them what you can do. This is what you have to do: 1. Choose a company that you like and that respects your standards, possibly also the one that you already interv 

Who told you that getting a job is difficult after firing from a company? If you don't get a job within 2 months it doesn't mean that its very difficult and firing play a very negative role in getting new job.Please remember - Nothing is permanent and no one company has a relationship with any employee. You are in a company till you are useful and fulfilling the requirements.So, make a strong friendship with your skills and if this friendship is really strong, no one can fire you. In this corporate environment, companies are open to hire the qualified and skilled programmer and they don't ca 

How should I prepare to get placed in Amazon?
What does no one tell you about job searching?
I’m a bit late to this question but I wanted to add to it. There are already a few good answers here, I may second a couple of their points. If you want a TL:DR :- job searching and recruitment is generally dehumanizing bullshit. But if you want my bullet point list (and sorry, it is a bit negative!) here it is. If you are searching and applying yourself :- Think about which companies you are applying to and why. Is the job right for you? Really? Is it what you want to do or are you just impressed with the job title or salary? Or the company name? I know “google” is a sexy name and you’ll feel coo

A lot of things are actually findable about this, since people are honest about their experiences. Just a few of the ones I don’t see or not often: Sometimes, you just don’t get the job no matter how many books you read on interviewing or websites or prep. Sometimes you just aren’t who they are looking for and it isn’t your fault.You never know why you got turned down for the job unless someone tells you through back channels. You might think you know but they have no incentive to tell you the truth. If you smelled funny that day they wouldn’t tell you even if that information would help you.Get

There are a number of replies (many with lists like this) but I can’t resist an opportunity to add my own (very recent - I start in a couple weeks) experience with job searching and the things that surprised me. To clarify, I’m a ‘mid-career’ professional that’s taken about six months out of the workplace to evaluate what’s next for me professionally (as well as personally). This used to be called a sabbatical, something not entirely uncommon. Explaining a resume gap or that I’ve gone another direction in my career than is obvious has taken a lot of time. I am not seeking a position similar to  

I think the main thing no one tells you about job searching is the actual time and emotional investment it will take to find the right job and get hired. Serious job searching for a well-paying job hiring than an entry-level minimum wage position requires much more than people bargain for. Maybe deep down that is why so many people would prefer to stay with the miserable job they currently have than to go out and get another one. First off to have an effective job search for a good-paying job will take time and persistence for the most part. I tell my clients all the time that they should view  

When applying for jobs that require expertise, education and experience in the field, it often takes a lot of time, emotional and psychological preparation to finally secure a job. I will be talking about my personal road to getting a job in a completely new market/country and 10x times better paid position. My CV has short-term positions, I am a self-taught marketing specialist and I don’t know the local language — so yes, this was a fun ride to take. What job searching taught me: Get professional help. You might use career counselors / specialists, but I completed the Interview and Resume Writi

 It’s 10:33 PM, you’re tired but want to get out the perfect message. By now, you’ve crafted a pretty slick reply. “Not too shabby”, you think to yourself. You give it a few one-overs, and then one more. You’re overthinking it, but that’s natural. Nerves come into the picture. “What if she/he doesn’t get it?” “What if she/he didn’t get what I meant by using this word?” “Am I rambling here?” After overthinking it for 80 minutes too long, you finally send it off. Then you wait. And wait. ….and wait.  Sounds exactly like dating, huh? This same scenario happens when job hunting. And you can see it’s almost e 

You have updated your CV and you are all set to apply for the jobs. You upload your CV in all the job portals and maintain 90% and above profile rate so recruiters can find you. So you eagerly wait no calls. No calls you'll tell yourself it will take 24 hrs for my CV to get notified. Meanwhile you get your LinkedIn up-to-date with all enabling of notify recruiters etc. Still no calls. So mid week one afternoon your phone rings and you pick with excitement saying finally, well to your disappointment it's a call from HDFC bank asking you to take credit card. Hahahahaha. True this happens. So after 4 

1. ATS Will Reject You Applicant Tracking Systems (ATS) is a digital resume scanning software that screens out applicants in a way to choose first candidates for the first line of interviews. Firms get hundreds, sometimes thousands, of answers to a single job place, so this makes things simpler for them. Therefore, you're out of luck if your resume isn't compatible with regular ATS software. You will need a resume with strong keywords and the perfect format to avoid rejection. If you're searching for work rather than beating ATS, you may also stop looking. 2. Your Cover Letter Is Not Being Read Th 

It is (or should be) a full-time job, it takes a lot of work, and it can take a long time. If you are just dabbling on the internet, submitting the occasional resume and waiting to hear back from one potential employer before contacting the next one - you’re doing it wrong. And if you’re expecting to land a $100,000 position in just a few weeks of looking then your expectations are too high. The rule of thumb a decade or so ago was to expect to spend a month looking for a job for every $10,000 in anticipated salary - this is likely shortened now, but the point remains that finding a job takes  

Job search is a pain somewhere in your lower back. Yup i am talking about ass. Job search has become so easy though. With so many websites and linkedIn, you can easily search jobs. Getting the job is the tough part. But, the only rule i follow is that i dont follow any rule. I call people out. If i see someone on linkedIn who can help me, i ping them. I have mastered the art of rejection but i never forget to ask for the feedback. I don’t let the recruiters go silent on me. I keep asking them question related to job even days after interviews. Yesterday, i got a call from PWC, they were looking fo 

What new job titles will be in demand in 2020?
Today every industry and firm- whether or not they are in the technology field, are being buffeted by the winds of technological change. Technologies are bringing transforming changes in almost every startup as well as established corporations, resulting in a big impact on the career world too.  In such a scenario, if you are eager to know what career will rock 2020, here are a few:- #1 Artificial Intelligence Specialists This year is going to be a great year in AI-related employment dynamics. Gartner, a research firm, says that AI alone has no less than 1.4 million jobs that are open at the momen 

Top 5 employment trends of 2020 that will affect Millennials The year 2020 will be the year when we will see a complete shift in how people will be looking to getting compensated. Millennials in India are the biggest generation ever and this is causing a demographic shift. By 2025 and the start of the year 2020, Millennials will make up around 75% of the workforce by 2025. They bring with them many new challenges for companies as employee desires are shifting heavily towards work-life balance, flexibility, and career growth path. They are motivated by new challenges and gaining new skills. Trend  

Few of the jobs that will be in most demand in 2020’s will be 1 - Data Analysts - With the technology disruptions data analysts will be in huge demand accross all industries. 2 - Computer programmers, software developers, information security analysts, Software Testing analysts 3 - IoT , IT Architects 4 - Specialised (Technology) Sales consultants - With the growth in the technological area there will be dusruption in all industries and so there will be a growing need for specialized sales people who can explain clients about new trends (technology they have never used before and why will it be us 

Lesbian/Gay Divorce Lawyer - This area will boom once gay marriages are allowed.  Many unions will take place as individuals, prompted by change in the law engendering a feeling of good-will, eagerly exercise their new-found rights.  Unfortunately, some will enter into this legal union without first having thought through the commitment being undertaken.  Expect a boom in this legal specialty once expectations come down to earth.  Server Farm-er - As cloud computing initiatives drive the return to the "glass house," in which computing power becomes more centralized in so named "grids", "server  

These are the top 5 emerging jobs by 2020 as per a report. Top 3  job prospectives are from healthcare which is also mentioned by the Buerau of labour statstics in US as an emerging career. other two career options are not that favoured by educated people still I have included as mentioned in the reportYou can read the report about the TOP 30 Jobs by 2020 here Page on Bu  If you're considering switching careers or are just starting to think about where to start yours, this is the list for you: The US Bureau of Labor Statistics projections of the 30 fastest-growing careers. The report estimat 

3D Printer - like a small town print shop owner now, only their shop makes digital things into physical things. By 2020 people will often abbreviate it just "Printer" and everyone will know what they mean. "Bugger, the flubbly bolt broke, could you go to the printer and get a new one?" Phone Surfer - someone who practices the craft of getting things done via the social, reward-based, work games which we will all be playing on our (smart)phones. You want a simple demographic survey? Or to stress test a new bank design against attack? A phone surfer will use existing (or make new) games to crowd  

I would say the highest paid, most in demand jobs in the 2020s will be Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning Computer Scientist, followed by some flavor of Molecular Biologist / Genomics Researcher specializing in CRIPSR-Cas9 (or it’s successors) development, which will probably also encompass Nano Materials Researcher. If you want a more statistically solid answer for every job category &amp; sub category (but not very precise or newly defined jobs), then check out the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics Occupational Outlook Handbook. If you want fairly trustworthy forecasts of technology and econ 

Today, everyone is running into tech-oriented jobs for the myriad range of opportunities it offers. There have been various reports and stories covering this trending topic that’s running in the lives of people. The majority of career options today are driven towards technology and are going strong digitally. As far as the list of trending jobs for the year 2010 is concerned, here I have shared a comprehensive catalog of the records. India’s most in-demand jobs, as per LinkedIn’s new emerging jobs report has the following ones, namely: Blockchain DeveloperArtificial intelligence specialistJavaScr

In the present world of fierce competition for jobs and employment opportunities, creative job titles go a long way to attract the attention of employers and companies. Playful and creative job titles are opted by leading companies and organizations to make their workplace and the jobs more enjoyable. This also energizes the office environment and creates a willingness to work and come to the office regularly. Some of the most creative job titles: Head of First Impressions (Receptionist)Sous Chef (Product development Head)Master of Disaster (Disaster Management Lead)Crayon Evangelist (Graphic Des

Well, it has been a trend to find out the latest thing in demand and do a course/education and hop on to that wave. Fairly this seems to be foolproof but seldom does things work out according to plan!!! All reports indicate that demand is very high for data analytics field and also face a crunch of quality analytics personnel. The bad news is you are going to automate so much - it could be good for the society ( more accurate medical diagnostics / Driver free cars etc) but you are essentially driving humanity to jobless ness in the next decade. There would be very few folks actually monitoring th 

How many projects should I mention in my resume?
What are some tips to make your job search more efficient?
Hop on Google to look for job search advice, and you’ll find plenty of articles, podcasts, and LinkedIn posts with tips that require hours each day to implement. Some suggest creating an in-depth “value validation” project for each role. Others tell you to reach out to 100 people a week until you get an offer. For most people, that type of time-intensive job search is out of the question. Many people don’t have the luxury of taking time off to hunt for a job. In fact, even landing an interview can be a stressful situation if it requires taking a sick day or finding someone to pick up the kids fro 

Yeh, wouldn’t it be nice to have such a set of “hacks”. Then you could get a job with no effort, and with few if any actual qualifications. Then, when your boss finds out that you really can’t do the job, but he was swindled into hiring you due to “hacks”, you could quit. Then go bamboozle someone else into hiring you, at a hiorger salary. You would stay ther gain only until your craved ws discovered. Probably a shorter job tenure each time. Before long, ou would have to get new job every week, or even more frequently Of course, with your collegction of “hacks” that should not be difficult. Obvio 

Thanks for asking! I have searched for jobs quite a few times since the start of my career, and I have figured out how to make the job search more efficient. What I used to do When I just started fresh out of college, I had no idea how to job search in the first place. Of course, I had read all the articles all over the internet and in newspapers/magazines for a successful job hunt. Some of them were glued into my brain cells, others not so much. I didn’t really know what I wanted to the extent that I sighed right after graduating “why can’t my pension just start now already?” So I sourced websi 

“Hello, I am struggling to find a job for the summer. Can you help me?” I receive several of these requests every month, on Quora or LinkedIn. I try to be a nice guy and help when I can but a request like that tells me why you are struggling to find a job. You are lazy. You took two seconds to write that request and left it wide open for me to do all the work. I know nothing about you, have no clue what you’ve tried so far, your skills, your ambition, etc. Then you ask me an open-ended question which leaves all of the detective work to me. Now, I have to email you back and say “Could you please 

One of the things I have learned from the application process is how important it is to develop a network of people within your desired industry. If you can nail down your networking, you’ll be able to take that skill into your career. There are no more excuses for serious people looking for jobs because of how easy it is to reach out. In this section, we will go over how to identify and reach out to people who are considered valuable connections. Working your network The phrase “working your network” can come off a bit cynical. But think of it like this: working your network means providing valu 

1) Approach finding a job as if it were a full-time job, because it is. If you had a job, you would report to work at the same time each day (like 8 am), take an hour (or less) for lunch, and quit at the same time each day (like 5 pm). You would work five days every week. And you would work hard to accomplish as much as you could because your career depended upon it. When you are searching for a job, you should follow the same type of schedule because your future depends upon it. Treating your job search like a part-time hobby guarantees that it will take longer. So, begin tomorrow by reporting t 

How is your resume?  You can significantly increase your odds of getting interviews with a well-written resume. 1. Showcase your value!  Pack your resume with powerful (honest!) evidence of your past success.  Do not limit yourself to a list of tasks and job activities.  How have you helped your employers and customers to solve real-world problems and create important improvements?  Use numeric evidence wherever possible.   2. Know your audience!  Make sure to always tailor your resume to a specific job opening.  Hiring managers will likely spend only 10 seconds review your resume.  Do you have 

I’ve made a whole video on this, will link it below. It illustrates 10 tips in detail plus a bonus tip! homework: research the company, the position, and the interviewerReach 20 mins earlyDress for successPay attention to your smell: coffee, cigarettes, garlic and onions just before the interview don’t help ya!Body language: watch yourself in terms of eye contact, posture and handshakeRefrain from rude or inappropriate comments, like flirting, texting, interruptingShow you are a person of integrity: avoid sharing confidential information like names and financial numbersBe mindful that you’re no

6 Job Search Tips That Are So Basic People Forget Them  The irony of job search advice: There’s so much available that you don’t have to spend more than four seconds Googling before you land on some nugget of wisdom or another. Yet, at the same time, there’s so much available (some of which completely contradicts other advice you’ll find) that it can easily overwhelm you. Which, in fact, is probably the exact opposite outcome you’re looking for when you go sleuthing for genuinely useful counsel in the first place. So let’s do this: Let’s boil things down to a short list of sound, timeless job sear 

Whatever the reason for your job search, and no matter how urgent your need to look for a new job may seem, you will save tons of time and aggravation if you first spend a little time planning out your job search approach. A good job search plan will help you land a new job as quickly as possible. Your Job Search Plan – You can’t execute on a plan if you don’t have one. Don’t worry, this is not about spending all of your time creating a plan, but you do need to know how, where and what you will do in your job search. Your “plan” is essentially to create the lists you will need to get your job  

What are some tips &amp; tricks I should know before going to an interview?
Here’s an excerpt of an article I wrote about Interview tips [Full article here: The Top 10 Do’s and Don’ts in Job Interviews.] Job interviews can be long and tedious, not to mention stressful. We have all been there sweating and wondering. However, sometimes, a simple checklist can relieve our anxiety. Below are 20 tips to keep in mind before every interview. If you can manage to accomplish most of them, then you should feel confident going into the interview room.  The Do’s 10. Groom up! Undoubtedly, a no brainer. You have to bring your A-game when dressing up for the interview and this is not a  

First impressions are pretty important (Primacy effect). So make sure you are appropriately dressed, well-groomed, and enter the room with a smile and a pleasing countenance. So is the final impression. (Recency effect) Make sure you end the interview on a good note. Do your homework when it comes to the role you are applying for, the company profile, the industry outlook and future trajectory.  Most interviews end with the interviewer soliciting questions from the candidate. Try and ask something relevant and interesting.  Get some sleep the night before.You want to be well-rested and fully a 

To build up an unprecedented first association you should have unbelievable data on that particular association and its thing, and you need to know accurately how to pass on that you are the perfect fit for the movement. 1)Look at the goal association: Before the gathering, you ought to reliably need to analyze the association where you are applying. Put in two or three hours checking all that you can about the association—from different sources you can. Attempt to get some answers concerning the association from contacts and mates, read notable news statements about the association, you can more 

You’ll likely get many responses on this one as it’s a quandary for many. So thank you for asking. Here’s my spin to add to those you may have already received. Relax. Many candidates appear uptight, nervous, anxious and all around uncomfortable. If the job is for a position that requires you to be a relaxed, welcoming presence in the company, this will send entirely the wrong message. And, even if you aren’t applying for a job that this is a requirement, decision makers often make a decision that includes the question “ which of these candidates would I enjoy working with” Let that be you. Inh

 The Whiteboard Effect! Today is one of the biggest days of my life! Clearing 3 rounds of interviews for a position with a Fortune 100 company, I am invited for the final round. Elated, I start my preparations, researching the company and get my favorite attire ready for the D-Day! I desperately need the job and I sure don’t want to make a bad impression by turning up late. But I overestimate the Bangalore traffic and end up an hour early. Normally, I am a confident guy who performs well under pressure but today I am certainly off my game. Why, you may ask? Because I have never worked for a company wh 

Preparation for an interview starts from the day you got to know that on the certain day you have an interview.  Currently updated and well informed about the current dynamics.  Keep this thing very clear in your mind, no matter what the job profile is, you should be very well informed about what all is happening around the globe. Better start reading a good news paper. Make it a habit of having a personal point of view to every news that you think is important. It is perfectly okay to disagree. About your subject.  You don't have to mug up everything again when it comes to subjects in your qual 

Here are some simple last minute tips for success. Keep these tips always in your palm in order to proceed with a smooth and impressive interview. Greet the interviewer as Ms. or Mr. Many people around you prefer that you call them by their first name, however, in the case of your interviewer, neither he is your friend nor your acquaintance, call them with their last name. You must be thinking, what is the big deal in calling a person with his last name? It is often considered that calling a person with his last name indicates that he is being respected. An interviewer judges the interviewee every 

If you want to make a great impression and stand out from the crowd, follow the 9 strategies below and weave the knowledge they impart into your responses. Then you'll truly ace your interview. 1. Identify Your “Hook” Most hiring managers interview a lot of people. So many that they generally have to go back to their notes to remember candidates—the exception being candidates with a strong hook. Sometimes these hooks are how people dress or their personality, but the best hook is a strong story that’s work-related. When you can wow an interviewer with a memorable story that shows what a strong c 

Apparently, I can’t count: Be prepared. Research the organization and the position. Prepare your answers to typical questions; actually write them down so you need to think them through. Come up with at least 3 questions about the organization or position to ask the interviewer.Bring 3 to 5 printed copies of your resume just in case an interviewer needs a clean copy. Also bring the questions you plan to ask and a notepad and pen to make notes. Have a printed copy of the job description too, just in case.Make sure you know the street address, parking situation or public transit schedule, and nam

 Research the people who are interviewing you - Ask for the names of the people who are interviewing you before you head in. Take the time to research each one of them; Google, Facebook, LinkedIn. Have an idea of who they are, know a bit about their career, and prepare some good questions designed to generate some quick rapport. “I saw you went to Emory at the same time as my friend John, was your experience as good as his?”LISTEN LISTEN LISTEN - Here’s the biggest “tip” of them all: Actually listen to what your interviewers are asking and telling you. Actively listen, repeat back to them what 

How does one become more professional?
Thanks for a2a. Interesting question! At its most basic level, being a professional at anything is generally defined as something you do for which you get paid in return.As an example, within the world of sports, you used to have to be an amateur in order to compete in the Olympics. In other words, if ordinarily you were paid for competing, then you were excluded from competing in the Olympics. With all star basketball teams &amp; internationally ranked golfers now taking part, that distinction criteria seems to have slipped somewhat.Before this happened though, the difference in amateur approach  

It's all in the details. Once you've got your basic professional attire mastered* (for whatever your line of work/dress requires), what brings you the extra mile is in the details. These are two-pronged: attitude and accessories. Attitude: Projecting confidence will make you look more professional. Some things you can do to help with this are maintaining good (but not uncomfortable) eye contact, smiling, nodding occasionally, and being both an active listener and a clear and thoughtful speaker.Being approachable and open to discussions of all kinds helps, especially when paired with confidence (

Thank you for the question.... These things will make you professional aesthetics wise….And some of them will make you professional work wise... Coming up with tips that will make the young professionals taken more seriously... Bonus at the end... Tip no.1 Wear a watch, it signifies other people that you're responsible, punctual and it makes you care about the time. Tip no.2 Invest in shiny black or brown shoe, they work with suits they work with business casual and and never forget to wear socks, you see lot of young dudes wearing shoe and showing skin ahhh that's completely wrong it's maybe good fo 

Here are some of the key qualities I think we expect from a professional: Competence.  We expect a professional to know his or her trade/subject/product thoroughly and be able to perform associated tasks correctly and in a predictable timeframe.Composure.  When things go wrong, a professional maintains his composure and works throught it, even when a customer, client or colleague is yelling at them.Insight.  A professional has the experience to know what works, what doesn't and what will stand up to the test of time.  We expect the, to share that with us so we can make informed decisions.Integ

I am assuming you have gone past choosing a profession and you are struggling or are stuck at a level that is making you realize you are lesser of a professional. If that is the case there are few things that will always help —develop your online profile — LinkedIn is one prime source for professionals. As you go about doing it, your own confidence will rise. In today’s age people who have bad LinkedIn, are doomed in their career and are at the mercy of others. It’s never late. Do few things on Linkedin starting today — Create a summary, list down your experiences and provide some glimpse about

A professional attitude is essential to achieve success at the workplace or in any formal environment. The demonstration of professionalism is known to move people up the ladder of success. When people recognize you as a professional, they are more inclined to endow you with more responsibility. This indeed enhances your obligations, but as a reward, results in upward mobility in the professional hierarchy. Professionalism is often confused with the qualifications of an individual. However, it is much more than a degree, or any credentials for that matter. It integrates various traits which mak 

Look up “A curmudgeon’s guide” on YouTube and watch it until you can recite it. Look up Jordan Peterson on YouTube and watch until “bucko” and “clean your room” come out of your mouth in conversation on accident. Buy “12 rules for life” and read/listen to it twice. Remember all of life is a negotiation. You cannot negotiate from a position of powerlesness. Know your worth and know it honestly. Raise it when you can. As often as you can. Know the difference between honesty and disclosure. Don't be afraid to be harshly critical of yourself, if you criticize it, the rest of the world will likely criticiz 

Fake it 'til you make it. Even if you have NO idea what you're doing. Life Protip: Almost nobody knows what they're doing. Stand out in a good way by acting like you know what you're doing. Since nobody else knows what they're doing, people will believe you, be relieved that you've got it under control (as far as they know), and be happy with you for being so confident and capable.  Don't gossip, flirt, bad-mouth, or shit-talk. Just don't. Just don't. Particularly in your first "real job." Resist complaining. I'm not going to say "don't complain," because that'd be terribly hypocritical of me. B 

Focus on your Values and Beliefs while you work on acquiring habits which will influence behavior. Thoughts &amp; Ideas influence your Values and Belief, values and belief decide your attitudes, attitudes will in turn show up in behaviors. To acquire thoughts and ideas, a professional needs to not only read but also learn and practice what is learnt. In the book, ‘The professional’, Subroto Baghchi writes about many aspects on the subject of professionalism. I would recommend you read it and then discuss with me if you can. A Professional knows how to manage time, volume and complexity of work. Ther 

To be a professional is to have specialist knowledge in a subject as a result of a course of study and or training. As a professional you are given a certain type of recognition and respect within society. You may be a member of a recognised body that provides certification for is members. Professionals are allowed to self-regulate how they practice their profession through these certification bodies.  ( and of course you have to look the part too [-Blair Underwood]) As a professional you most likely have to conform to some ethical code. For example professional accountants have the responsibilit 

Is it true that road-side food stall owners earn more than average software engineers in India?
Yes it’s true. But it comes with a lot of caveats. It’s not 9–6 job. Roadside stall owners work hard for 15hrs per day at least including the preparation. Moreover it’s both physical and mental work. Stall owners typically wake up very early in the morning around 4 AM and go to the market. They get all the necessary groceries and start preparing for the day by chopping large quantities of vegetables, making the dough and batter, chutneys, curries etc. Their actual business starts around 7AM and goes on until night with hardly an hour of break for lunch and loo. They shut shop maybe around midni 

I did my engineering in 1999 ,did not get a job through campus hiring ,so had to settled myself with low salary for first 4 years , I changed 2 jobs in 4 years and my average take home salary was 7000 Rs per month . In 2004 with all frustration I quit job and decided to start something of my own .Immediately could not think of anything other than selling tea and vada pav’s because that is what I had grown up drinking and eating all the time outside. I had set up something away from my locality in the fear of low profile work. My Tapri(Stall) was illegal, I mean like the other food stall owners, 

Yes, my dad is one of them. Writing here anonymously as I don’t want to reveal my identity and also I know I will get more bashing from you guys for this answer. I’m now 22years old. In the year 1999, my dad lost his job in a cotton mill as supervisor. He has 6 siblings and he is the youngest of them. He left all his relatives in hometown and came to Bangalore with my mom and me. I need to explain my dad’s characteristics here. He has entrepreneurial ability from childhood and a foodie by gene. He thought restaurant is the right profession for him and Bangalore was that time growing city with a  

I was doing my MBA and left to join an ERP company in Hyderabad. Before I left there was this person we affectionately called Balettan who had a road side food stall called ‘Thattukada’ After 3 years I was one day driving down that road and I was surprised to see a 2 storey house and a small restaurant adjacent to it. The same Balettan I found out when I asked my Uncle who stayed nearby had purchased that prime land two properties and constructed both these in 3 years. I barely managed to buy a second hand Maruti Omni!! Another case I know is a small fast food where he only gave parcels as he did n 

India is a country where everyone irrespective of their profession will stand first to criticize a Software Professional. Coming to our question, let’s come in to reality, no person ever dreams to end up as a road side food stall owner from the childhood, but when the situation demands, one have to choose something just to fill their belly.  Image Source : Google But, no food stall will become famous overnight without a proper planning and hard work. Satisfying a customer is really an uphill task for a food stall owner as the “greedy customers” need food with high quality and quantity at a very re 

It is basically due to difference in lifestyle and expenditure . If you are a software engineer and able to live in survival conditions like a road side vendor then you might save alot and will not ask such questions still maintaining you status quo in office , professional life and personal life . Will you be able to travel in general class , most of the time ? It is because you are trained like this to do mental work and calculations . Just like you do your programming or work . If you are weak in particular segment , you revise , take help or explore internet to find logic to survive , to impro 

An average software engineer earn around $6000 per year in India. This is equivalent to ₹4,38,000 per year or ₹1200 per day. Whereas a samosa seller in Mumbai may be earning as much as ₹4000 per day. So yeah, initially it may look like that an average software engineer earns less than roadside food stall owners. However, one must realise a few things before jumping to any conclusions. We are measuring, here, two dissimilar items. On one side, we are taking average salary and on the other side, we are taking the salary of food stall owner, whose business is well established. If we take into account

 There’s a Chinese road-side food stall near my apartment. Takes about five minutes to get from my neighbourhood to that ramshackle food-truck, which is run by not just one, but four North-East Indian Young Adults, who on being astutely observed by me love their work. Placed on their shabby little counter, is their menu — an enormous sheet, with images of succulent Chinese fast-food printed on it, along with their names on the ‘footer’, typed in an eerily impressive font style. During the afternoon summer heat, when you’re out one day and on your way to meet your crazy little sister, you think of  

Just in terms of how much money they make, for some levels it may be true. But is pay the only thing that one cares about? And even with pay, it is true only up till a certain point. Social Status / Gentry I am not talking about education or respect. I do respect all jobs and no job is smaller than other, but it is a fact, that a software engineer will always be more socially acceptable and surrounded by a better gentry of people/friends. I do not want to demean anybody, but that’s the reality.They do not pay taxes (I am almost certain). For you, it might be a good thing, but for the nation,  

Yes, It is true. I have real life example. In Mumbai You can find many sandwich stall on road side. In my area there is a famous sandwich seller from there i often buy sandwich. One weekend i asked one of its employee that how many sandwiches do you sell in day ? His answer shocked me. He told me that average 100–150 in weekdays and 200–250 on weekends. Each grilled sandwich cost you around 35 INR. If we consider this data their daily revenue ranges from 4000 - 8000/ day leads to 1- 2.5 Lakh/Month. As per thumb rule of hotel industry 30% should be your cost of raw material for prepare the food. 

Why do doctors have such high consultation fees in India?
It's quite appalling to see some doctors comparing themselves with Plumbers, fan fitting, etc… and then somehow justify that, even what they charge, is miniscule and doesn't commensurate their long hours of study and years of practice. The question, is not just consultation fees, but may be, should have been aimed at greater good of professionalism in general. But totality can be saved for another story. It's doesn't bode well, for someone (Doctor), who has formal education and years of practice, and yet, it's a pity that they themselves, vie against 10+2 educated, self employed people. As Q li 

STORY TIME : I will tell one of the incidents where my thought matched the one with public. I was beginner during my INTERNSHIP Then. When I was living student life and fell ill, I went to this Senior Medicine Doctor in a Private Hospital. Since visiting the hospital for your treatment where people know you as Intern was bit weird for me. I used to think I am gonna be future doctor, how can I act as patient infront of my colleagues plus we as colleagues don't get treated by our seniors ( Residents ) under whom we work ofcourse ( Only we know the reasons so not gonna be public 😂 ) but can take a 

I wonder whether the person asking this question has taken ANY other country into consideration? Because if you do, you won’t find the fees higher. I don’t know about Nepal/Pakistan and all, but in Europe, US and even African nations the charges are pretty high. A simple fracture plaster in the US would cost you at least $1500. In Germany a dental cleaning can easily cost you 100 Euro. Last month I paid Rs. 800/- for the same in Delhi. My close friend’s wife had a normal delivery in Nairobi, Kenya few years ago and they coughed up more than USD 2000. And that hospital was of far below standard t 

Indian Doctors Do Not Overcharge. If you feel that their fees is high, it means that: a) the system is fractured b) the society is being unreasonable. Firstly, doctors slog for decades. First to clear entrances, then to finish under-graduation, post-graduation, super specialisation, training etc etc etc. By the time they start “charging” fees, their counterparts in other industries would be “senior executives”, “senior managers”, or advocates with over a decade of experience. Compare what they earn/charge from their clients. Doctors deserve compensation for their efforts. Secondly, look at the kin 

Short answer- They know where to strike! Long answer- There's a tale which goes like this- When a large ship broke down due to some mechanical defect, the captain called for some mechanics to help. Many tried but couldn't get the ship started. When a relatively unknown mechanic stepped forward, the captain gave him a chance to try his luck. He went and brought his hammer and struck at a certain place 3 times. And voila! The ship started smoothly. Impressed the captian asked for his fees. When the mechanic asked for a huge fee the captain was infuriated and asked the reason for charging so much. He  

time issueDoctor needs time to examine patient do some tests to think over it to prescribe exact medicine which will help the patient to explain necessary stuff required to do along with treatment like diet, work to do all this doctor needs atlist 15 minutes for a patient. suppose he runs opd in morning for 4 hours and evening in 4 hours. so total 8 eight hours and total 32 patient. so to efficiently check every patient he wants to decrease patient quantity and improve patient checking quality. it can only be done by increasing consulting fees. more numbers of patient just leads to hassled checking and  

LOL. This question literally made me laugh. Indian doctors charge high? LMAO. I'll not be answering why Indian doctors charge high, I'll just change your outlook that how blessed you are to have doctors easily available. Indian health system is one of the cheapest and easily accessible. It is quite patient friendly given the large population, if you compare with other countries. Coming to the cost first, Hospital OPD tickets cost ₹2 (here in WB) and most medicines are available free of cost, or else at highly discounted prices at hospitals. It is affordable to everyone. At private clinics, as othe 

You know just like any other med student I'll go on to tell you that doctors study a lot, like 19 subjects in 5.5 years of mbbs and then more years of specialisation and superspecialisation, not to mention the amount of first hand experience before starting their own practice. All that makes it look like it's hell lot of work so the fees is justified and bla blah blahhh……. But do you really think that's the reason the consultation fees is so damn high? There's one more reason in my opinion and it trumps all the above reasons. So what is it? It is the low value of our own health in our own eyes! Dom 

Okay if you think doctor charge too much in India.  Look at this website screenshot. For removing one ceiling fan 150 INR. Indian doctor charges in following ranges: MBBS: 100–200 INR MBBD + MD = 500 -1000 INR MBBS + MD + DM = 1000–1500 INR Now look at the education level. Electricians working for home are not B. tech. A lot of time they are not even 10th pass. So on an average 12 years of formal school education + 6 months of course or internship. Total= 12.5 years Doctors: 10+2 with excellent scores, coaching for entering into MBBS 1 year on average (only 4–5 thousands get selected out of 12 lakh), M 

I answered a Similar Question like that, so I'm just pasting all of it here: According to me, the answer should be a NO in YES. Just like you guys, in my childhood, I too always wondered that why Doctors charges so much fee just for writing a medicine or giving a treatment that they already know about? Why? But, then I too joined MBBS and now I can tell you guys easily why? We doctors learn for 5.5 years for our MBBS (UG) Degree + 3 Years of Speciality + for some doctors 3 years more for Super Speciality, then another 4–5 years of Residency, making it a total of nearly 15–16 years of our life, j 

Is it worth migrating to Canada from India if we are earning 1.5 lakhs rupees per month in India?
Which option is better: Work in Mumbai, India with a salary of 70 LPA or US with a salary of 125,000$?
What is the scope of MD anaesthesia in India? What is the average salary an Anaesthetist gets? I am planning to take up MD anaesthesia
What is the salary of the ADME of the Indian Railway?
As a software developer in India, how can I reach the height of a salary package, like 40-50 LPA?
What is the average salary of an HR professional with 5 years experience in India?
How does it feel to earn INR 3.5 LPA after completing engineering from one of the best colleges of India?
I have completed my college 3 years and 7 months back from now in following manner: June 2012: Joined an IT service based startup of my college senior as an Android Developer (1st developer who is working on android) with CTC of 3.6LPA and in this year, I developed an android game and 4 android apps. May 2013: After an year got my first increment of 30% and CTC become 4.68LPA and form this May to next May, I developed around 6 android apps for different clients and had 3 more developer in my team. May 2014: Again I got hike of 30% + 1 Lakh performance bonus (will be given after completion of an y 

I can see a lot of people putting in only one side of 3.5 LPA job and I can see where they are coming from, but there is another side of this story. Let me tell you my story: I joined Accenture on 3rd June last year after completing my bachelors from K.J.Somaiya College of Engineering, ECE department(sorry, no BITS or IIT or NIT story here). I was always interested in working in a core company. Sadly, not many companies arrived in Somaiya that year and I wasn’t able to make it into the ones that arrived. I attempted GATE and tried my best, but unfortunately, I wasn’t able to make it past the qua 

It was one of the worst time of my life. I graduated from college in 2018 and started my first job in a startup based in Noida. They offered me INR 3.2 Lpa from which I was getting around INR 23k every month after deduction. I am going to share with you my experience and how earning less money changed my life. Due to some circumstances I wasn’t able to secure a job during college placements. I also didn’t want to join those companies because all of them were not able to provide a good career path and they had bond of at least 2 years. I always think about long term gains so, I realised that join 

I graduated from IIT Kanpur in 2013 and started my professional career in an Analytics based company in Bangalore. My first in-hand salary was Rupees 26,342. Low CGPA + Not so recognized department (Bio sciences) and a couple of bad days meant that I ended up with a low paying job. It was lesser than approximately 400 other students from my college. It felt bad, really bad. I was relieved initially but when I got the CTC split, I realized what my in-hand salary was going to be, it hit me hard. Almost all of my peers were earning way more than this. I felt that this is lesser than a rich man’s dr 

After IIT Roorkee, I joined a steel manufacturing company that I won’t name cause I loathe the company. But yes for hint I would say that the company’s chairman is connected with some fraud case with ZEE. I was getting marginal pay but my colleagues who graduated with computer science were not only earning too much but also living in beautiful foreign locations. At the same time I had no girl friend as I was placed in some remote location. While my friends enjoyed sex and money, I lived in desolation. I took CAT thrice. Everyone right from my parents to my dearest friends all had expectations  

I completed my B.Tech from one of the top 5 IITs in India and I didn’t do quite well in my academics throughout the college. After lot of struggles I got placed on 14th day of placements season in a company paying 25000/- as monthly salary in Bangalore and the job was something which did not quite belong to my areas of interest. I tried applying off-campus but got not luck. So finally I joined the company. I had negative mindset for this job from day one itself and I never felt like paying attention to whatever was taught to us in the training. I had got used to the reaction of people when they 

This is from a recent experience. I am a recent graduate from IIT Delhi, and come from a middle class family. Here it goes: Today was the day when I travelled in train alone, and this is when random thoughts hit my mind. The company which recruited me in December 2015, during campus placements, has deferred our joining dates, claiming some internal restructuring (first, they did not even promise our joining after 6 months, second, even if they call us, we'll get to work for only 3 months, because they have recently fired all thise who joined last year, to make vacancies for us. And this comes w 

Ok, not insulting anyone, but the rest of the answers look like as if everyone wants to be the next Chetan Bhagat. I don’t think that much of “emotional” writing and detailed description of your experience is required. I find that most of the answers here are written by people well below 30. (BTW, I didn’t go through all of them). Ok, I’m an M.Tech from IITK. I’m now 40+. I earn now exactly 3.5lac per annum. (apart from some online income). I actually went through all the feelings of the most of the writers who have shared their experiences. (hoping they are all genuine). But to say the least, i 

I graduated from BITS Pilani in 2010. After pursuing a couple of dead end internships, I accepted a job offer from a leading IT firm in Chennai for the role of Associate Software Engineer. My starting salary was 3.0LPA. Inclusive of bonus. Initially I wasn’t too concerned about the salary. I figured there was a distinct gap in my knowledge when it came to technology and I intended to bridge the gap by working for a year and then make a switch. But as months went by, I started to regret how I had not taken the most of the opportunities that were presented to me. Even the managers in the company wer 

I am passout of IIT of the north east. I was in one of the newest branches with B. Though I was placed with a rank which could have fetched Computers in IT BHU and all IIITs including IIIT Hyderabad, I chose to join IIT for the sake of brand name. Not sure why, but this was one of the perceived wrong steps I took in my career. I was lucky to be placed in quickly and that gave me chance to sit in other companies and thus placed in two and could have placed in one more. I faked my BTP project but was lucky enough to get an AB in the project and survive with decent CGPA and took the decision to join 

What is the salary of a DJ in India?
What small change for a company resulted in the most money saved?
McDonalds This one change saved the McDonalds’ Chicken McNugget  In the early 1980s, McDonalds came up with a new and exciting idea called the Chicken McNugget. There was just one problem… The cost of chicken was highly volatile at the time and that would make pricing the McNugget very difficult. On this note McDonalds sought advice from a famous stock and commodity trader named Ray Dalio. Ray Dalio’s (founder of Bridgewater Associates which is the biggest hedge fund in the world managing $160 billion worth in assets) two biggest clients at that time were McDonalds and a chicken producer. If Dalio c 

Yes, There are lot of stories and some of them are true and some created for marketing purpose. I also have the story of one of the big company in FMCG sector which is big giant and reached at almost every individual.  I am not sure whether this story is true or not but based on networking and research I have got this which I am going to present in front of you all… In early 1950, There was one of the growing company having their toothpaste product.  The company was trying hard to increase their revenue and their were forcing their executives and core team to come up with new or unique strategy whi 

Six small packaging changes that can save big money  Ten years ago when packaging consultant Tom Blanck would try to talk to people about the cost-savings potential hidden in packaging, he'd receive a lukewarm reception. It was simply not seen as a high priority. But that all began to change in the past five years. As transportation and warehousing costs rose, companies realized that packaging offered a fresh opportunity to cut waste out of the system, he says. Despite that newfound awareness, many companies are still struggling to identify where exactly they can cut costs in their packaging with 

History of Pepsodent  During World war-1 recruitment, many were rejected because of the poor tooth hygiene. Only 7 percentage of total Americans brush every day. And many are having issues in tooth hygiene because brushing was not a habit at that time. This was changed by marketing scientist Claude Hopkin. Hopkin was genius in the field of advertisement marketing, even before Pepsodent he did many advertisements. Through his advertisement he always tries to make a product as part of habit   After the advertisement effect, Brushing with Pepsodent became a habit for many in America In 5 year Pepsodent b 

Receipts, floor wax, and lights! Only changing these three things led to huge savings for the largest supermarket chain – Walmart. Huge savings? A hundred thousand? A million? We’re talking $227 million! Here’s what they did: Walmart decreased the size of its receipts, which not only led to more paper saved but also savings of a whopping $7 million.The company replaced its usual floor wax with one that cost less and was sturdier. This saved them $20 million!Walmart introduced LEDs in their stores and parking lots, replacing all fluorescent fixtures. This reduced the annual energy cost by $200 mill

I will start with the problem I wanted to solve. Problem: “Whenever I had to buy a gift for someone, it was taking a lot of time to think about “what to buy”. And when you will do a google search for “gifts for friend, wife, etc”, you will be bombarded with lame and tacky products, such as coffee mugs with your face on it. So, I thought I will start a brand, where I will sell cool gifts for everyone and for every occasion. Now, even before launching the website, figuring out product manufacturing OR product outsourcing, managing the inventory, logistics was looking like a herculean task. Also, it d 

 Coca-Cola’s Brand-Business Rationalization   An unfortunate business outcome of coronavirus is the disappearance of some of our favorite big brands due to bankruptcy. Another outcome is the deliberate, disciplined disappearing of small or local/regional brands or single country brands. Companies are using the pandemic to reassess their investments in brands that require resources but do not generate serious profit. Brand rationalization is based on performance and contribution to the enterprise’s bottom line. Brand rationalization reduces internal complexity, enhances efficiency, and can eliminate 

American Airlines This is a story dated 30 years ago, when this minute change they made resulted in them cutting down the expenses by close to $40,000. They removed one piece of olive.  Yes, they removed an olive. One piece. Removing one piece from every customer's tray cut down their expenses by a lot. The taste of the food isn't going to change by removing one piece, nor would the passengers notice the missing piece until they counted it every trip. And olive being relatively expensive to other ingredients, it made a difference.  This isn't the only instance when the airlines have cut down their cost 

 The design of Coke can looks nothing sort of special. It just seems to be changing with time. But, there is a secret behind this. As you can see in the image, the earlier cans were totally cylindrical. Later, the top and bottom were little slanted. This slant allowed in saving of millions of dollars in Aluminum usage. This was because of 2 reasons : Same volume of coke canister now have larger periphery thus less aluminum required.Also, the slant shaped increased the force taking capacity of the inner fluid, thus a thinner sheet can be used for making can.That is why, by just a slight change in desi 

The match box side for lighting the stick. Remember this  Now the matchstick manufacturers wanted to increase the profit margin without incresing the price and cost reduction is also not possible for inputs. That’s when a smarter guy came with the solution like this  now the match industry were saving nearly upto 50% more on the phosphorus coating on the sides. some even came up with smaller dots thus more savings. 233.6K views · View upvotes · View shares1.6K74Rajiv Tandon, President, The Institute for Innovators and EntrepreneursUpdated 1 year ago · Author has 3.5K answers and 407.2K answer views

People who refuse to wear a mask are threatening to sue stores over this. A lot of others say the judge will toss their case out because a business has a right to refuse service. Do you think those lawsuits will win their cases?
What is the most illogical business idea that has turned into a raving success?
Check out this list of “stupid business ideas” that are all, in fact, successful. If this doesn’t convince you to pursue your personal desires and make it into a business, I don’t know what will: Popping Bubbles – We all know how fun it is to pop bubble wrap, now you can put it on your key chain, and pop, pop, pop for ever. You should have had this idea. And if you did, you should have made it a reality… because this entrepreneur did, and is making money. Infidelity Light Detector – Wondering if hanky-panky is happening on your couch or bed while you are away. This black light system finds any r 

 Can you keep a secret? No, really, don’t tell anyone about this. If I said that to you, what would you do? How long could you keep the juicy details to yourself? Maybe a week. Maybe an hour. Certainly not forever. Humans put a premium on valuable information. Telling others a secret raises our own social value. It’s contradictory, but one business bet their entire marketing strategy on the idea that people just can’t keep a secret. In New York City, there is a popular hot dog restaurant called Crif Dogs. On the surface, it’s a cool hole-in-the-wall neighborhood hangout, but it’s hiding a secret be 

In the past 10–15 years, technology has had a huge role in business and the way it has evolved. For those businesses that were able to be innovative and utilize tech to be a forefront of their business, they have been able to be wildly successful. Amazon, Uber, Apple, Facebook, Google and Instagram come to mind. They have been able to integrate technology into our lives on not only a daily basis, but on a moment-to-moment use and we are almost unable to live without these companies/brands. Who knew that you could 1. not only use a car service for LESS than a taxi cost, but 2. that you would be a 

I would have to say Bill Gates Microsoft. The guy bought his original operating system from a programmer for $50K. Literally took every penny he had in the bank and every penny he could borrow from friends and family to get it. He then went to a guy that had built a new computer system. The shear insanity, he had an operating system that had never actually been fully installed on a hard drive, and he had a computer that he didn’t even know if it would install and sync with the operating system. To make the situation more insane, he booked a sales meeting where he intended to show off the compu 

Netflix. When they first started they were mailing VHS tapes to people who were used to going to their local Blockbuster and renting a movie on VHS tape. Netflix said they would mail you the tape, you would watch it, and send it back to them on their dime. For the cost of only a dollar. The postage seemed prohibitively expensive as a portion of the payment. It was so ridiculous, I told my wife at the time to watch how long it would take them to go out of business. I predicted less than two years. But then the development of the DVD made their mailing model much cheaper and thus they became more 

Have you ever felt lonely? Do you dream of owning your own little pet but think that cats and dogs are too high maintenance? These are the questions that were going through Gary Dahl's head when he created the Pet Rock in 1975.  Yes, you read that correctly: Pet Rock. As in, it's literally just a rock. For a whopping $4 you would get a smooth stone in a box. That's it. You could go outside and find one of these lying around in your backyard. And yet, the Pet Rock sold 1.5 million units within 6 months of it's release. Nobody expected that Gary Dahl would succeed, but somehow, he managed to do it s 

Twitter. Who would’ve thought people had the urge to express themselves in maximum 140 characters to a bunch of followers? Just like texting on a phone but on the web. It’s super easy to build something like that. Still nobody did until 2007. You know why? Because it doesn’t make sense! Why limit the message for no reason than the resemblance to texting? Was it meant for busy celebrities who want to share brief messages with their many fans? Wrong! Everybody shares these messages. Sure, they could’ve texted each other, but maybe unknown people with time on their hands would like to make comments to 

I don't know much more but I sharing you a story that I hope you like it. In Pakistan there was a widow lady with two or may be more than two sons. Her husband was died and she began to made a powder (which is used in meal and it increases the taste of meal) to survive. Her sons sold out these powder on roads, streets and hotals etc. But that powder became very famous and now almost every Pakistani know that powder by name of “Shan Misalah”. This powder is now available on almost all shops in Pakistan and now it also exported in other countries. I am very wonderful that how it done. 263 views · View upvotes · Answer requested by Chase Willden2Anil Kumar, Marketing Head at Land Rover (2012-present)Answered 2 years ago · Author has 2.4K answers and 2.4M answer viewsOriginally Answered: What is the most obscure business idea which has been able to be successful?

The best business to invest these days are owning a franchise of a good company, If you have a desire to start your own business, a franchise can be the best way to increase your chances for success. As part of a major franchise network, you can expect to benefit from professional marketing, national advertising, and specialized training and centralized purchasing. Statistically, you are more likely to succeed with a well-established franchise than with a non-franchised independent business. Advantages to franchisees: Predictability by way of a proven blueprint and coordinated systems and proced

Diamond… Diamond is substance made out of carbon in a high pressure environment. It is the hardest natural substance ever found. This type of material is really useful in industrial production. But diamond salers related diamond to love. You see, diamond is a very stable substance. Just like how people want their love life to be right? Long, unchangable love life. Since then diamond ring became a thing… even though it is one of the stupiest things when you think about it… 459 views · View upvotes3Thomas Lee, Community Manager  at Waitasecond (2017-present)Answered 2 years ago

What exactly stops people from having the life they want?
Irrespective of religion, culture, gender, social status, or physical ability, we are all human. We all share in the experience of a collective consciousness and, by association, all share in the cacophony of egocentric and rational tendencies that function automatically and unconsciously. So if we all have the ability to think, feel, want, desire etc. then I believe one of the fundamental flaws that stops people from having the life they want is a combination of the following: Self beliefs (and self-dialogue). Your self-beliefs and internal dialogue will determine whether or not you feel worthy

Personally I believe this question doesn’t have a one size fits all answer. As of 2019 the world has 7.7 billion people. That’s a lot of people who has had a tremendous array of nature versus nurture experiences which shape their abilities to actually have the life that they really want. The Luck Of The Draw Plus Early Programming There are so many possible reasons that people have not had the life they want, ranging from where, when and to whom they were born along with people they had in their life as they were growing up which created the pathways in their brains. It also involves whether they h 

#1 NOT KNOWING WHAT YOU WANT  Pic-1 I asked few hundred people at my health club what is that they want to achieve. 99% gave me a vague answer. Only Few who told me what they exactly wanted. For example one guy stated clearly that he wanted to lose 3 inches from his belly in next 8 weeks and he actually did achieved it. Clear, specific goals are important. There are certain neurological processes in the left prefrontal cortex (refer to the orange section in Pic-1) of the brain that acts like a GPS if your goals are clear and specific enough. Your brain will figure out how to bring the process of achie 

Environment. You can’t think your way into a better life. My family comes from one of the most destitute countries on Planet Earth — the DR Congo. Colloquially known as the “rape capital of the world” by the UN, where a woman gets raped every 30 seconds, workers make cents a day, and 6 million people have died in the last decade. And yet…some people still find happy, fulfilling lives.  One of the most frustrating experiences for people there is for Westerners to say the classic phrase “Why can’t Africans just help themselves??” Because it’s a lot more complicated than that. There is a saying where I 

 Confirmation bias (CB). CB explains the tribalism of politics. It explains racism and sexism. And it explains why so many are unsuccessful. 1st, let me define it for you: Confirmation bias occurs from the direct influence of desire on beliefs. When people would like a certain idea/concept to be true, they end up believing it to be true. They are motivated by wishful thinking. This error leads the individual to stop gathering information when the evidence gathered so far confirms the views (prejudices) one would like to be true. From → What Is Confirmation Bias? On Joe Rogan’s podcast, Neil Degrass 

Self help gurus have been telling people to motivate themselves for decades. Did it work? Well, certainly for them it did. Do you see the pattern there? They are still saying the same things, you are still unmotivated… the only difference between now and then is that they are richer from saying those things and you’re not richer from listening to them. So, what stops people from having the lives they want? It is not their comfort zone, it is not their laziness, it is not their “using 5% of their brains”. The first and most important reason is changing relative standards: the simple fact that as  

Consider this parable of the Chinese bamboo. It all begins of a seed and the vision of someone willing to wait… A Chinese farmer, usually struggling to survive and provide for his family. He plants the seed and sets his hope and vision on all it will provide when it towers 90 feet above his head. With a heart toward the future, he digs hole after hole, plants the seeds and begins their care. Day after day, he carries water to the spots he has marked. And because it’s human nature to want to see results he carefully inspects ‘the spots’ each day. NOTHING. Knowing he has to feed his family he plants o 

Being Realistic. Reality is Subjective, not Objective  These two words have ruined many a person across time the world over. I hear it from my friends and family all the time. I tell them a plan I have in mind for my personal or business life and they tell me it’s pointless to pursue because it’s not realistic. My answer? Bring it on… What does realistic mean? Do any of you know? How do you define it? It’s something I’ve had a problem understanding my whole life and this has been the cornerstone for my successes so far. As I read, explore and understand the world around me I realize that many suc 

A lot of great answers from great minds on this posted question. My response to the question is simple. Fear. Fear exists in all of us. Our ancestors have prepared us to determine dangerous situations and we tend to avoid some of them because of it. Once these unfavorable situations arise, the Fight-or-Flight Response that occurs within our body prepares us for what happens next. Some of us rise to the occasion and excel during these tense situations. Others cease “bodily operations” immediately and completely forget who they are. This is what stops people from having the life they want. It could 

Lack of money (not in all cases, but in many many cases). I’m sorry if many dont agree but this is an oppinion just like many other opinions. In my case and that of the ones who are closer to me, it is money. The lack of it, the precarious jobs, the underpaid fragile positions, the unstable economy. Just as simple as that. In a economy of scarcity, not everybody is a money-making genious - and the system does not provide the decent conditions for even we, the ones who give their best and max efforts, to succeed. It is mostly on the system. What i wanted from life was quite simple and it was supose 

What are some examples of the best business strategies in history?
What is the best thing a social media company did?
What is the worst business model ever (not a particular business, the entire model)?
This one involves two very unlikely bedfellows. Gay male couples. And poor Indian Women. First, imagine being (hypothetical) a gay couple, Dan and Rick, in one of many countries where homosexuality is not fully accepted. You, like most other people in the world, aspire to someday have kids. But as a gay couple, you need a surrogate in order to do this. Surrogacy can be a complicated legal matter on its own. But particularly so if you are gay. This often leads gay men to shop for surrogacy services abroad.  Now, imagine being a poor Indian woman, Amita, living in a tiny village in the outskirts of an  

An Insurance Company  An Insurance Company is similar to a bank and a hedge fund: You give them money, they invest it. But the small difference is that after you give them money, “you never get that money back”. If you happen to get that money back, it means something bad has happened to you. This is different from a bank where the bank is simply holding your money until you take it back. An insurance company tries to never give you your money back. Then they invest it in (mostly) whatever they want. And they keep 100% of the profits. You don't keep any of that. An insurance company takes money f 

Ways to make money online sites. Those are truly dreadful and I heavily despise them. Sites like thesmartwallet.com On the surface they look like they’re trying to help you find ways to actually make a few bucks on the internet. They even have the audacity to say they’re trying to help people’s financial literacy and well being. All a huge lie. There articles are riddled with nonsensical drivel. They lack sources. Their posts are written in ways to be technically correct but extremely misleading to regular readers. They make the majority of their money referring you to use random apps and services. 

After polling several coworkers at my office, a business was mentioned that seemingly takes the cake for this. It was/is the “We Buy Gold” businesses that popped up heavily about 7 years ago, and for which some still remain open. The focus and only purpose of the business is to buy gold at the value of the current gold prices. They do not sell anything. They pay rent and very often at high-end strip malls. They hire employees. They pay all other costs associated with running a business. In addition to this, many of them ran TV and Radio Advertisements, both very costly. Gold can be purchased for 

Back in the days when I drove for Uber I got exposed to some really shady stuff, an average person wouldn’t see. It’s not just seeing these business models, but the people behind them, and those on the receiving end. MLM schemes mentioned here look like saints compared to these guys! Human traffickingTrading human body parts (yup!). Sorry to break this to you but those ashes are probably not grandma.Forced organ donations (skip the line)Adoption scamsPuppy millsExotic petsPayday loansInsuranceThis is just the tip of the iceberg. I tried not to judge, but still felt there were some lessons to le 

I am surprised MLMs (a legal version of a pyramid scheme) haven’t been mentioned yet. Examples of MLM’s include: Ambit EnergyAmway GlobalAvon ProductsBeachbodyHerbalifeMarket AmericaMary KayMedifastThe Pampered ChefScentsyI won’t bother to edify you on the intricacies of how MLMs work — John Oliver is much better at it than I am.  The real shadiness is two fold here: MLM’s make their money by duping would be “sales representative” into buying large volumes of their product — which the sales rep is then supposed to turn around and sell to everyday folks. The probl

 Legalized state lotteries (generally) prey on the poor and uneducated. At least that’s my primary observation living in the rural Midwest. Lotteries will be here forever, but the shadiness factor occurs because they are state-backed. Why are states even in this business? My state says all loto winnings go toward education. If that’s true, my state’s education excellence has not rocketed at the same pace as lottery sales in the past 20 years. In short, state lotteries are about ways of finding new revenue streams for the general fund whose primary customer is generally those who have no business  

Credit Repair. It’s a service provided solely as a convenience and by deception. No one ever says they can actually do anything, but clients/customers are led to believe all their negative items will be removed. Valid negative items are difficult to remove, if they are removed at all. Even then, they typically come back. People can dispute items on their own, in fact, probably better. Because many disputes by credit repair companies are rejected with the message, “This letter is in response to your dispute. Your request has been denied as this letter appears to be a generic dispute sent by a credi 

One of the shadiest business practices: Organ “donation” in which somehow it’s the poor people who are so pleased to “donate” an organ for a “small honorarium” which benefits middle class people in First World countries. According to a medical anthropologist who has been studying organ donation for years, surgeons seem to be aware that many organs have been harvested illegally, but “avert their eyes” to what’s really happening in the “donation market.” There are varying degrees of honesty and ethical behavior from health professional to health professional. Some physicians are motivated primaril 

Thanks for asking Sean. Student loan assistance document preparation fees. Distressed young people are fooled into paying a firm to submit simple online forms. Of course, underlying that issue, the entire higher education/student loan system is itself a scam, albeit a legal, institutionalized one. I’m on the board of a contact center software provider, with customers that handle inbound calls from TV ads. Final expense insurance, baby life insurance, medical supply subscriptions, debt relief, legal settlement….Our BD process starts with a question: scam or scheme? (in British usage, scheme is a b 

What is the best company to work for in Silicon Valley?
What are some of the weird and bizarre business ideas that proved to be successful?
Hi I’m the the owner Of Fashion Slayer.com I just want to give advice to people who want to start a online Ecommerce store. It only takes about $200 to start to be honest. What Are You Going To Sell? The safest way to make money is to have something to sell. This why ecommerce is a great starting point for someone who wants to take that first step towards building their own business; you don't have to grow to a million users before being able to monetise. If you can sell something from day 1, you have a good chance of being profitable. Some things to consider when choosing what to sell: Will you m

There is a famous quote by “Aaron Patzer - Founder, Mint” about finding an inspiration/idea for your startup. “Observe the world around you - everything you do, and especially everything you hate to do.” The weird ideas come from these observations. Having said this, here are a few weirdest business ideas I came across that actually became successful: 1)Ashley Maddison ==&gt; A dating website with a difference. You must have seen a lot of dating sites, but I bet Ashley Maddison is different from all the others. ==&gt; It only accepts married people, or someone wanting to date a married person. The site's  

1. Bed Bug Barrier bed bug barrierIf you’ve ever been to a hostel or hotel infested with bed bugs, then you know how terrible those little mites can be.  Well, Tony Abrams made a fortune by inventing barriers to keep the bedbugs from biting. His business, Bed Bug Barriers, creates and sells barriers that go underneath the legs of a bed. These barriers trap the bedbugs as they attempt to crawl into the bed to bite sleepers. Think it’s crazy? He’s made millions with this idea. 2. Rent-A-Chicken I know what you’re asking: why on earth would someone want to rent a chicken? Well, some people who are inter 

The Guinness Book of World record was created to settle bar arguments. In the early 1950’s,Sir Hugh Beaver,the Managing Director of the Guinness Brewery attended a hunting expedition with his friends. He took a shot at a bird and missed.Later the party came to a bar in Wexford Country,Michigan where they began to argue which bird was the faster game bird in Europe-The Golden Plover or The Red Grouse(It’s the Golden Prover.) Beaver later realized that the answer to this argument was hard to find in reference books. Now here is where it gets interesting. So in 1954 he remembered this argument that he 

Sell makeup to male soldiers. This product is contradictory on so many levels it’s difficult to pick where to start. First off, why would a soldier wear makeup? Looking beautiful isn’t necessarily part of their core competence. Secondly, why would men buy this stuff? Korean men are just as stupid as any other men and so we don’t spend money on things that makes us better human beings. So how on God’s green earth did this contradictory product help launch a 1+ billion USD male cosmetics industry in South Korea? The article below reports on its existence but doesn’t venture into why it may have ha 

 Tough economic times can inspire a lot of creativity when it comes to new business ideas. For example, though a recession was in full-swing, 2010 saw the highest rate of entrepreneurial activity in decades, according to the Kaufman Foundation. But it seems counter-intuitive. After all, starting a new business is incredibly risky. According to the Small Business Administration (SBA), over 50% of small businesses fail within the first five years, and of those that make it, another 50% fail in the next few years. Those aren’t good odds for anyone. But when times are bad, sometimes things can’t get  

The most weirdest business ideas that I’ve seen are just some of the most obvious, They make you think “Why didn’t I think of that?”. When most people create a business, their intent is to make sure that they sell a product that is not on the market or copy others to make a superior or inferior product that also makes a profit. Most people don’t necessarily think about selling something that is free in order to make a profit. One such company that did this was called “Pet Rock” and as you can guess they sold rocks as pets. Now you would think that this business would fall apart because who in  

Rent-A-European. Meet Balazs. Balazs is a Hungarian exchange student in Shanghai. He’s tall, white and has a beard.  This makes him very desirable in a mainly Asian city, because he’s, well, a foreigner. Every weekend, club owners pay Balazs $35/hr to hang out. Access to the VIP lounge, food and drinks are free. The idea is simple: Places where Europeans hang out must be good, so Balazs and his fellow foreigners-for-rent act as social proof to attract more Chinese customers. The women flirt with him, the men spend more money. The club owner’s happy and so is Balazs, because it’s the best student jo 

Steve Shubin’s Fleshlight.  For those of you who are unfamiliar with what a fleshlight is, it is a male sex toy that has a sleek design to make it look like flashlight from the outside. It can also be referred to as a pocket pussy. Some of the molds are exact replicas of various porn stars’ vaginas, which I personally think is a genius marketing tactic.  Shubin’s idea for this product came to him when his wife was pregnant. Doctors advised him and his wife not to have sex while his wife was pregnant, so he had to find another way to relieve his sexual urges. He began to search the web for male sex 

University of NorthTexas, Alex Craig, founded Potato Parcel.  It is what it looks like. People pay him anywhere from $10-$15 per potato to send an inscribed message on a potato. All Alex does is buy batches of potatoes, and send them to whatever address is requested by the consumer. Alex’s business is now making $25,000 a month inscribing messages on potatoes—let that sink in. Story: A business that sends messages on potatoes makes $25,000 a month and is inspiring copycats Direct Link: PotatoParcel.com - Send An Anonymous Message to Anyone...On a Potato Another weird way. Matthew Carpenter founded “ 

What are the best decisions ever taken by Microsoft?
I think I am qualified to answer this question having worked in Microsoft technologies for 12+ years. Between 1995 to 2008, Microsoft made monopoly of MS technologies as well as IT industry worldwide. Windows Operating System Windows was most easy to use and user friendly platform. This means if one purchased laptop or desktop, there came windows along with it. If there was windows, one needed MS Word, Excel, Powerpoint etc for doing basic computing tasks. They all needed to be licensed. All Microsoft technologies were dependent on one another. This is how Microsoft became No 1 product development 

It's hard to say, but in my opinion, the best decision Microsoft has made is to replace Steve Ballmer with Satya Nadella as CEO in 2014.  Steve Ballmer was clearly overwhelmed by the new technological wave with the arrival of smartphones. He made many bad decisions that cost Microsoft a lot of money. Microsoft was spreading itself too thin and was no longer moving in the right direction. Satya Nadella arrived with a very clear vision of what Microsoft's future should be. He courageously decided to stop the Windows Phone adventure that was not profitable for Microsoft. He then decided to focus on Mi 

Appointing this visionary as CEO in 2014. Smart buys like linkedin and github.Decimating the competitors in bulk deals of productivity suits like email , MS teams cloud and cloud office. Google had some traction till early years of 2010s, but then MS took over very rapidly. They are killing the competition with their solid offering and jaw dropping prices.Overall, moving towards cloud based future is a masterstroke. A good example is Azure. Azure cloud adoption has increased at a breathtaking pace. Of course it's been possible only because they have quickly added very useful offerings in PAAS, 

Microsoft have taken some of the biggest decisions during the time when Bill Gates was the CEO. And he literally had a monopoly in the market back then.  But I’d say the best was Steve Ballmer stepped down himself as a CEO, as he knew the company is not going in the direction, which it used to be!  When Satya Nadella was appointed as a CEO, his vision brought Microsoft on TOP in just 3 years. Microsoft became a leader again in tech industry as it was declared the World’s biggest company in 2018, surpassing Google, Amazon and Apple in the race for company value. He focused on the new shiny toys like 

On the end-product answer, not the backend corporate employee answer, i would say that the best decision ever made by ‘Microsoft’ (Microsoft cannot make a decision as it is a company not a living being with a brain)… is, to allow touchscreens on tablet size laptops, which killed the iPad, bringing desktop os to a portable device, and the power needed for professional content creators and webmasters and other IT professionals to go mobile with touchscreen , but not lose the full desktop experience. Authors go nuts trying to write on a mobile OS. MY Google Webmaster tools (Search Console) states 

Watch the documentary Silcon Cowboys about the guys that made Compaq Computers. In there, there is a point when IBM decides they have had enough with clone computer companies and they design a new computer that could not be cloned. Compaq and all these other companies were f’d. Then the idea came… The idea for the clone companies to buck the system and challenge IBM by joining together to making a universal standard. A standard not controlled by IBM but rather them. This was huge. Essentially they were going to flip the script with IBM and they would no longer follow their lead rather dictate the 

I would rely on Mr. Gates decision as CEO :  His decision to divorce IBM stands as one of his best. Microsoft took control over its own destiny. The company built itself around Windows and Office. The decision to bundle and integrate individual apps into Office was also a brilliant one. The decision to have the consumer focused Windows 3.x/95 and the business focused Windows NT sharing a common Win32 API was also brilliant, and then merging the two when NT was ready (e.g., XP) was also brilliant.  I would also say his decision to broaden the company from a desktop oriented company (Office, Windows 

I worked at Microsoft as a contractor for close to three years, and I have invested in and turned a small profit from trading Microsoft multiple times. I have also read Satya Nadella’s book Hit Refresh (and let me tell you it was amazing), and I can tell you that the one decision really mattered the most has already been answered here multiple times. That decision was to choose “movement” and to hire Satya Nadella as the CEO of Microsoft. Why was this the best decision? Because the decisions and the movement he has put in place since taking the reins at Microsoft has led to a rapid explosion of 

At least to me when it comes down to the Xbox, the Xbox Game Pass. For $10 a month, you get basically Netflix, but for video games. Recently, they decided to make any of their first party games, such as Halo and the upcoming Sea of Thieves, to also be included in the game pass when they are released. You don’t even need Xbox Live for the service. And if that game is really fun to you and you want to keep it, you also get a discount. This basically means that if you want to play games, but don’t have a lot of money, the Xbox is actually the better deal for you. Just buy an older model console, and 

The darkest period in Microsoft’s history was that of Steve Ballmer’s regime:  Some of the BEST decisions are happening in Satya Nadella’s regime:  One of those cool decisions is offering the Office apps on the AppStore for FREE! Word - Microsoft Word on the App Store Excel - Microsoft Excel on the App Store PowerPoint - Microsoft PowerPoint on the App Store OneNote - Microsoft OneNote on the App Store More cool changes and decisions of Satya here: satya nadella best decisions microsoft 2.8K views · View upvotes252Asim Qureshi, CEO Jibble.io - the employee time clock appAnswered 3 years ago · Upvoted by Ram Magadum, Program Manager at Microsoft (2020-present) and Anshul Dalal, Software Engineer at Microsoft (2019-present) · Author has 951 answers and 116.3M answer views

As an entrepreneur starting out, is it better to overprice your product or underprice it?
What is the worst thing you can do or say in your first meeting with a venture capital firm?
How can I start a business and be an entrepreneur without the right education?
This is my 4 year old playing a video game: He doesn’t have much education yet. He’s just starting to read and write.  Yet, he can WIN the video game.  How can he do this? By trying, and trying again, and again, and again! Eventually he wins! He will do this, without the “right” education! Did he read the game manual?No! He just got started!Did he get any special training?No! He just got started!To answer your question: How can you start a business and be an entrepreneur? You need to get started! You need to trust your amazing learning abilities! You can do it if you believe in yourself, start exploring  

Right education to be an entrepreneur? There isn't any, despite what some colleges say. Entrepreneurship is a mindset without the dogma of education. I have degrees in geology, zoology, and (almost) finance. My one-person business is technical/professional writing, teaching scientists and engineers how to write, and writing/publishing books. The only common denominator--a stretch-- between my education and business is science. My book, 12 Simply Smart Secrets for Living Large by Prospering Small, is a prescription and description for fiscal and social success, and for a life with meaning and com 

By ‘right education’ do you mean going to college? I started a business while I was in college, and I learned more from experiences outside of school than being in class ever could have taught me. There are many successful entrepreneurs that didn’t go to college. Bill Gates 2. Steve Jobs  3. Mark Zuckerburg  4. Gary Vaynerchuk  5. Sam Ovens  The list continues. Let me first explain why you don’t need to go to college to start a business. You Literally don’t have to.If you wanted to become a nurse, doctor, or engineer, you have to go to college. Why? Because you need a degree, certificate, or some sort of c 

“ Business IS NOTHING BUT A SYSTEM WHERE GOODS AND SERVICES ARE EXCHANGED “. I think lack of proper education cannot stop you from being an entrepreneur because all is about mindset ,dedication ,willing to do work and your hunger towards success. 1.MICHAEL DELL, the founder of dell 2.DHIRUBHAI AMBANI, the owner of one of the biggest telecom operator. 3.RATAN TATA, the founder TATA group of industries. And many more became the business tycoons without going through a management education. Let me come to the main point , To start a business you do need a degree, but you can start a business by develop 

According to the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, only 46 percent of college students actually finish their degrees. Research also shows that college graduates ages 25 to 32 earn $17,500 more annually than their non-degree-holding counterparts. But, given the crushing cost of student debt and a slowly recovering job market, is a college degree really worth it? I suggest you to check out this advices buy Business Insider 1. Start a service business. A service business is usually the easiest type of business to start. There isn't much overhead, and you don't need many conta 

It’s a great question. I’m not convinced there is a conventional path to attain the “right education” that would best prepare someone to start a business or jump into entrepreneurship. There are a myriad of resources, organizations and Government sponsored agencies doing their best, on a tight budget to promote and support new businesses. A vast Global Industry exists, dedicated to deliver value to businesses at all stages of their life cycle. An entrepreneur and small business owner has access to more material and help than they can possibly consume. All business start-ups can be the culmination 

 School is never out for professionals. The term is formal education, to which you are calling right education. Right? But first tell me one thing if you have to learn swimming then are you going to study fluid mechanics for it? And the answer is obviously no. All you need to do is to know some basic steps used while swimming, go in the water &amp; voila you will learn swimming after doing practice. Same rule applies to the business or entrepreneurship. All you need to do is to have a basic idea about what you are going to make, get some equipment related to it &amp; voila you will become the entrepreneur 

Interesting question. What is the’ right education’ for an entrepreneur? Here some thoughts: Entrepreneurs spark the idea behind the business. That idea can come from anywhere, whatever your personal or educational background. There are plenty of entrepreneurs who have little formal education (but they need other qualities - please see my other posts for this topic).The success of the business stems from excellent execution of that idea. For that, some business education may be useful or else you should work with someone who has a track record in building and running a successful business. That 

In my experience, there is no ‘’right education’’ needed to start a business. Some of the most wealthy, successful business people dropped out of college or school to pursue their dream when everyone told them they were crazy. If you want to start a business, you just need to get started. Constantly consuming information but never putting it into practice will get you nowhere. You learn from experience. You learn from failures. You learn from taking ACTION. You become successful by not letting self-limiting beliefs hold you back. Many of today’s new millionaires are making their fortunes by setting  

Frankly, you can’t. What you’ll end up doing is what everybody who starts their own business does - PUNT. There are no micro-enterprise training courses. There are no courses on how to structure, run or grow a one to ten person business which represent 95% of all the business in operation in the US. It’s traditionally learned in a trial and error process undertaken by people who are usually convinced they know what they’re doing. Unfortunately the statistics tell a different story. Nine out of ten startups cease operations within the first 18 months. If you want to avoid or at least mitigate th 

What can I do to get out of my comfort zone? I would like to do so many things, but I just don't find the motivation.
How are non-technical people able to found successful tech startups?
What is the all-time greatest failed Internet startup?
I've have got to go with eToys.com on this one. At its height on the stock market, in May 1999, shares in eToys sold for $83.56, giving the company an estimated market capitalization of about $11 billion. I ran the European warehouse management system. They raised roughly $220 million before their IPO. In 2000 they were doing around $24 million per quarter with a gross margin of 21%.  eToys filed for bankruptcy and was delisted from NASDAQ in March 2001 and their domain and intellectual property were sold to K·B Toys in May 2001. K·B Toys in turn filed for bankruptcy in January 2004. So WTF happe 

Great ideas born every year but some of them gain the popularity and success and others fail. Here is the list of the startups that shut down but should have succeeded. Friendster – one of the first social networks created in 2002. In was founded before Myspace. It got funding of near $50 million. Friendster was very popular and Google wanted to buy the startup. But the offer was rejected. The startup failed because it did not provide the possibility to share the news. The users had just profiles and nothing new was displayed. If the company focused on that aspect, who knows, maybe we will not 

If Webvan took 3 years to burn through 200 millions, then Europe's Boo.com (fashion apparel e-commerce) took just 18 months to spend 135 million. Reason for failing?Heavy website, employing heavy JavaScript and Flash and even 3D which made the site load painfully slow over 56 kbit/s modems (at that time - 1999 - broadband was scarce).Besides this, like Webvan, they wanted to scale fast, opening in several countries and rely on venture capital for the first years. Well, 2000 came and with it the dot-com implosion making venture capital dissapear overnight.The company dissapeared soon after. T 

The most hilarious one is definitely Karhoo. Founded in early 2015, by the end of the year Karhoo had raised a reported US$250m, and expected to launch its app 3 months later in London, New York and Singapore after apparently securing a network of 200,000 taxis and minicabs.  It planned to raise US$1bn in mid 2017. The CEO and founder, Daniel Ishag, planned to take on Uber and “…level the playing field.”  A year after the reported US$250m raise and six months after the app launch, it shut down its service, with all the money blown, and with more than 100 staff out-of-pocket - ok, that’s the not so f 

+1 to Boo.com... The book 'boo hoo' is a must read - sort of like a 'Barneys Version' for the lunacy of the DotCom boom. The cash burn rate was spectacular even by many of the other suggestions... and take into account that the site was only trading for a couple of months before it all went 'Pete Tong' (as they say in the UK). It launched late, was buggy and a prescient friend of mine noted (before it went bust) that it would be the first Broadband-optimised site never to reach the broadband revolution. Too true... Liquidated May 2000. You can see a list here: http://www.cnet.com/1990-11136_1-6278 

Friendster. Not in terms of market cap, but in squandered opportunity. They nailed social networking first.   With real names.   The essential ingredients of Facebook. Reasons for failure: executive control of the site passed out of technical hands.The company was taken over by deal-makers, not site-builders.    I tried to log in back in 2003, I think.  The server timed out at 40 seconds.   The problem wasn't bandwidth - it was a single, expendable feature: a user could crawl deeply into an exponentially expanding tree of friends-of-friends-of-friends...    Too many queries. The people running the 

It hasn't failed yet, and I know there have been bigger flame outs (Mark Maunder's answer about etoys.com stands out) but I am extremely skeptical of Color. With $41 million and all of the genius money can buy, they still didn't see the fatal error in building an app that would be useless if no other users are within 150 meters of you. Plenty of business models deal with Chicken and Egg problems, but at least the first two fax machines were able to communicate from opposite ends of the country. 108 views · View upvotes42Enlighten, works at SAP Labs India (2017-present)Updated 3 years ago

8.5 million users, idea that world has never seen before, located in Silicon valley and raised $13million. Despite all these, they couldn’t make it. It is Friendster. The first ever online social network created by Jonathan Abrams and investors are the same who invested in AMAZON and EBAY  It’s the first ever feasible social media platform even before Facebook and twitter. People loved the Idea of Friendster. As soon as they launched, they got more than 2 million users in four months. People were crazy about Friendster and many investors wanted to have a bit of Friendster in their pocket. (a share 

I didn't come across “Better Place” yet, the car battery company that was founded in 2008 wanting to revolutionize mobility by allowing batteries in electric cars to be swapped easily. Renault even developed an electric car for the system that was supposed to be rolled out in both Denmark and Israel as pilot countries. Better Place was planning to put an end to “range anxiety” that allegedly slows the adoption of electric cars, but couldn't convince consumers to buy into their concept. Only several hundred cars were bought and the company shut down in May 2013. Apparently the company lost about  

***Aside from the aforementioned Webvan and Pets.com.... Hall of Flame: Amp'd Mobile - Burned through a reported $360 million before declaring bankruptcy: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amp'd_MobilePayByTouch - Touched some of the richest San Franciscans for $340 million before flaming out: http://articles.sfgate.com/2008-12-07/news/17134023_1_unpaid-bills-venture-capital-touchZapmail - Federal Express wrote off $320 million on this commercial failure that was a precursor to web-based document exchange: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ZapmailKozmo.com - Made $250 million disappear: http://en.wikip

In what niches the demand for online marketplaces has grown? Why?
What were the top 5 best acquisition decisions?
Why can't CEOs like Sundar Pichai and Satya Nadella start their own startup instead of working in other companies?
Below is the balance sheet of Google and Microsoft as of 2019. Nearly $300 billion US dollars!.. Google Balance Sheet  Microsoft Balance Sheet  Sundar Pichai and Satya Nadella can very well resign their jobs and start their own companies but they need to struggle real hard to make that into a company with a balance sheet as shown above and that too those companies don’t even make the cut and get gulped by giants. Both Microsoft and Google are sitting on top of huge cash pile. They can very well drive R&amp;D’s into whatever projects they want (something like space elevators) and they can afford to fail 

Sundar Pichai and Satya Nadella can leave their positions and start their organizations, yet they need to battle genuine difficulty to make that into an organization with an asset report as appeared above and that too those organizations don't make the cut and get swallowed by monsters. Both Microsoft and Google are perched on top of a colossal money heap. They can drive R&amp;D's into whatever projects they need (something like space lifts), and they can stand to flop large. If you see any new businesses thinking of a best in class innovation, you can simply get them. In the most recent decade, G 

I think someone needs to work as an employee in a company and a few others run a company. A few Indian works as a top executive level in the USA based technology company. They have high Qualification but the founder of those technology company less Qualified than the person, who is an Indian top executive irrespective of that, they are from the USA. Indian most in the USA famous to provide a highly-rated executive in a large technology company, but do not develop by themselves a technology company. A few rare exceptions, they tried, and developed a few technology-based companies.  Shikhar Ghosh is a 

Guys, that's an temporary approach to understand they are labourers and all. If you want to know the real reason according to me. That's an technically wrong questions. For this Just focus on it….  For this you have think technically. Do you want to think with me. Then come with me.  We are talking about the topmost CEO of the world. First of all, Who they are?Yes, just forget it they are CEO and all. Just make this theory simple.They are only skiilled employees, who have very vast knowledge of what they are doing.Do you agree with me? First of all just change your thought or thinking. Then we will get  

I am also pondering on this question for a long time. Please Note, there are many other leaders like Sundar Pichai and Satya Nadella to the list who are all C-level executives and not the founders. Thomas Kurien, former Chairman of OracleGeorge Kurien, CEO of NetappShantanu Narayen, CEO of AdobePadmashree Warrior, Former CTO of CiscoSanjay Ponnen,COO of VmwareIndira Nooyi, Former CEO of PepsiAjay Banga, Mastercard CEORajeev Suri, Nokia CEOVas Narasimhan, CEO NovartisArvind Krishna, CEO IBMJust to give a quick background about Sundar Pichai and Satya Nadella Sundar Pichai - His father is an engine 

&lt;&lt;This is my personal opinion and my employers may not endorse&gt;&gt; Counter question - Why should they startup? Simply look at what drives Entrepreneurs and compare with what Sundar/Satya already have and you will get the answer. However, motivations &amp; preferences continue to change for all of us. What is true today may not be true tomorrow. I don’t rule out them becoming Entrepreneurs or enablers for other Entrepreneurs. Why does one start up? See a consumer/customer need and feel the urge to solveBring about a positive change in the WorldAutonomy &amp; Authority at workMoney &amp; financial gainsRespect &amp; 

Thanks for the A2A. I will keep it simple and short. Recently I read two books, which were 1. Amazon: The everything store (by Brad Stone) 2. Pichai: The future of Google (Jagmohan S Bhanver), which somehow highlighted the difference between two leaders who've 1.Taken over a Dinosaur (Google) in the industry (Sunder Pichai) 2.Built one (Amazon) of his own (Jeff Bezos)  What I found was, that their journey was somewhat similar, be it Pichai's struggle with competing with Bing!! (Microsoft's new search engine to beat Google) in 2004 or Bezos's "Regret Minimization Framework" (Taking a risk to make the 

Indian startup founders must stop treating the CEO's title like ... the mere Rs7, 000 (about $100) needed to start a company. ... As Steve Jobs once quipped, “It doesn't make sense to ... CEO Satya Nadella knew the culture at the world's largest ... Another team tells him about a feature for the company's ... employees around the world to step away from their day jobs, think ... Microsoft's CEO has stopped infighting, restored morale, and ... Three years after becoming CEO, Satya Nadella is as focused on .... When I ask Nadella for his own account of working with his ... Two of the planet's most  

There are quite a few leading tech companies presently that are changing the world by hiring the most innovative and smart minds in the world to run/assist in their business. World leading firms like Google, Microsoft, Apple, etc are changing the technology by upgrading better, introducing new models and the people who are responsible for most of the changes and running of the company are known as Chief Executive Officers or CEOs. Bright minds like Sundar Pichai (CEO of Google), Satya Nadella (CEO of Microsoft), etc were hired for their respective companies to do the needful. But the big quest 

Role of a CEO is very very different than that of a Promoter or entrepreneur. Just because a person has been a awesome CEO ,doesn't mean they would necessarily do good in promoting a good business as well. Here are some points, I think are reason for why Sundar pinchai and Satya Nadella type of CEO doesn't start their own company- Exposure of Handling Such giant Company which wont be there in new company they initiate.Power of handling such giant enterprises give huge power like dealing directly with pentagon and presidents of world powers which would be definetly not be in a start-up.Also most o

What were your biggest lessons learned in your career?<br>
I learnt certain lessons throughout my life not particularly in my career: 1. It's Never Too Late to Start Anything or Learn anything. 2. Life's too short to think what other people are thinking. So, just do whatever you want to do and not worry about the result. 3. Not everyone will love you, for you're not here to please everyone.  4. Never underestimate yourself, everyone has a certain capability. You just need to find it and push yourself beyond the limit. 5. No one stays in your life forever. 6. Don't try to impress others by being someone you do not want to, instead be you for people to accept 

Thanks for asking! Throughout my relatively short career (5 years) I have learned quite a few things from working in various roles in various types of organizations. Here are the ones that pop up as I think about it: Don’t focus on one (type of job) to apply to or stay in forever. The world is changing at an unprecedented rapid pace and therefore your job is changing as well. Maybe it will become more fun, maybe it will become a terrible job you personally suck at. In the latter case, it’s wise to look out for a new career path. Also, your life may change, your priorities in life may change. Be

HOSPITALITY SPECIFIC!! :-) As I was cleaning out my study cupboard after a long time, I came across a little article I wrote over a dozen years ago. I had just finished a very long shift in my first employment and was seated at the pub with a beer, begging for sleep to overcome me. It's funny how so very often when we're super tired after a tough day, sleep seems the most natural outcome but it isn't. The body might be slumped over but the mind is "on edge"! I'd like to quickly share those points with my readers here. After several years in the same field of hospitality, I think my thoughts pret 

"Opportunities don't happen. You create them." ― Chris Grosser You Are Dispensable Throughout my professional career, I have experienced major structural changes in two separate companies. Both times, the shift in the organization’s direction caused a dramatic reduction in cost. This meant cutting their staff members. And fortunately both times, I was retained. However, it was difficult to see my colleagues who I have bonded over the years suddenly lose their jobs. Although many of us kept our jobs, we were demoralized. With the cloud of uncertainty about the company’s future above my head, I made  

This is the story of three amazing bosses who taught me the most important lessons of my life. The first taught me about the Power of One. The second taught me about the Power of Many. And finally, when I was ready, the third taught me about Power. The Power of One I met the first boss when I was 21 years old. I had just completed my engineering and joined a large cargo ship as Junior Engineer. Within a few days I realised (to my great discomfort) that most of what I had learnt in college was of absolutely no use when I had to clean a bilge strainer or flush a seawater cooler. Boy, was I frustrated 

Well I dont know if everyones workplace is the same as mine but here is the things I have learned about where I am. Hard work always goes unapreciated.The company is always happy to let you work back for free (im on salary) but has a huge bitch if you ever need to leave early one day and tells you that you need to make up the time tomorrow.The company will tell you there isnt enough money to give you a pay rise but will send out a letter of congratulations to everyone when they give us the 1.2% pay increase that the rest of the country gets as well and tell you what a valued employee you are.Th

I have a limited experience of around 8 years at work. Below is a list of “Dos and Don’ts “ I could come up with : Dos : Just the core skills wont take you anywhere, develop necessary skills to be able to communicate, negotiate, socialize and advertise.Being organized is the key. Plan your work well, chase your action items, keep your stake holders updated, ask for help when in need, raise your hand much beforehand when you know you can’t meet the deadline.You will be judged not just by your work at desk but also by the way you carry yourself in meetings, cafeteria, team outings etc. Be careful 

Self-satisfaction is the key. Regarding career in life: Study what you enjoy and in what you are interested.Money is important to a greater extent. Yes, it makes you happy.But, do not compromise your health and life values for money.Acquire skills and tactics. Do not just be bookish.Try to build a network of worthy people. It helps you a lot to upscale.Be it any career, science/commerce/arts, do have financial literacy. 70%+ people in the world lack this.Be active socially also. Just knowledge won't lead you to success.Goal should be to be the best in everything you do.I have worked at one of th 

I've worked for 35 years. This would be a nearly endless list. Here are a few important ones: 1. Work to live, don't live to work.2. Never quit a job, until you find another one. (unless there is someone, including yourself, who will support you while you find another.)3. If you say you're going to do something, do it. 4. Do things the way they should be done. 5. Treat everyone with respect. Be fun and funny, but never mean(The person you are rude to could end up being your boss.)6. Even if you aren't the boss, guide them in the right direction to improve things in your work place. Speak  

I have had the experience of having a few different workplaces, so I will touch on two that I stayed with and learned some valuable lessons from. Sonic Drive In- The first thing that I learned early on was that if you work hard and enjoy what you do and the people you work with, the job seems less like work and more like a hobby. I was 16 when I started and enjoyed the work and the huge (back then) check of about $125 every two weeks. My hard work paid off and I was promoted to crew leader in a little over a year. About a year after that, I was up for promotion to shift manager. I was somewhat 

What is the most illogical business idea that has turned into a raving success?
Check out this list of “stupid business ideas” that are all, in fact, successful. If this doesn’t convince you to pursue your personal desires and make it into a business, I don’t know what will: Popping Bubbles – We all know how fun it is to pop bubble wrap, now you can put it on your key chain, and pop, pop, pop for ever. You should have had this idea. And if you did, you should have made it a reality… because this entrepreneur did, and is making money. Infidelity Light Detector – Wondering if hanky-panky is happening on your couch or bed while you are away. This black light system finds any r 

 Can you keep a secret? No, really, don’t tell anyone about this. If I said that to you, what would you do? How long could you keep the juicy details to yourself? Maybe a week. Maybe an hour. Certainly not forever. Humans put a premium on valuable information. Telling others a secret raises our own social value. It’s contradictory, but one business bet their entire marketing strategy on the idea that people just can’t keep a secret. In New York City, there is a popular hot dog restaurant called Crif Dogs. On the surface, it’s a cool hole-in-the-wall neighborhood hangout, but it’s hiding a secret be 

In the past 10–15 years, technology has had a huge role in business and the way it has evolved. For those businesses that were able to be innovative and utilize tech to be a forefront of their business, they have been able to be wildly successful. Amazon, Uber, Apple, Facebook, Google and Instagram come to mind. They have been able to integrate technology into our lives on not only a daily basis, but on a moment-to-moment use and we are almost unable to live without these companies/brands. Who knew that you could 1. not only use a car service for LESS than a taxi cost, but 2. that you would be a 

I would have to say Bill Gates Microsoft. The guy bought his original operating system from a programmer for $50K. Literally took every penny he had in the bank and every penny he could borrow from friends and family to get it. He then went to a guy that had built a new computer system. The shear insanity, he had an operating system that had never actually been fully installed on a hard drive, and he had a computer that he didn’t even know if it would install and sync with the operating system. To make the situation more insane, he booked a sales meeting where he intended to show off the compu 

Netflix. When they first started they were mailing VHS tapes to people who were used to going to their local Blockbuster and renting a movie on VHS tape. Netflix said they would mail you the tape, you would watch it, and send it back to them on their dime. For the cost of only a dollar. The postage seemed prohibitively expensive as a portion of the payment. It was so ridiculous, I told my wife at the time to watch how long it would take them to go out of business. I predicted less than two years. But then the development of the DVD made their mailing model much cheaper and thus they became more 

Have you ever felt lonely? Do you dream of owning your own little pet but think that cats and dogs are too high maintenance? These are the questions that were going through Gary Dahl's head when he created the Pet Rock in 1975.  Yes, you read that correctly: Pet Rock. As in, it's literally just a rock. For a whopping $4 you would get a smooth stone in a box. That's it. You could go outside and find one of these lying around in your backyard. And yet, the Pet Rock sold 1.5 million units within 6 months of it's release. Nobody expected that Gary Dahl would succeed, but somehow, he managed to do it s 

Twitter. Who would’ve thought people had the urge to express themselves in maximum 140 characters to a bunch of followers? Just like texting on a phone but on the web. It’s super easy to build something like that. Still nobody did until 2007. You know why? Because it doesn’t make sense! Why limit the message for no reason than the resemblance to texting? Was it meant for busy celebrities who want to share brief messages with their many fans? Wrong! Everybody shares these messages. Sure, they could’ve texted each other, but maybe unknown people with time on their hands would like to make comments to 

I don't know much more but I sharing you a story that I hope you like it. In Pakistan there was a widow lady with two or may be more than two sons. Her husband was died and she began to made a powder (which is used in meal and it increases the taste of meal) to survive. Her sons sold out these powder on roads, streets and hotals etc. But that powder became very famous and now almost every Pakistani know that powder by name of “Shan Misalah”. This powder is now available on almost all shops in Pakistan and now it also exported in other countries. I am very wonderful that how it done. 263 views · View upvotes · Answer requested by Chase Willden2Anil Kumar, Marketing Head at Land Rover (2012-present)Answered 2 years ago · Author has 2.4K answers and 2.4M answer viewsOriginally Answered: What is the most obscure business idea which has been able to be successful?

The best business to invest these days are owning a franchise of a good company, If you have a desire to start your own business, a franchise can be the best way to increase your chances for success. As part of a major franchise network, you can expect to benefit from professional marketing, national advertising, and specialized training and centralized purchasing. Statistically, you are more likely to succeed with a well-established franchise than with a non-franchised independent business. Advantages to franchisees: Predictability by way of a proven blueprint and coordinated systems and proced

Diamond… Diamond is substance made out of carbon in a high pressure environment. It is the hardest natural substance ever found. This type of material is really useful in industrial production. But diamond salers related diamond to love. You see, diamond is a very stable substance. Just like how people want their love life to be right? Long, unchangable love life. Since then diamond ring became a thing… even though it is one of the stupiest things when you think about it… 459 views · View upvotes3Thomas Lee, Community Manager  at Waitasecond (2017-present)Answered 2 years ago

I want to start a business but I don't have money. What do I do?
Question: I want to start a business but I don’t have money. What do I do? Lots of people are in the exact same boat when it pertains to wishing to make more money as well as start their own business. An individual might have the persistence, desire as well as stick-to-itiveness to be successful in any kind of business endeavor, but usually, there always seems to be something blocking the method. This is typically cash, and also oftentimes experience. Both of these variables can be conquered, however.  As a result, I would promote that you begin your very own business, and also the cheapest meth 

What? No Money…! Hey, then it’s Good for YOU :) - According to Dymond John (who wrote the book ‘THE POWER OF BROKE’)  Daymond John who is a judge in Shark Tank Show and Daymond also started a business from just $40 and now Daymond John net-worth is about $250 Million. Daymond and other researches and many surveys upon businesses prove that a low-cost business tends to be more successful than others in the competition because: MONEY MAKES A MAN LAZY! : Those people who have money began to use money as their weapon and become LAZY but those people who didn’t have enough money started to create new cr 

Business - something worth building that you can eventually sell… A lot of people are listing ‘opportunities’ and jobs. Not businesses. Get a job and save some money. It will make starting your business a little easier.You need some money to pay for your business license, a self-hosted website, and some graphic design unless you do it yourself. Put some money into your business if you are serious about it. If your competitors are investing money - they may be able to offer a better service to their customers than someone that invests nothing. Apart from that, for physical product sales, you can 

 Don’t do it. Give up. It will never work. You're still here? Good, that means you're motivated enough to get through all the negative press. Such statements can come from friends and family not to mention yourself. However, if you have the audacity to set yourself apart and want to turn your goals and visions into a real success, then keep reading. I’ve got some insights to share with you. You Can Only Achieve What You Believe Many people are doing this right now with great success. Will it take endurance? Will it take sacrifice? The answer is yes! All the above and a lot more. I have a friend who I am w 

Here are some brands that started with almost nothing: Whole Foods Market – In 1978 John Mackey and Rene Lawson saved and borrowed money from friends and family to open their first store in Austin, Texas. After getting evicted from their apartment, the two lived in their first store.Apple, Disney, Google, Harley Davidson, Hewlett-Packard, Lotus Cars, Mattel, Yankee Candle Company all started in garages.Nike – Founders, Philip Knight and Bill Bowerman started selling training shoes from their car trunk.Dell – Michael Dell started out as a dishwasher, making a whopping $2.30 per hour. Dell starte

You can just start an online business. The cost is low, and if your idea is good enough, someone may invest on your business. Here are some basic steps: Brainstorm Your Free Internet Business Idea It's important to choose an idea that you can stick with as opposed to searching for the cheapest or most profitable option. Building a business you're passionate about increases the chances that it will succeed and that you'll enjoy it. The most affordable online business ideas will incorporate skills or assets you already have. If you already know how to bookkeep and have bookkeeping software, that's  

Someone once told me that the probability of an entrepreneur getting venture capital is the same as getting struck by lightning while standing at the bottom of a swimming pool on a sunny day. This may be too optimistic. Let’s say that you can’t raise money for whatever reason: You’re not a “proven” team with “proven” technology in a “proven” market. Or, your company may simply not be a “VC deal” Focus on cash flow, not profitability: The reality is that you pay bills with cash, so focus on cash flow. If you know you are going to bootstrap, you should start a business with a small up-front capita 

Don’t “start” a business…grow one instead. While I encourage you to take Hector Quintanilla’s advice and embrace the reality of problem solving, if your goal is simply to make money as quickly as possible so that you can later use that money to start another business or pursue your real ambitions, you can create a profitable “business” in as little as 48 hours. Here’s are a few simple steps you can follow to build a 7-figure business in under 12-months.  Month 1–3: Identify, Develop, and Systematize a Marketable Skill I’m going to be blunt. You aren’t paid for your ideas or your ambitions. Everyone h 

You have two options: Pay with time first. Bootstrap, learn and create a business. or Get the money:  If you have knowledge sell your knowledge. If you have skills sell your services. If you have neither, but can sell, sell other people's products/services for a profit. If you cannot sell, get a job and learn sales. Read relevant books on your spare time.    If you don't succeed at any of those things, start working on your mind. You are probably self-sabotaging: Master your mind. The mind is split into two: the conscious and the subconscious. The subconscious is what really matters, what produces 

If your idea and plan of execution aren’t well thought out from the beginning, no amount of money can turn it into a winner. Have a great idea but very little money? Don’t let that stop you! Yes, there will be ridiculously long days with little to no sleep. Yes, you are going to be stressed. But those that want it bad enough will make it. Here are eight tips that can help you get your idea off the ground with limited funds. 1. Build your business around what you know. Instead of venturing off into uncharted territory, make sure that you build your business around your skills and knowledge. The l 

How can I start with a simple traffic workaround?
Is space mining a potential business in the future?
What are some great business ideas for teenagers?
Great question I would’ve never thought to ask ! Having spent most of my teenagehood in countries where some commodities weren’t easily accessible, I had to come up with some pretty cool strategies to make some cash and be independent. The first one wasn’t really legal, but at that point I had no choice. Picture this in 04. We’d just moved to this country (that I won’t mention) in east Africa where the internet was a luxury and knowing how to use a computer a real skill. I had this program that you may or may not have heard of called Limewire. Limewire was the greatest thing on earth at that time.  

Are you ready to make more money than your teachers and your parents… combined? Not so fast… First you need to overcome the hundreds of EXCUSES you have in your brain. I don't have enough moneyMy business plan isn't perfectThe timing just isn't rightThere's too much competitionI don't have the skills neededIt’s too difficultMy parents won’t support meI don’t have time… waaa waaa waaa…Come on! You’re a teenager, you don’t sleep at night anyway… so don’t tell me you don’t have time! Okay, once you overcome all the negativity in your brain, dress nicely and get out of your house! Don’t forget to take 

 I believe in Recreational Fun..Experience Jobs for young entrepreneurs…river khayaking, rafting, ..etc. However, you need a process that is repeatable, easy and secure. It takes deep thinking and some responsible adults setting it up. I'll give you an Example of a business like that in Bali, river rafting on the Iron River, a fairly flat river, with some white water here and there for a two-hour experience. Each inflatable raft had a Guide. There was one Descent in the Morning at 10 AM and one after lunch at 2 PM. It was well organized. Each Descent consisted of maybe 30 rafts of 5 people going dow 

Today, American teenagers are getting involved in business much more willingly than ever before. The reaction of parents and teachers is different. Some criticize this tendency, while others welcome and encourage it. And some teachers believe that students should be more familiar with the basics of business so that they can rely on their own knowledge. When you are in a school or college, you have to focus on getting as much knowledge and experience as possible. That does not leave you a lot of time for private ventures. So, if your goal is to go into a business, you need to learn how to levera 

some of best business idea for teenagers. 1. Sell eBooks Selling eBooks from various authors or books that you authored is easy means a teenager can earn extra income. If you are good at writing books, there are countless numbers of subjects that you can write about and of course there will be ready market for such subject. One of the easiest ways to generate monies from selling eBooks is to start writing self – help books or books on ‘How To’.  For example, if you are good with graphics, you can write a book on ‘How to create your own logo’ there are loads of people out there that will be willing 

Let's be honest, we all hear about how eCommerce is booming and how anybody can create an online store and start selling like crazy, but so few actually succeed in a consistent way... The truth is that a lot of people started an online store or tried dropshipping, and they got burned or gave up too early...They struggled with technical stiff like setting up an online store, pre-paid stock, inventory, fulfilment , cashflow, and so on. There is actually an EASY and FAST way to start - following the“Print On Demand Profits ” business model and it suits all teens to start with Most industries have p 

Thanks For A2A. I Think I can give your Answer With My Personal experience. When I was In 8th Standard I Started The Tech and Hacks Tricks Blogging With The Help of WordPress. My Blog Gose Upto 70k Alex Rank.Now I'm Easily Earning 4-5k Months Through Referrals, Affiliates And Ads. It was Too For A Students.While Doing Blogging I Was Don't Remember I'm a Student.I Falling in Academics Results. In 7th I Got 9.4CGPAIn 8th Class I Got 8.6 CGPAIn 9th Class I Got 8 CGPAWhen I Was In 9th I Have An Totally New Idea For Starting A Startup . I Left The Blogging And Started The Startup Technics And It's Wor 

1. Start a Blog. Think blogging is no longer a viable source of income? Think again. Tens of thousands of bloggers (including yours truly) are creating profitable content on topics as diverse as scrapbooking, home cooking, travel, film, lifestyle, business, personal finance and more. And we're growing our blogs into six-figure businesses thanks to a combination of email subscribers, affiliate marketing, blog sponsorships, and other revenue streams. 2. Graphic Design. While having a formal background in graphic design is absolutely going to be helpful, it’s also relatively easy to learn the founda 

Learn some aspect of digital marketing, best practices for SEO for example and sell your services to local small businesses who don't have a clue. Ebay and Amazon specializations are also valuable and relatively easy to master. PPC that focuses on localization or inexpensive platforms like Facebook. Affiliate marketing is also an area small businesses often don't understand. Obviously, all this requires the business to have a basic ecommerce presence (except for eBay or Amazon), so understanding how to help them get that done is useful too. Find some aspect of finding specific demographics of  

When I was a pre-teen I started a business in my neighborhood cutting grass, raking leaves, running errands and being available to do general chores for people who couldn’t them. Eventually I added house sitting, pet walking and baby/senior sitting to my list. I always had more work than I could do. Ironically I live in a suburb of Texas where I have repeatedly asked neighbors if they had any teens I could hire to just move boxes in my house from my garage to my top floor attic walk-in closets. Not a single teen was willing to do that job. I was willing to pay more than minimum wages, with a bonus 

Who are some of the most admired entrepreneurs?
Larry Page and Sergey Brin. Honestly because they just seem to be decent people.  (Larry Page (left) and Sergey Brin (Right) founded Google as a PhD project) In 1998, Larry and Sergey were working on a PhD project at Stanford in Computer Science. They were trying to find a good way to catalogue web pages. The current big Search Engine was Yahoo!. First off at least in my experience people in academia are generally nicer people. Anyway Brin and Page found a great way to do it and made it free so everyone could try it out without no idea that they would launching the largest deep tech company in th 

I am a huge fan of Richard Branson, the founder of Virgin airlines and a slew of other innovative brands. Here is why I admire Richard: He writes candidly and openly about the good and the bad of running businesses. He doesn’t just sugarcoat it.He is focused on big problems, problems that truly matter to the future of civilization.He is focused on customer satisfaction and creating remarkable experiences over process and protocol. I love the story he tells in one of his books (I think The Virgin Way) about an airline employee who personally puts transportation costs and all sorts of other expen

I am pretty Sure, most of you admire Bill Gates, Steve Jobs, Mark Zuckerberg or Elon Musk. But I am Not. I am sure you must not have thought about the founder, To whom I admire most. He is Rahul Yadav, Founder of Housing.com.  When I took admission in college in back 2014, I heard about him from one of my friend. That time, he was in every news. I started reading about him and I was really inspired from him. He founded Housing.com in 2012 and dropped out from IIT Bombay in his final year. Housing.com sold eight million dollars' worth of real estate in its first week.He's taken the Indian start-up ec 

Warren Buffet. He started out young and learned from his mistakes each time. He lives a simple life and never changed his eating habits. Still a McDonald’s man. He even lives in the same house for the past how many years! His philanthropy encompasses a diversified number of initiatives. More than the name, it’s the person and the values he lives by that essentially I admire. His life shows his integrity, humility and perseverance. These are traits that I do not see much of these days. I see a lot of liars, cheats, power hungry and delusional so-called intellectuals. And let’s not forget those wh 

This entrepreneur features a lot of noise both conspiracy oriented and otherwise, but, his thinking and output were extraordinary to the point of being unequaled. He had a partner on a couple of big projects whom was also one of the greatest of all time. This second man, however, was far more grounded as a person and businessman. The two present a study in duality which makes sense as they harnessed electricity into alternating current, the form that powers everything everywhere. Nikola Tesla has way too much printed about his oddities and the tough luck he went through in life. So much so, in f 

Well, as I’m living in Egypt and would be in the scene of the Egyptian entrepreneurship ecosystem, I’d say Ameer Sherif; co-founder of the Egyptian recruitment platforms Wuzzuf and Forasna. Number of reasons I’d say why I appreciate him; He is a helpful person to the point you can’t imagine while I was working on my own startup he suggested many ideas that can work for the startup and the solution of the problem.He worked hard to change the recruitment conditions in Egypt for qualified professionals “Wuzzuf” and “Forasna” other types of workers.Under his management, he secured investments from 5

I admire various entrepreneurs on grounds of their zeal and vision to add value. however my most favorite is: Steve Jobs. He went deep diving into lives of people - specially the emotions and attachment. the inner beauty of inside and outside. How we connect to each other, music, art and books though sense of touch - as in the sensation that goes in us. He created the ecosystem to make everyone count for and get a piece of cake from it. He could have been unethical to employees or rude but that is what made him stand apart in delivering best of class products and solutions by making most of ski 

BILL GATES founder of Microsoft is the most admired entrepreneur by small-business owners polled by Office Depot as part of the 2012 National Small Business Week. Almost one in three (32%) said they admire Gates. He also was one of 7 initial inductees last September to the Entrepreneurs Walk of Fame established by the Kauffman Foundation. However, he didn't even make the list of teenagers' most admired entrepreneurs compiled by Junior Achievement. Click on Gates' photo to see other admired entrepreneurs. TONY HAWK is one of the best professional skateboarders ever who parlayed his physical skil 

I guess Richard Branson ( Ted Turner, from the old school thinking generation), but Branson … and I haven’t studied him a lot is a very successful, Brit’, who under the Virgin label launched 200+ business concepts … everything from Records, to Mobile, to Airlines, to round the world ballooning expeditions at 20,000 feet. His quote that sticks out, if he had it to do over again … “I would try more, faster”. In other words “try” (as in maybe fail), at a more rapid pace to get to success. Genius. That and I find Brits to be at once quirky, grounded and highly smart around money. America may be the  

The co-founder and executive chairman of Alibaba Group:Jack Ma He is a perfect example of a person who created himself. He literally started from no where but today his net worth is $38.6 billion. He applied for 30 different jobs and got rejected by all. He even went to KFC when it came to his city, total twenty-four people went for the job. Twenty-three were selected but only Jack Ma was rejected. In addition to this, he applied 10 times to Harvard Business School and got rejected. Despite of the failures he kept trying and today Alibaba Group, a multinational technology conglomerate is a billi 

Why is CEO pay as high as it is?
 Consider these shocking facts. In the year 2015 - I got paid around $35,000 for just one day’s work.My work involved ONLY giving advice &amp; my opinions.On normal days individuals paid $500 per hour for my time (skype video/call)Companies pay me $1,500 per hour for my expertise.I used to work 4 days a month (of 8 hours) when I was in Dubai, UAE as my expenses were higher.Today I work 4 to 8 hours a month.2016 was when I took a whole year off as I had earned enough money in 2015 and didn’t need to work for the whole year.I spent 2016 studying, learning, traveling and updating my brand.However, when 

I am going exactly opposite the most voted answer under this question. Short answer: Yes they are overpaid. A fresher engineer gets 3 lacs INR per annum in India and approximately $60,000 in USA. While average CEO salary in India is 1,50,00000 which is 1.5 crore INR and average salary for CEO in USA is approximately $10 million. Please note these salaries are mostly for well established organizations, not considering start-ups.   Over last few decades with globalization and corporate advancements. Salaries of CEOs have grown by more than 900% while salaries of average worker/ employee has grown les 

There are various role of CEO involves below that’s the reason he is highly paid in the organisation  As a leader  Advises the BoardAdvocates / promotes organization and stakeholder change related to the organization missionSupports motivation of employees in organization products/programs and operationsAs a visionary  Ensures staff and Board have sufficient and up-to-date informationLooks to the future for change opportunitiesInterfaces between Board and employeesInterfaces between organization and communityAs a decision Maker  Formulates policies and planning recommendations to the BoardDecides or g

NO. They are not overpaid. In a normal scenario when a company hires a CEO, the company needs the CEO badly and not the other way round. So why is the CEO so important? Can't we just pick the best employee, best programmer, best driver, the best sales guy from the existing lot and make him the CEO? What makes a person a CEO material? His ability to make decisions and own up to it. As simple as that. 90% of CEO’s job revolves around making decisions. How hard can that be? Have you been to an ice cream store with a 5-page menu and 300 icecreams? You get so overwhelmed that you either choose vanilla 

I think, yes, they are, but I am not going to list the reason on why I think they are overpaid, instead, I am going to refute the other two answers specially the one from Asim Qureshi. This answer is not to dismiss the value of Nadella. He is by all accounts a good CEO and he has helped clean up a toxic culture in Microsoft. However, over the past 30 years, people who think like Asim has used the same argument he outlined in his answer to constantly shift the gains we have made in productivity by improving technology to management class, I personally think even people making the argument know i 

CEOs are the first in line to be sacked when the company underperforms the stakeholders' expectations. CEOs are taking a big risk here, CEOs over the world have an average tenure of 5 years. you can remain a normal employee of a company for more than 20 years if you do your job just okay.When you are running a corporation with more than 50 employees, its an incredibly complex task.Every decision of a CEO has long term implications for the company, its customers and employees, they have to be very cautious and smart with how they manage the company.There is no 40 hours work week for CEOs, most 

Krishaan's answer covered many important points, but I'd like to supplement it here. He focuses on the reasons for the rise in (lucrative) equity compensation, which explains a sizable chunk of the executive pay gains.  He also points out the massive increase in ratio of CEO pay to average worker pay.   Of course, the increase in absolute CEO/executive compensation only represents half of the ratio; the other contributing factor is the stagnation in worker pay.  Had the value of labor doubled, the exec/worker pay ratio would be halved and wouldn't seem quite so egregious.   Because of this, it's  

NIKESH ARORA-: Previous Roles include Ceo SoftBank, Prior to that he was working in Google.    He was a former Google Executive. He later served as the president for Softbank Group, joining the company in October 2014 until stepping down on 21 June 2016. On 1 June 2018 Arora took on the role of CEO and chairman at Palo Alto Networks. In 2012, Arora was technology behemoth Google’s highest paid executive. Arora’s annual package was Rs 344 crore. He joined Japanese internet and telecommunications titan SoftBank in September 2014 at a whopping annual compensation of Rs 850 crore to take charge of its g 

It really depends on the CEO and the company I think a CEO who's paid $1 million by a company worth $100 million is more overpaid than a CEO paid $10 million by a company worth $500 billion. But in any case the claim usually made by people is we should cut the CEO’s pay and share the cut between the employees. Let's take an example…the CEO of Apple, Tim Cooke makes $3 million a year as a salary. Apple employs 116,000 employees worldwide. So let's take this $3 million and turn it into say $500,000. So $2.5 million divided by 116,000 employees. Congratulations you've made an extra $20 a year or ab 

The only people who say salaries are too high are those unfamiliar with the challenge of finding a great CEO. Think of them no differently than you would a professional sports player. You want the best you can find and that costs money. The market decides their worth. What was the value of Steve Jobs to shareholders? Think of the tens of billions in value he built for shareholders. Keep in mind they had other CEOs who ran the company into the ground. Do you think anyone cared that he was paid billions? He improved the lives of millions of customers, shareholders, employees and suppliers! Here i 

What are some things everyone should know before starting up their own company?
Instead of telling you what to do, let me tell you what I did. I am an Automobile Engineer and I was always curious to learn about how automobiles work. I started by working with a college team that used to fabricate an open wheeled formula type race car. This helped me in terms of understanding the dynamics of how a race-car works and working in a team. I worked for 2 years with this team and we participated in competitions held in Italy. This helped me to learn more about how foreign teams built their cars and the engineering they used in making the car faster and endure different resistances 

 Ready for a quick experiment? Here’s how it works: 1- Find a nice comfortable rocking chair. 2- Sit on it. 3- Start swaying. 4- Relax and enjoy the chair. 5 - STOP.  Lesson? Tell me, did you move? Of course you didn't move, correct? Well, whenever you really decide to start your own business, I HIGHLY recommend you to make your first investment in a good rocking chair to have it in your workplace to help you remember this lesson: You can be “active” all day long on a rocking chair you won’t ever move an inch!“OVERTHINKING IS LIKE A ROCKING CHAIR, IT WILL GIVE YOU SOMETHING TO DO, BUT IT WON’T GET YOU ANYW

I will try to break it down into a few major points: Learn sales. If you haven't learned yet, do it now. If you have learned, get better. Sales is merely having the character to solve other people's problems. If you can do that, you can sell any brand.Take drastic action and make focused decisions. Talking about it, thinking about it… going to networking events instead of growing it — none of these will grow your business. As a matter of fact, the only thing that will grow your business, is sales. See number 1.It will take at least 10 to 20 times more money and time than you thought it would ta

I’ve started and taken over multiple companies and it always begins the same way. To be successful, it means jumping in with both feet. You have to make a commitment to the successful outcome of the business no matter what. It’s hard to turn it into anything big unless you are extremely dedicated to results. I would start by assessing your own life to see if there are other examples of commitment in your life, such as school, relationships, kids, dogs, prior work, etc., because the level of commitment for a successful result as a business owner is no different. If you’re someone who can’t do th 

If you are starting a business for the first time, you may forget to include all of the little supply needs in your start-up budget. You will want to look at the things that you will need for a project or just overall. You will find that there are tons of reasons for you to want to consider the little things. Things like not having a clock in a rental space could mean all the difference when trying to rent out an office. You will want to make sure that you are prepared for even the smallest things. Even if your place looks good, but you don’t have anything that you need like a paper clip or a  

Learn how to find paying customers within one day. Yesterday I was having a coffee with a friend. We were working on a business idea, and just invalidated the concept. He brought up an old problem from when we were working on our full-time jobs. We realized at that moment that the problem might be big enough to build a tech startup around. It could be massive, so from being frustrated I get all of a sudden excited again. This is what we then did; from discussing the idea till now: I called my partner. She has a PhD in Entrepreneurship, and it’s always worth bouncing an idea with a smart skeptic.We

Growth) is an all too important factor metric to become a successful business. It is the one thing that all business owners are seeking but oftentimes ignores the most important steps on how to achieve it. Some get lost in the process, others get utterly stuck, while some do it with flying colours. Those who have succeeded in their endeavours to grow their business only echo the same fundamental advice--understanding the ins and outs of your business. Here are some tips: *Know what your processes are. Do this by establishing a list of actions or steps to be taken after one event is triggered. A  

During the pre-launch stage of your product/service, you should set up a foundation for your business in order to ensure that your product will achieve success. Here I am sharing some of the tips to give you a better idea of strategies that most of the entrepreneurs follow in this particular phase: Test the Waters First: Don’t reach to the public just yet, at least not for now. Start by signing up your family and friends. This should come easy, considering you don’t need a special marketing technique to reach them. Friends and family can provide you with feedback concerning usability and how their 

I would recommend, if you don’t have any experience in the area you want to pursue, to volunteer. Then, write a business plan to support your experience. But, even if you do all of that, there’s still a chance of failure. For example, when I started my media corporation, I had no experience in media. I just knew I enjoyed working in media, so I volunteered for a year at a local magazine, a local tv station and local radio station. The year of experience was great, but there was still a lot of “holes” of knowledge that I had about the industry. I asked the CEO of the magazine if he could help m 

 Are you starting your first business? You need to learn a great deal before you set the ball rolling. Learning enables you to become aware of the challenges ahead. You will be equipped to deal with many challenges and also avoid many painful mistakes that cost so much money. Here are some of the lessons to learn before pouring your hard earned money into your business: Write a winning business planA polished business plan will not only help you achieve your business goals but also attract investors whenever you pitch to them. Here is how to ensure you knock it out of the park: Carry out in-depth r

What is the best advice for first-time entrepreneurs?
ALWAYS TRUST YOUR GUT FEELING - In the beginning you won’t be a professional businessman so you’ll likely do a lot of crazy stuff and create work based on dreamy ideas. And other days you’ll find yourself jammed, hoping for an answer for some sort of annoying problem and you’ll come with a solution “out of nowhere”. These 2 scenarios have one thing in common: Gut Feeling. Always trust your gut over anything else. And I mean anything. Sometimes you’ll be right and even the most respected experts won’t. Sometimes you’ll have to ignore everybody else and acknowledge that your solution is THE SOLU

Briefly: 1. Start with WHY. This famous advice of Simon Sinek may be one of the most important ones. Before you start making a product, know why you’re doing it - what (and whose) problem will it solve - and keep it in mind all the time.  2. Remember that short cuts make long delays. When working on a new product, don’t try to skip doing the feasibility study or a proof of concept. Don’t think that you know your target group well enough! All the steps that come before an MVP (read about them here: Do not start making your app with an MVP!) help you learn about your customers’ needs. Take your tim 

 5.7M. That is the number of small and medium sized businesses in the UK alone, from a population of 65 million, many of whom are children or retired. The world isn’t short of new businesses. In fact the world is becoming more; CompetitiveSpecialised as more and more countries are becoming mid-income and high-incomeWith that being said, there are also more opportunities than ever with the internet rising incomes, and so on. So what’s the best advice for first-time entrepreneurs given this information? I would say: Get a job. Get good at it. Make loads of revenue. Then start your own business with 

There are many things which they have to learn inorder to play this long-term “GAME” and make their name in this industry along with other Players.  “ENTREPRENEURSHIP” is not an small scale “GAME” which is played on general Terms of the field but it’s an exotic “GAME” which is played on your Own terms and they have to make your own rules to jump-up &amp; capture the most market share ASAP GO BE FUCKING ENTREPRENEUR BECAUSE ENTREPRENEURS NEVER GIVE UP Have a Look ay my List:- #1 - Never Give Up Write this on your “ARM” or in your diary and do whatever you want to do with it but convince yourself that you 

This is a mistake I am yet to see a first time entrepreneur not doing. I did this myself, years ago, and I am watching my brother doing the exact same mistake. It took 2 painful crash-and-burns and dozens of meetings with my entrepreneur club for me to start getting it:You are not building a finished product or a finished service. You’re building a way to get there. Let me explain: I meet a lot of young entrepreneurs who will often describe in abundant details their great vision and perfect idea. I often agree that their idea is great, but they always fool themselves thinking that building the 

What is the best advice for first-time entrepreneurs?  I’m gonna list “don’t”s. And keep in mind that the opposites are not necessarily the “do”s too. There are a lot of factors that’s hidden under the fog of your personality, character, sixth sense, subconcious and etc. Don’t do it because you think it is “cool”. Or worse, you think people think it is cool. They don’t and you shouldn’t either.Don’t do it because you wanna get rich, and/or you wanna get rich fast. Money is the result, never the action or the product.Don’t do it if it won’t scale or you want to stay small.Don’t do it to be “your o

If you’re tenacious- and you’re willing to constantly adapt to change- you can make it as a first-time entrepreneur. If not, you’ll almost certainly fail. Now, that’s a pretty strong statement, but my experience tells me that tenacity and adaptability are the two key traits that any entrepreneur must have- and these traits are even more crucial for a first-timer. That said, here’s my best advice for first-time entrepreneurs:  Cash is more important than profit I had a residential plumbing company as an accounting client years ago. They did $3 million in annual sales, and it sure looked like they we 

STOP! I mean it… STOP! I’m going to read your mind… and save you money! Interested? Okay, you’re a first time entrepreneur, you’re just getting started, congratulations, you’ve taken the first and most difficult step… getting started! Amazing! Now, I can almost read your mind… I can anticipate the mistake you’re most likely going to make or already making … But wait, don’t feel bad. It’s okay, we all make this mistake, but I want to stop you before you continue… I can tell you’re working on your BETA version of your product or service… You want it to work perfectly before you get it to your customers. R 

If you want ONE piece of real advice, it’s this: Focus You’re going to ignore me and learn that lesson yourself the hard way though ;) No matter how much you think you are focusing you are still not focusing enough. You can still reduce all your plans down by factor of 10. Do not create construction sites. Anything you start you have to finish. If you ask yourself, “I have only one day to live, and I need to ship the absolutely most critical thing to validate my startup, what should I do?” My guess is it is not the 200 things that you would like to do. You need to be more aware of your own mortalit 

I suggest some very useful tips for first-time but also for entrepreneurs with more experience: 1 - Model leading entrepreneurs and learn from them 2 - Learn how to become more productive 3 - Stop making excuses and take action! 4 - Define your self-education learning strategy and sell your expertise to other people 5 - Start small and grow big 6 - Make self-learning a new habit 7 - Choose your learning format 8 - Learn to reinforce your mindset 9 - Fully apply what you learned 10 - Spend your money wisely 11 - Learn how to market your business 12 - Don't be influenced by negative people SELF-EDUCATION FOR 

How can I start a business and be an entrepreneur without the right education?
This is my 4 year old playing a video game: He doesn’t have much education yet. He’s just starting to read and write.  Yet, he can WIN the video game.  How can he do this? By trying, and trying again, and again, and again! Eventually he wins! He will do this, without the “right” education! Did he read the game manual?No! He just got started!Did he get any special training?No! He just got started!To answer your question: How can you start a business and be an entrepreneur? You need to get started! You need to trust your amazing learning abilities! You can do it if you believe in yourself, start exploring  

Right education to be an entrepreneur? There isn't any, despite what some colleges say. Entrepreneurship is a mindset without the dogma of education. I have degrees in geology, zoology, and (almost) finance. My one-person business is technical/professional writing, teaching scientists and engineers how to write, and writing/publishing books. The only common denominator--a stretch-- between my education and business is science. My book, 12 Simply Smart Secrets for Living Large by Prospering Small, is a prescription and description for fiscal and social success, and for a life with meaning and com 

By ‘right education’ do you mean going to college? I started a business while I was in college, and I learned more from experiences outside of school than being in class ever could have taught me. There are many successful entrepreneurs that didn’t go to college. Bill Gates 2. Steve Jobs  3. Mark Zuckerburg  4. Gary Vaynerchuk  5. Sam Ovens  The list continues. Let me first explain why you don’t need to go to college to start a business. You Literally don’t have to.If you wanted to become a nurse, doctor, or engineer, you have to go to college. Why? Because you need a degree, certificate, or some sort of c 

“ Business IS NOTHING BUT A SYSTEM WHERE GOODS AND SERVICES ARE EXCHANGED “. I think lack of proper education cannot stop you from being an entrepreneur because all is about mindset ,dedication ,willing to do work and your hunger towards success. 1.MICHAEL DELL, the founder of dell 2.DHIRUBHAI AMBANI, the owner of one of the biggest telecom operator. 3.RATAN TATA, the founder TATA group of industries. And many more became the business tycoons without going through a management education. Let me come to the main point , To start a business you do need a degree, but you can start a business by develop 

According to the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, only 46 percent of college students actually finish their degrees. Research also shows that college graduates ages 25 to 32 earn $17,500 more annually than their non-degree-holding counterparts. But, given the crushing cost of student debt and a slowly recovering job market, is a college degree really worth it? I suggest you to check out this advices buy Business Insider 1. Start a service business. A service business is usually the easiest type of business to start. There isn't much overhead, and you don't need many conta 

It’s a great question. I’m not convinced there is a conventional path to attain the “right education” that would best prepare someone to start a business or jump into entrepreneurship. There are a myriad of resources, organizations and Government sponsored agencies doing their best, on a tight budget to promote and support new businesses. A vast Global Industry exists, dedicated to deliver value to businesses at all stages of their life cycle. An entrepreneur and small business owner has access to more material and help than they can possibly consume. All business start-ups can be the culmination 

 School is never out for professionals. The term is formal education, to which you are calling right education. Right? But first tell me one thing if you have to learn swimming then are you going to study fluid mechanics for it? And the answer is obviously no. All you need to do is to know some basic steps used while swimming, go in the water &amp; voila you will learn swimming after doing practice. Same rule applies to the business or entrepreneurship. All you need to do is to have a basic idea about what you are going to make, get some equipment related to it &amp; voila you will become the entrepreneur 

Interesting question. What is the’ right education’ for an entrepreneur? Here some thoughts: Entrepreneurs spark the idea behind the business. That idea can come from anywhere, whatever your personal or educational background. There are plenty of entrepreneurs who have little formal education (but they need other qualities - please see my other posts for this topic).The success of the business stems from excellent execution of that idea. For that, some business education may be useful or else you should work with someone who has a track record in building and running a successful business. That 

In my experience, there is no ‘’right education’’ needed to start a business. Some of the most wealthy, successful business people dropped out of college or school to pursue their dream when everyone told them they were crazy. If you want to start a business, you just need to get started. Constantly consuming information but never putting it into practice will get you nowhere. You learn from experience. You learn from failures. You learn from taking ACTION. You become successful by not letting self-limiting beliefs hold you back. Many of today’s new millionaires are making their fortunes by setting  

Frankly, you can’t. What you’ll end up doing is what everybody who starts their own business does - PUNT. There are no micro-enterprise training courses. There are no courses on how to structure, run or grow a one to ten person business which represent 95% of all the business in operation in the US. It’s traditionally learned in a trial and error process undertaken by people who are usually convinced they know what they’re doing. Unfortunately the statistics tell a different story. Nine out of ten startups cease operations within the first 18 months. If you want to avoid or at least mitigate th 

What are some examples of little known software giants?
Why does Elon Musk appear so much smarter than all the other tech CEOs?
One of the reasons I think Elon appears to be (and perhaps is) smarter than many other CEOs, is because he believes in getting down to the first principles of multiple disciplines. He has been observing and learning about different kinds of business and technical problems closely, and loves taking part in the core engineering solutions to problems. Contrary to what most CEOs are found doing - running business, partnerships, strategy and getting into countless meetings and discussions - Elon minimizes the time spent on managing, and increases the time he spends on solving problems. Yes, all prob 

Elon Musk is a lot of things. And you can argue he is the second coming of Jesus or the second coming of Hitler. And you’d probably have a good argument either way. But whatever you think of Elon Musk, there is one undeniable truth: Elon Musk is a master at marketing himself and his brand. No other CEO in the entire history of mankind has had as much success at marketing himself than Elon Musk. I would say he’s head and shoulders above even someone like Steve Jobs in that respect. Steve Jobs was a man with unparalleled charisma, but in the end he was someone who succeeded by creating a vision an 

. You know Bodybuilders right? Let’s check. Who is he? .  . . . That’s easy! . . Arnold! . . . Him? .  . . . Oh. I know him too. . . Sylvester Stallone. . . Ok. . Now. . Him?  . . . I see some struggling. . .. . Its Ronnie Coleman. . . .. . Let’s make it harder. Him?  . . . . No? . .. . . Kai Greene. . . .. . I’ll make it the Hardest. .. . This guy? .  . . . . give up already? . . . He is Rich Piana! . . Now, even people who don’t have much idea about Gymming or bodybuilding, could have been able to easily identify Arnold and Sylvester Stallone. . . But why it was tough for them to identify others? . . . Because one in the list is dead and most others are out of action, due to w 

Tom Goodwin summed it up about 5 years ago: Uber, the world’s largest taxi company, owns no vehicles. Facebook, the world’s most popular media owner, creates no content. Alibaba, the most valuable retailer, has no inventory. And Airbnb, the world’s largest accommodation provider, owns no real estate. Something interesting is happening. Elon is the only candidate for a true tech CEO. The products he makes are actually incredible. Two astronauts launched off in his rocket to get to the International Space Station. Meanwhile, every other ‘tech’ company is essentially repackaging an industry into an  

Began this as a response to a comment on another post. (The comment by Timmy Truman) but decided it was better as an answer in its own right. While it’s a valid point to say Elon didn’t found PayPal, Tesla, and some of his other companies, let me reframe it a little. A comparison to Steve Jobs is actually extremely on point. It’s not that he is was the initial creator of a given company or given technology that makes him impressive. It’s that whatever industry he touches, he revolutionizes. For lack of a better phrase he knows how to “Make things happen.” An example from Steve Jobs: He didn’t crea 

The modern day consumers do not buy anything through logic. They buy with emotions backed by facts. The brand story needs to have Purpose, Impact and Vision.The emotions created for the consumers far outweighs the features. Tesla doesn’t sell electric cars, they sell a mission for the future.  This is Elon Musk with his first car, a 1978 BMW 320i, in 1995. (Image source : Maye Musk/Twitter) Skipping to the 2020, Tesla is not only the most valued automaker in the world now but is also higher valued than the energy giant Exxon (once the most valued company in the world) and Toyota Motor Corporation wit 

Because he built himself an image of a genius and manage to create a huge fan base that cheers on whatever he said. When Musk tweeted “the coronavirus pandemic is dumb” on March 6th, 2020, it quickly became the most liked tweet that week. Musk followed that tweet up with a serie of Trumpian denials of the virus' seriousness until people started dying enmass in New York and California. He then promised to gift California some ventilators, to his fans' thunderous applause, only to then deliver some bongs rather than ventilators. When the state finally ordered shelter in place, he turned into a Ka 

READ AND SHARE PLEASE Elon is that the only candidate for a real tech CEO. The products he makes are literally incredible. Two astronauts launched off in his rocket to urge to the International space platform . Meanwhile, every other ‘tech’ company is actually repackaging an industry into an application you'll interact with on your phone. They’re generally jumpstarted by venture money that’s then funneled back to Amazon, Google, or Facebook that bids up digital advertising spots for superficial or artificial growth. And, rock bottom line, the overwhelming majority of those technology companies are 

Elon is NOT developing the next video game, social media app or even the next smartphone … Elon is a visionary genius with the relentless passion, purpose and courage to take humanity to the next era. Elon revolutionized global payments with PayPal. Today he’s attempting to revolutionize human transportation, energy, communications and space exploration.  Rocket launches (SpaceX)Global Internet Access (Starlink)Automobiles (Tesla)Solar Energy (Solar City)Tunneling (The Boring Co.)High speed transportation (Hyperloop)Energy Storage (Batteries)How does he manage, lead, and control all these revoluti 

He suffers from Trump Communication Syndrome. He says what he’s thinking without running it through layers of PR people who remove all content. We had Steve Jobs who would routinely tick people off by saying things. Then we have Bill Gates who has never said anything more controversial than “I want to help poor people.” People have different styles, but the way to judge them is by their deeds. Musk brainstorms and people react to it. He can test the practical ramifications before he implements the idea. I think people like that, and since he's succeeded, the confidence builds. If his SpaceX ear 

Why did Elon Musk decide to smoke marijuana on camera in a public interview?
I follow Elon pretty closely and full disclosure, I am an admirer of his accomplishments. He was undoubtedly well aware that Joe Rogan has an incredibly large audience, much larger than traditional TV audiences and 100X the size of a normal podcaster. He also knew that the interview would be very long and unfiltered. He knew Joe was going to press him on his work schedule, how he keeps it together, drug use, family life, etc. He also knew Joe was more than likely going to have some weed available and would almost certainly offer it up. The timing of this interview is completely intentional. Elo 

Q: Why did Elon Musk decide to smoke marijuana on camera in a public interview? TLDR: Tactics (with culpable deniability)   Placing my bet on “The Hudsucker Proxy.” [see video below]  Musk wants to take Tesla private. Tesla’s stock price is still too high (pardon the pun), for the capital he can raise to buy back all the stock… or alternatively 51%, controlling stock himself. He already made the mistake of tipping his hand about possibly taking Tesla private… 
 …momentarily bringing the potential ire of the SEC, and causing the stock to rise (whoops):  — It was quickly re 

I don’t think Mr. Musk should smoke psychoactive substances in public because he is a figurehead who represents the values of Tesla and Space X. They depend on precision manufacturing. What if someone who works for those companies cites Mr. Musk’s behavior as licence to do the same? What if things start going wrong and people shy away from these companies because they don’t want to put their lives in the hands of a company with such a CEO? This reminds me of the Clinton/Lewinsky affair. It seemed confusing about what the big deal was about. It was sort of a scandal because he was a married man

I’ve done a lot of reading on this. More than I should have, actually. Let me preface this by saying that I am strongly against all types of (illegal or addictive) drugs. HOWEVER… I believe that the media is making a bigger deal of this than it might actually be. The details are this: Elon Musk joined Joe Rogan on a podcast that was also streamed live. During the live stream, Musk and Rogan smoked a type of joint with tobacco and marijuana in it. Musk said that he ‘almost never smoked’ and did not notice any effects. He also said that he didn’t believe smoking was good for productivity. Things got 

Because he was offered in the midst of the conversation/interview and he felt like it might not be a bad idea to try. There is no need for any grander explanation than this nor is it something that requires philosophical brainstorming. “Why did Musk wear a black T-shirt in the interview?” Well, I don’t know. Maybe because that T-shirt was closest to him when he woke up from the bed in the morning. The question has same relevance as his “smoking marijuana” (gasp) Also this being a “public interview” doesn’t change anything. “Public” liked the interview. Every bit of it. As of writing, the interview 

I’m going to answer this like I answered the one about him doing acid: WHO THE FUCK CARES. First off, weed is legal in California. He could have taken a volcano hit to the dome and walked down La Cienaga Boulevard while singing the Pink Panther soundtrack and it wouldn’t fucking matter. Second, the guy has already made his billions. Yes, he owns the “most elite” electric car company in the world. Yes, he’s launched rockets and cars into space. Yes, he helped create one of the most used electronic payment platforms in the world. He works relentlessly to accomplish his projects. Plus, he’s been unde 

Because it's the Joe Rogan Experience. It's Joe Rogan, live, it's his podcast. Joe Rogan is a keto dieting meathead with crazy strong legs, super smart comments and insights and a totally bad ass Socratic approach to just about anything and I mean that in the best possible way. He kicks like a mule and he smiles like a crocodile. He's a bow and arrow hunting, marathon running, wild cat hating, dog loving, taaekwondo practicing, MMA commenting, stand up comic. And that's the hottest piece of podcast on the internet and Joe Rogan is one hell of a host. So he had Musk over for a chat and some whis 

Come on now. Marijuana has been part of human civilization for so long that our biology is actually attuned to it via a special adaptation called the endocannabinoid system which is found in nearly all mammalians. The hysteria surrounding cannabis is bizzare and extremely outdated as are the majority of laws against it. Big pharma and Uncle Sam have really done a number on people’s heads in regard to this plant and it’s high time people started to look at the research and to start thinking for themselves about it. The fact is that the demonization of marijuana has done a lot more harm than good. 

It seems obvious that the weed was planned, but we have to wonder, was it staged? There are three main Scenarios I can think of… Scenario #1 Joe Rogan gets almost everyone to smoke on his show. It is what makes his show the “Joe Rogan Experience.” (Excluding Scientists) Rogan is a master manipulator. He purposely picked out mixed weed and tobacco as a means to make it look safer. Joe Rogan purposely got Elon to drink throughout the Podcast and then waited to the end to pull out the joint. He also did the same thing to Alex Jones. Scenario #2 Elon Musk is playing out the tortured Genius role of Howard  

I don’t know, it was a pretty stupid decision. Ego? Look, I don’t really care if someone is smoking weed, and lots of other people don’t either. But enough people do care that it’s not a good idea to light up and broadcast it to the whole world when you’re a titan of industry™. There are still plenty of Americans, some of them stock holders, that have a strong reactionary distaste for marijuana. They’re not going to care it was a weak mix. If you think about other markets, particularly in Asia, it’s going to be seen in an even more negative light. At the least it will be good material for compe 

What do the tech giants secretly worry about?
Why does Europe not have a smart phone company like Apple Inc?
How often do tech companies ask LeetCode Hard questions during interviews?
What don't people tell you about working at a top tech company?
How are non-technical people able to found successful tech startups?
Why is Intel struggling to reach 7nm (2023 now) while being much bigger and richer company than AMD who is already on 7nm? 7nm is already available from many companies but not from Intel.
What tech company do you think should not exist?
How long can a car continue to move in reverse gear?
Many years ago I had the misfortune to own a Honda Odyssey. I called it “The Fridge” on account of its boxy white ugliness.  After owning it for a while it started to develop an intermittent transmission problem where it wouldn’t go into Drive. Usually I would sit there, with my 5 year old son in the back ready for school, and repeatedly put the transmission into Park, then Drive. After a few attempts it would happily go into Drive and we’d be on our way. Until the day came when no matter how many times I tried, it simply refused to play along. I had no choice - I had about 15 minutes to get my so 

Harpreet Dev Has Been Driving Backwards for the Last 11 Years  Indian taxi driver Harpreet Dev is well-known in his hometown of Bhatinda, Punjab, for his amazing reverse driving skills. The 30-year-old has been driving his cab in reverse for the past 11 years. Harpreet is so used to it now that he says he doesn’t trust himself to drive forwards anymore! He even has a special government license that allows him to drive backwards in any state in the northern part of India.  Harpreet’s passion for reverse driving started in 2003, when his faithful Fiat Padmini got stuck in reverse gear late one night 

Wow, Some questions can ‘drive’ you down the memory lane! I must have been in 6th standard , when we had this Old Maruti 800. It was getting older. Like ‘refusing to climb up slopes with 4 people inside’ kind of older.  It was the second Saturday of one of the summer months. How do I remember? It was hot (obviously the old AC didn't work) and it was Parents- Teacher meeting at school. So it was a hot Second Saturday. On luckier days, mom would go for such meetings. But this was one of the days when dad was in his 'responsibility' mode. So off we went. In the old Maruti. We reached school. My dad m 

Dunno, I’ve done over 1 mile in reverse when I met a tractor and fully laden (overhanging bales of hay) trailer with about 20 cars behind it in a narrow Devonshire road. The whine on a manual / shift shift is simply due to the reverse gears being straight cut and not helical like the forward gears. Reverse is either about the same or lower than 1st so engine revs higher and top speed in reverse is lower than 1st. Automatic in reverse doesn’t sound very stressed at all. Transmission is though the same set of helical cut epicyclic gears. Reverse will typically be between 1st and 2nd so revs are lo 

Logically speaking, there is no known relation between the distance/time of operation of a vehicle in a particular gear (denoted as numbers or letters) and the gear engaged.  The operation of gearboxes in cars is governed by a principle called ‘Speed-Reduction’ a.k.a, Torque conversion (which is done by arranging and selecting gears) that determines the adequate amount of Torque/Power to be sent to the wheels at any given instance. This is governed by the individual gear’s design (Spur &amp; Helical gears) and its size. The primary function of the first gear (out of the typical 4 or 5 gears in manua 

The best way to answer this question is through video. In the Netherlands, they have been conducting empirical research on this very question since 1971, courtesy of TV show Ter Land, Ter Zee En In De Lucht:  In the 1970s, the only indigenous Dutch car brand, DAF, featured models with CVT automatic transmission, one quirk of which was allowing the cars to drive as fast backwards as forwards. So they had to have their own division, to keep the racing fair:  1.1K views · View upvotes2YaakovAnswered 4 years ago

There is one problem that most likely will occur even with limited RPM. Because of the the lack of airflow the radiator will not provide enough cooling. Altough it is usually equiped with a elecric fan this is probably not sufficient to keep your motor cool when its at a constant 2500 RPM. But is you really like to drive in reverse fast you can best use look for a car with a variomatic like some European cars had in the 60s and 70s. With their belt driven ‘gears' they are as fast forward as backwards. And even if you don't like driving in reverse there are some situations when it can be very use 

This occurred several decades ago, specifically during the summer of 1955. My mother had a 1950 Chevrolet with a manual transmission. A friend of mine and I used to use the car to explore back roads. Also, I had unbolted and removed the cooling fan because it was rarely needed; the motion of the car would drive sufficient air through the radiator to prevent over heating under normal conditions. This one time I was driving with my friend on a back “road”; it was unpaved and there was room for only one car. Eventually we had to stop because there was a fallen tree across the road. Turning around  

If an engineer designs a gearbox, he chooses dimension of all parts according to the needs of the user. Usually a gearbox is designed to live as long as the car lives, so the MTBF (mean time between failures) is equivalent to an use of 160,000 to 200,000 miles. An engineer calculates how many hours the car will be in operation to travel this distance, and he may have statistical data on the amount of hours a car stays in reverse during that time. So all gears and parts of the gearbox will be tailored to live that operation time - and to be as cheap as possble. Years ago I read that first gear  

It depends on the mode of propulsion. If you really want to spend a lot of time in reverse, get an EV. Then the same motor that moves you forward will simply turn in the opposite direction, and you may be able to drive just as fast in reverse as you can in forward. There would be no extra wear. If you drive a car with a traditional transmission, there will likely be a number of forward gears and a single reverse gear. It makes no financial sense to design multiple reverse gears since people don’t typically need high speeds or long distances. But the single gear must be designed to move a car fr 

What are some of the cleverest inventions and ideas ever? Where can you purchase them, if possible?
Why is it often said that "quality is free"?
Regarding mechanics, what problem was so bad that you wanted to ask the owner "What the hell happened here"?
Why did all main British car maker companies disappear while so many other Europeans didn’t? Was the main cause for this, British labor unions policies at the time?
I would like to answer this question from the point of view of the British motorcycle, rather than car, industry because I was there at the end. I have written about this time in my autobiography “A Penguin in a Sparrow’s Nest” The Story of a Freelance Motorcycling Journalist eBook: Melling, Frank: Amazon.co.uk: Kindle Store If you would prefer to read a real book, on real paper, then please do have a look at Books By Frank Melling The book gives rare insight as to the mess that things were in at the time because I was in a very odd position. in 1970, I was student who also worked as a freelance  

Short version: Without customers, industries fail. I'm aware this won't be popular with some. However, this remains one of the critical causes and shouldn't be ignored. *This isn't political. The UK government opted to join a Continental trade block, drastically reducing all trade with Britain's traditional trade partners around the globe, customers who were very familiar with British vehicle manufacturers and Britain's well earned reputation for quality engineering, iconic designs and legendary manufacturing capacity. The average Continental European simply doesn't associate the British people w 

The demise of the British car industry was due to a culmination of various factors. First off was the division between well made cars and mass produced production line cars. Don’t for one minute think that a Rolls Bentley or a Lanchester or Daimler or any of those pre-war and immediate post-war cars were any less of a car than a continental or oriental sibling. The same happened in the USA, Dusenberg, Cord, Packard and such were vehicles well made and yet are no longer in production. What killed the car industry was mass production and a correlation to the economy. The USA were well equipped an 

I think there are many factors underlying the loss of relevance of British car manufacturing. I will try to list some: Contrary to German and French automakers, who led production and sales in Europe, British did not have to reconstruct an entire industry. This should come as an advantage, but ultimately not having to build new factories and new production lines hampered innovation. The need to innovate came too late and too far from what the market considered to be a good standard.Management and/or ownership of automobile companies was mainly in the hands of an aristocratic elite who, despite 

Many of the problems the British car and bike industry faced after 1945 were class based. There was a hard and very distinct line between workers and management, with the two despising each other instead of cooperating together. In other countries this was not the case. The companies making cars in Germany for instance had workers represented on the board. Ironically this was established by the post war British authorities. Germany had no rigid class structure since there was no royalty or aristocracy, no "haves", only "have-nots". Many factories were destroyed, the east of the country was phys 

My Dad after we moved to Luton in the late 1960’s and joined Vauxhall motors but after 1 day quit,He was used to working outside since being a kid at home in Ireland. On the day he joined another new employee had gone home sick at lunch time. Dad met him 6 months later and asked him how he was getting on at Vauxhall,Great the guy says haven’t being back since and still getting paid. In the late 90’s I ran into a friend from school who had joined Vauxhall when leaving,He was on night shift at the time and the place was still on piece work,The shift would get the work completed in about 3 to 4 hou 

I have to disagree with some of the answers. The first problem was workers… build quality was appalling and nobody seemed to care. Second problem was union leadership. Much of it Communist and committed to class war, defy management at every opportunity and care nothing for the long-term benefit of their workers. Some of them wanted to deliberately wreck the British car industry. Look what happened to the brilliant Hillman Imp. Third problem was very poor management. But unlike many here, I don’t agree our designs were poor compared with Japanese imports. The Mini, the Metro, Maestro, Allegro, the 

It’s easy to simplify the problems by blaming Unions. The British Car industry like many other British industries had an artificial advantage for lengthy periods due to its Colonialist and Imperialist past. Many manufacturing and heavy industries were able to foist their rubbish onto Colonised countries. There was no proper Quality Assurance as there had been no proper and open competitiveness. This largely remained true up until about WWII. Plus it was largely only American and European countries that made cars. Japan partnered with and licensed British manufacturers but they quickly realised  

The cause was more a question of Government policies than labour troubles. Let’s look at the Rover company who made British cars for the More succesful middle class people. Now Rover were a progressive company who made ‘conservative’ cars for the middle classes, polished wood dashboards and real leather seats combined with good performance and high real quality. I make no apologies for the fact that I’ve had five of them, all different models. Their ‘2000’ model of the 1960s was the dream of middle management. Easy 80mph cruise, excellent grip and handling, four individual ‘bucket’ seats, and  

Following on from Frank Melling’s authoritative observations, a small practical example of why Japanese took over the bike industry and to some extent the cars too. Late one wet and miserable winter Friday evening, I was picking my Honda 4 up from Comerford’s, a big Honda dealer in Surbiton, after a service. Standing outside, on the street were two men, one with a clipboard, one holding an umbrella. They were questioning the bikers as they wheeled their bikes out to ride home. After answering some quite general and other quite specific questions, I asked who they were. They were obviously Japan 

It is said that the Antikythera mechanism would have been built off of knowledge from previous inventions. Are there any known examples of similar devices leading up to its development?
Why do nuclear power plants have such wide chimneys?
‘Such wide Chimneys ^’: Are actually Natural Draft Cooling Towers( or Cooling towers) and ‘Very Narrow Chimney’ are called Stacks (or flue stacks or Chimneys). So basically Thermodynamics only allows you to use about 50%* of the energy obtained from burning fuels (Coal, Nuclear fission, Gas combustion, etc). The rest you need to let go; that is mainly achieved by dumping it into a river (or lake, sea etc). Before releasing the heat into water, it needs to cool down or it will de-color coral and kill sealife, so it must first be cooled using such Cooling Towers.1. vs 11 . The 1. shown in the dia

 If you are talking about this than This is not a chimney. Large power plants produce an enormous amount of heat but use up only about 50% of it. They must release the remaining 50% heat to avoid melting, so they blow it into the environment.If you release that moist air at a low level. Than this air damaged power plants pipelines and other construction. so it is necessary to give some height to this moist air.  In cooling tower warm water from the power plant condenser is sprayed over the fill. As the water goes through the fill, it is cooled by air moving upward in the cooling tower. some evapo

hey aarav, i think you are asking about these hyperboloid cooling towers. you can see them in nuclear , thermal power plants.  if that’s an yes and the answer for your question is. me too have that same question in my mind while i’m doing my engineering. why they have built chimneys this huge (that can be around 200m tall and 100m in diameter) and tall compared to narrow chimneys which built nearby plant. i got the answer when i had an opportunity to walk around the neyveli lignite corporation thermal power plant and saw that cooling towers from underneath it.  it’s basement looks like above pictu 

Chimneys? You mean these things?  These are not chimneys. They are called cooling towers. Large power plants produce huge amount of heat, but use up only about half of it. They must release the remaining heat to avoid melting, so they blow it into the environment. How do they release it? If there is a big enough river nearby, they use the water. But if not, they build these big chimney-LIKE towers to release heat by EVAPORATING WATER. Yes, these chimneys release steam and vapor, not smoke or radiation. And why such big towers? The hot water raining down in the bottom section of the tower causes the 

Quote:"The Narrow Chimney like these: (Number 11 depicted in the diagram) are for getting rid of the exhaust (generated from burning fuel)"- exhaust" is a euphemism for radioactive gases and particulates. These are routinely and constantly released all the time the NPP is running, but when the fuel is changed every 12 months or so, there is a huge spike and your kids get leukaemia.Quote: "You will never see a narrow chimney along with a nuclear power plant as they involve no burning of fossil fuels (nuclear waste disposal is not that easy)."All plants have to release harmful radioactivity 

They are not chimneys, they are cooling towers. All nuclear power plants that generate electricity commercially are really just 19th Century steam engines that use a nuclear reactor for their heat source instead of a furnace that burns wood, coal, or oil. A steam engine, just like any other heat engine, requires working fluid (in this case steam/water), a heat source (in this case the nuclear reactor), and a heat sink so that the working fluid can do work, i.e. turn turbine blades to generate electrical power. The heat sink comes in the form of cool water that is run through a condenser to tur 

The answers here are correct. I have been inside two cooling towers. Not obviously when in operation or I’d be cooked. The acoustics are truly strange, sounds echoed 8 times, and the space is disorienting. It’s hard to judge distance without corners of some sort.  The reactor is complex, the cooling tower is simple. The hot water is pumped up to the 40 foot level and dropped through a sort of screen covering the whole floor. When the steam rises the water cools and falls into a reservoir below where it is then pumped back to the reactor. There are two huge (in this case 12 foot) underground tu 

Allthough the other answers are correct, there is some truth in the question. [1] They LOOK bigger than other power plants  because a nuclear reactor is quite small compared to a same power coal plant. [2] They ARE bigger than the cooling tower of an advanced combined cycle gas plant of the same power. That has to do with the conversion efficiency of the plant. For steam turbines in modern coal or nuclear plants a Rankine cycle is used which has app 40% efficiency. Which means that 1 MW of electricity wil need to dispose of 1,5 MW of waste heat. A modern combined cycle gas plant has an efficiency  

A few technical corrections. The cooling towers do not collect wind. Wind is not part of the process. Air is, but not wind. It is not smoke or steam that comes out the top. It is water vapor. It is too cool to be steam. It is the same stuff as clouds. The reason for their shape, the hyperbolic convex-concave shape, is to promote air flow. These are natural draft cooling towers. If they are fan cooled they don't have to be so tall. By spraying the warm water at the bottom, cooler air is drawn in from the sides and up through the narrow part of the structure up to the top. There is a Venturi effe 

So first of all this is not chimney it's cooling tower. It has hyperbolic shape to serve two purposes 1) to create density difference between surrounding air &amp; air inside cooling tower 2) to withstand wind force Now from the turbine when the high temperature steam comes out it's needed to be cooled so it further goes into condenser, in the condenser by making direct or indirect contact with cooling water, steam gets condensed. Now the water which cools the steam in condenser gets heated as it absorb the heat from steam. So the cooling water coming out of condenser is hot and can't be directly s 

What is considered the most reliable automotive engine of all time?
My opinion is there are 3 motors i would consider the most reliable and this is from the block to the components as well. Firstly my personal favourite is the K series petrol engine from Toyota. I have owned 4 vehicles with different types of K engines and not one major problem with them. The K series motors started in the first generation corollas and finished in the last generation Toyota Townace here in Australia. The K series motors have a few different sizes, (1) k at one litre 2k at 1.1 litre 3k at 1166cc 4k at 1.3lt 5k at 1.5lt And the biggest at 1.8lt the 7k The 3k had the most rounded reliab 

Hello there, Over the years, one particular engine design has proven to be remarkably robust, as well as easy to service. Its also known globally as being probably one of the most reliable made during latter half of the 20th century, and continues to be used (and developed) into the 21st century. Its this :  The Toyota A-series DOHC 4-cylinder. [ Toyota A engine - Wikipedia ] Its history is long, and interesting. Its been in continuous development and use - and evolution into newer designs - from the 1970’s onwards. The engine design takes all the good concepts from Fiat and Alfa Romeo DOHC four-cyli 

Ask half a dozen different mechanics from that many different times and countries and you will get half a dozen different answers. Personally the most reliable one I ever worked on was the straight six Chevrolet engine used in cars from way back when thru the sixties and later. It lasted a long time, and it was the least likely to quit running of just about any engine of the period. One barrel carburetor, distributor, mechanical fuel pump, alternator, water pump, starter, you could swap out any of these parts in a hour on the side of the road, but you seldom ever needed to. Guaranteed to start so 

I nominate the glorious Volvo B18 and later B20. An inline 4, overhead valve, cam-in-block pushrod engine that will run as long as you keep oil in it. No timing belt or chain to worry about, and non-interference valves. It has entirely too many bearings for its size and horsepower, meaning those shafts will never go anywhere but ’round and ’round and ’round. These bulletproof engines were found in the Volvo Amazon's, 140 series, and the 1800, not to mention thousands of boats. There is a famous P1800 with 3.2 million miles on it, owned by the late Irv Gordon, world record holder for most miles 

There will be quite a few good ones.. Nissan’s RB26 Toyota’s A series Toyota’s 2JZ engines Chevrolet Small block Ford Windsor V8s Chrysler Slant 6 engines Toyota Diesel V8s. Cummins Diesels Which one is the most reliable? Well, I really can’t say. They all have amazing stories behind them. Some going hundreds, if not thousands of miles missing regular maintenance and services. Whilst the american brands will have great testimonies in the US, around the world, the Japanese engines will be taking the title with them. 2K views · View upvotes5Sponsored by DudaHow do I build professional sites that won't need a chaperone?Do you go to bed praying your client's website will still be intact in the morning? Time to move to Duda!Free TrialBill Jackson, geek, car nut and political junkieAnswered 1 year ago · Author has 5.3K answers and 2.6M answer views

There are several Probably the most known is the 250CID chevrolet straight 6, those things were virtually indestructible, were made for dozens of years and probably put in millions of cars. There’s probably a billion or so miles in total put on those engines. The engine with the most miles for a passenger car with a single owner was owned by Irv Gordon in his 1966 Volvo P1800. Irv traveled about 3.4M miles on the original engine (with two rebuilds) in his lifetime before he passed last year. Fleet Lincoln (and Ford Crown Vic) that are used as black cars and taxi cabs have a small ford V8 in them  

I don’t know about for ALL time. But in its era from the early 1960’s to the mid-late 1970’s one of the top contenders in my opinion was the “slant 6 “ used in Various Dodge and Plymouth cars and trucks. They were simple and rugged. They were not particularly powerful, and they were finicky about starting in cold weather. But once warmed up, they ran well . And had few problems. They were known to run forever. Sometimes the cars would rust around them. But the engine kept going and going. 3.7K views · View upvotes3617Alex Cherry, IT Guy, Techonologist, Motoring Enthusiast, Foodie, Localvore, Musician, and totes adorbs gay.Answered 1 year ago · Author has 3.3K answers and 6.7M answer views

I’d bet that Martin La Grange is probably correct, but my second choice would be the small block Chevrolet V8. The SBC was released in 1954 and officially produced in production vehicles until 2003. It powered, in one variation or another, pretty much every V8 car in GM’s lineup for that 49 years, from truck to Corvette.  There were dozens of variations in displacement, and several generations of the SBC, and even now, the new LS based V8s share a great many traits with the original SBC. Over 100,000,000 (yes, one hundred million!) SBCs have been produced, and even now, they are still produced f 

The Mercedes OM 352 Diesel engine. There’s previous answers which claim “great” mileages of 400.000 miles - and a Tesla electric motor, which, of course can do 600k miles; it’s not an engine. The Mercedes OM 352 will do 2 million miles easily - if you change the oil regularly. Hasn’t been built in 30 years, but if you find one, it most certainly will outlive you. There’s Russian and Iranian copies of the engine; also won’t break. It, though, has essentially horrible fuel efficiency and not even a third of the horsepowers a modern engine it’s size would have. You’ll need a 13mm wrench to take i 

The 2 stroke 4 cylinder engine of SAAB 92/93 was extremely dull, and extremely reliable. I remember reading that when those original SAAB’s where introduced in the US th interest was very small, so they introduced “lifetime warranty on engine”. Sales picked up reasonably and the warranty never cost as much as one engine (repaired) a year. Other answer mentioned the Volvo P1800. It had an engine in the B16, B18 or B20 series (same apart of cylinder volume). All those had a reputation of lasting until you recycled the car, often 1Gm (1 000 000 km). 3K views · View upvotes11Karl Mullen, Attorney (1985-present)Answered March 21, 2021 · Author has 396 answers and 57K answer views

What is the highest RPM combustion motor ever created?
I think that a more interesting question would have been “What is the highest rpm combustion engine in practical use?” And the answer would have been the incredible, World Championship winning, five cylinder Honda RC148 first ridden by Luigi Taveri in 1966. Here is Luigi in action on the bike:  The RC148 had five, tiny, 25cc cylinders and each one was very slightly different. When spare parts arrived from Japan every piston had to be meticulously filed - by eye - so that it perfectly matched its combustion chamber. Nobby Clarke, who was the only non-Japanese mechanic to work on these bikes, told m 

For combustion engines, revolutions per minute are usually limited by the stresses the internal assembly can take. And weight is a major source of stress. The smaller the engine, the lighter the internal assemblies, the higher they can rev. So while your typical large marine powerplant will typically rev at around 100 RPM, smaller engines will rev faster. The legendary V12 Merlin engine - used in everything from tanks (as the Meteor) to the famed Supermarine Spitfire - could rev to a heady 3,200 RPM, despite its size. Go smaller, and most automobile engines can do between 5,000 to 7,000 RPM. Ro 

With plenty of answers here about two-stroke, model airplane and small motorcycle engines revving past 20,000 RPM, I’m going to intervene and report on what I believe is the highest revving high-powered, four-stroke automobile engine ever produced and actually used. Let’s stick with real engines, not one-off experiments or toys—things like this: BMW Engines in Formula 1's V10 Era.  It revved up to 18,000 RPM and it did it long enough to win Formula 1 races. It had only 3.0 liters of displacement and yet it produced 925 BHP and had a HP/weight ratio of 4.6 HP per pound. Here’s a chart of various engi 

You would definitely be looking at some type of jet turbine aircraft engines RPMs range in the 10,000-100,000+ range depending on size of the engine. Some small experimental models can hit 500,000+ Gas turbine - Wikipedia If you are talking piston engines some motorcycle models have redlines in the 16,500 range. Top 10 highest-revving production bikes The newest Aston Martin/Cosworth V12 can do 11,100 rpm and makes about 1000 hp from 6.5 litres with no forced induction. Aston Martin Valkyrie - Wikipedia For anything with long term reliability do not look for maximum rpm as the most important specifi 

It will depend on what you mean by “combustion motor”, because turbines can spin at nearly unlimited speeds, constrained only by the ability of the materials involved to avoid “spinning apart” from centrifugal force. Most of the time, the actual limits on turbine speed end up being practical things like noise and safety regulations. One time a company I was working on did some experiments on the idea of creating a combustion based battery for a laptop computer which showed that we probably could get away with millions of RPM in principle (and that this is what would be needed for it to supply th 

Off the top of my head, probably the Wankel rotary engine. Old ones could reach 7000 rpm at redline. Newer ones get closer to 10,000. That's by design. Unlike conventional engines that have what's typically referred to as a powerband, rotary engines produce more power as rpms increase. Until they reach the point where the engine blows. But I haven't done extensive research on the matter. I've driven many cars and I've spoken to a few experts on the rotary engine. However, I have yet to drive one of them myself. 395 viewsCeleste Hall, former Tech at Honda (1993-2014)Answered 6 months ago · Author has 2.1K answers and 290.1K answer views

Piston engines start having sealing problems at high speeds, the inertia of the piston rings causes them to “float” and loose seal, piston ring thickness starts to be the defining factor, and the higher the speed the thinner the rings need to be, I recall an engine that never made it past the dyno that red lined at 24000 RPM that had a top compression ring 0.003″ thick, nota sure of the metallurgy on those, bust as I say it never made it past the dyno. 314 views · View upvotes1Eddie Maughan, Electrical and Electronic Engineering Director (1984-present)Answered 7 months ago · Author has 335 answers and 36.5K answer views

When I was a lad in the 60’s and nuts about motorbikes, the norm for a British bike was probably about 4,000rpm for a 4 stroke and maybe 6,000rpm for a 2-stroke. Then came the Japs! An unbelievable at the time 10,000rpm from Honda’s CB250 4-stroke, enabling them to decimate the British motorcycle industry. 309 views2Yeeter ManAnswered 8 months ago

According to traxxas my t-Maxx 2.5 nitro motor can hit a crazy 50,000 rpm. But for the highest I’d have to say some turbine engine spin at incredible speed. Don’t quote me on that though as I know little of turbine motors 370 views · View upvotes2John Nehls, studied at The University of TennesseeAnswered 6 months ago

Capstone Turbine Corp. manufactures jet engine powered electric generators that spin at 96,000 rpm and are capable of burning nearly any type of fuel from natural gas to diesel oil.  This is the 30 kW model. Other models go up to 1000 kW. 268 views · View upvotes2Jonathan Tamm, fitter and machinest,engenering officerAnswered 8 months ago · Author has 5.4K answers and 4.5M answer views

What is the fastest single engine airplane?
What’s the ugly side of being an engineer?
How tough is life after engineering if you dont get placed?
I passed out engineering in 2007. I did not get any campus placements even after scoring first class with all papers cleared in first attempt. So I moved to Bangalore in search of job by end of 2007, and joined a course for Java. I have 50 K money with me, this is the money I got as part of my mothers share. All my aim at that time was to get into a job, before I exhaust this 50K rupes. I paid 10 K to java institute and spent 2 months there. The training was so poor and contrary to what they promised, no companies came for campus recruitment. Every month I need to pay 2500 rupees rent in PG, and 

I choose to answer this question because i believe to have the required testimony. I am employed for last three years after relishing through one year of unemployment beyond graduation. Incidentally i will complete my three years of employment in few hours. May be that has acted as gasoline to write this answer. Nevertheless, Having gone through this wonderful and amazing journey wherein every minute has made me more mature and calmer i can assure you life is never going to be easy. Probably due to this sometimes i feel asking myself “Prateek, have you really turned yourself into philosophica 

I think I am somewhat capable to share my views regarding this question. I passed my college in July 2012. And got a job in 2014. That's a hell lot of time to stay at home only the unemployed knows. The time I joined the college the placements were very good. Everyone was getting placed and in just matter of the next 2 years due to the recession, placements looked like a distant vision. But I had some jacks(at least what I was thinking till then) but they back off at the right time when I needed them. So the first lesson I learned here is don't trust people blindly. They will show u the true colo 

It is one of the bad experience I never had. Some how with lot of struggle I competed my enginnering. After that what to do? Where to search for job? Which type of job I shud join? What kind of job I will get for my skills? These are lot of questions normally running in life. When my faculty told to study I neglected. But after completing engineering I struggled a lot to get job. I uploaded my resume in so may job portals. Whenever I check my mails, normaly I Was be getting calls from some customer support kind of job. Just to improve my communications skills, daily I used to attend 2 to 3 interv 

It's not comforting but it will teach you Survival upfront instead of some Lame 3 lac per annum desk job. I was not campus placed but I was earning about 2 times of anyone from my college within 3 years. I was not allowed to participate during campus hirings as I had couple of supplementaries left and the college had strict all clear rule to engage in campus hirings. It was 2008 with BPO at boom and walk-in hirings being conducted by various MNCs. I gave 21 interviews within a week after completing Final Sem Exams and failed in all of them. My communication skills were not up to the mark to be hir 

Hey, I will share my Story without hesitating here and It may help you. When I 've graduated from the VNIT-NAGPUR, I couldn’t be placed due to less CGPA and I’ve not eligible for many companies in during my Engineering time and then being a Metallurgical Engineering background we don’t have that many opportunities to like A CSE/ECE/EEE engineering gets the offer from immense companies either core or IT Sector. After that, I was so desperate on looking for the job why because being a NITins if I couldn’t do anything then society or family neighbor perhaps start the thinking on I have some defaults 

It is tough, it is very tough Yes it is tougher when you got placed in your college and you are relaxing at your home waiting for joining letter then you come to know that company was fake and you have no job now. Here comes my story: I have done B.tech and got placed in a fake company in college in final semester . Two months after college I was waiting for joining letter and called my TPO to check when company is going to send joining letter , he indirectly said not to wait for joining. Now I had two option, first stay and home and prepare for Govt jobs in which I was not interested at all (I a 

Okay !Being Unemployed is other thing, but being an Unemployed Engineer is a Sin in Indian Society.Let's start from where it started.I could not find a good college after 12th so I took admission in 3rd class college in Gwalior.(1st mistake) and took ECE(2nd and bigger mistake). So I went to the college with many dreams and when I saw my faculty teaching with the help of notes and everyone worrying about everything except studies , I too started following them .I passed my whole engineering doing three things Drinking , sleeping and stalking a girl online ,thinking about her which eventually le 

After college the only problem that I thought I had is not getting placed. I never stopped searching for a job. I registered online but didn't get a call. Frustrated I was I went directly to every company to give my CV. The securities they themselves will tell that there is no use in giving your CV here save it for a better company. And some would say no only diploma candidates allowed. I couldn't eat normally, I could't face people easily. To me I wasn't successful. Everywhere I go I couldn't clear interviews. I mean it wasn't tough, they already had other option. I would've rectified the mistak 

Hello Everyone, After my Intermediate I have joined in a local college in ECE which was popular at that time(2014) for placements in TCS, Capgemini, Infosys in bulk. But, when our batch came to final year, the placements got diminished. I was devastated. Because, by that time I have already attended the short-term gate coaching and didn’t get qualified which costed my father around 60k INR and my only hope was campus placement. During my final year the companies visited my college were BPOs (package : 12k to 15k), TCS , which took 4 members from CSE, Mindtree, for which I have cleared round1 and 

Which career is more beneficial and less stressful, law or engineering?
In my career I’ve been both. I left engineering to go to law school and now I’m practicing patent law, which is vastly different from other kinds of law. My engineering career was satisfying in the way that I produced useful things for people. My specialty was electronic chemicals, they are used in the production of computer chips. People respected me when I said that I was an engineer. The drawbacks were aplenty: in the chemical industry, exposure to harmful chemicals is unavoidable, long work hours in vary dangerous conditions, possibility of heat stroke every summer, technicians who ignore t 

I am an engineer and I design mechatronics systems. And my girlfriend is a lawyer. She works at a top tier law firm, and she specializes in corporate law. We are both young professionals, we live in Istanbul, Turkey. During dinner, I occasionally mention some difficulty in my design or something. I bring up some startup ideas. I talk about progress of my projects. However, she never mentions her work, except to say how unhappy she is at work. She thinks most of the lawyers in her law firm are pretentious. Everyone is playing some kind of power game. Of course, as an engineer I encounter assholes 

I’m an attorney. A lot of attorneys are crazy. The law teaches you how to think about arcane concepts and apply them very specifically to discrete facts, it does not teach you how to be a normal person. I did not attend a T14, I attended a T1 law school and you would not be shocked by the things people did to “succeed.” Sabotaging classmates, cheating on exams—up to and including the bar exam, and just being miserable people. I rejected that early. I became an attorney to provide help to others (and took a job that allows me to develop my legal skills without providing much help, sadly, but tha 

I really like the answer of Lee Felsenstein. But please let me add my own two cents: I consider engineering and law to be more or less equally stressful. Both professions rotate a lot around artificial deadlines. It’s not as if the world will stop turning if you need an extension. In both professions, the stakes can be high. I mean, costing a client several million dollars due to a mistake can be quite stressful, but I would also consider stressful being responsible for the death of innocent people because your calculations on that bridge were off. But it’s the benefits that make the difference. 

Engineering…, of which is required to be valid in social structure outside of business where governments seem to be invalid for the most part still evolving and creating themselve from the lies, deceit and distortions of the truth of their pan troglodyte pro death and dishonesty closest ancestors. Engineers have at least evolved and created six and lean sigma systems with valid sites that are planned with valid hardware that is qualified, software systems that are validated, operations processes and qualify processes with documentation control and validation and training and information managem 

The Dean of Engineering gave the introductory lecture to all freshmen using the Tacomah Narrows Bridge as a metaphor. He emphasized that if you do your job as an engineer, the bridge stands. If the bridge falls, you can’t argue that you did everything correctly, and people die. Lawyers argue for a living, which is fundamentally different. Lawyers also make laws which supposedly impose uniform restrictions, but they always include quirks and exceptions, probably by intention in many cases. The most rational set of rules I know is the National Electrical Code, which is authored by firemen and ele 

Over the course of more than 30 years I have employed both. Engineers: An engineering career is far more beneficial for a number of reasons. Engineers are involved in building things. Engineers’ training teaches them to be risk averse (a good thing when you are a passenger in a plane, in a car crossing a bridge, etc.). Engineers obey the laws (of science, physics, etc.) to create things that are useful. When engineers make a mistake, they study the results and try to do it better next time. I could go on but I think you get my point. Engineering can be stressful (completion deadlines, difficul 

Probably depends entirely upon the kind of work that you do and the nature of firm that you work for, like any other career- there are high and low stress options in both fields. For me a lot of the stress would depend on what is at stake based on the quality of your work, and whether the entity that you work for is supportive of your efforts or overly competitive. If you are defending persons accused of capital crimes, obviously the stakes are a person’s life, and unfortunately many public defenders that are the only option for poor people are given so many cases that they can’t do a quality  

Engineering all the way. I have a number of engineer friends, and they rarely work more than 40 hours a week. Every lawyer I know works at the very minimum 50–55 hours, but more often, they work 60+ hours a week. Plus, I’ve been super jealous of the workplace my engineer friends have. There’s plenty of politically incorrect joking and a general casual atmosphere. Whereas most lawyers wear a suit every day and have the most banal conversations. At the last lawyer networking event I went to the most interesting conversation I had was about a Chesterfield sofa. (Apparently they’re more comfortabl 

Any career can be stressful or beneficial, but ultimately engineers contribute to the advance of human society whereas lawyers by definition simply enforce what humanity has already achieved and wants to preserve. One career looks forward, one looks backward. We can also look at our own country and its record breaking achievements. The US has become the greatest country in the entire history of the planet for promoting engineering and scientific advances. (+ 1 for engineers). The US also incarcerates more of its citizens than any other country on the entire planet. (-1 for lawyers although, to  

As an engineer, what scenario do you dread?
How can I stop being an average engineer?
What are the various career options after engineering?
 Well, there are many many options for an engineer after BE/B Tech. An engineer to be placed in a good company should have the basic ideas in some of the subjects (with some practical exposure). That apart, you can even choose a handful of them to master the concept. Plenty of job opportunities are surely available. Please do not directly think of joining good companies. With some experience in small or medium industries, things are going to be better. Do not worry much about your 'initial' salary. Let it be any kind of job, put in continuous and undaunted efforts. And treat that as a 'training p 

First question - why did you choose engineering? Was it because of parental pressure, peer pressure, job assurance, or something else? My guess is it's because you did not know what to do. We are wired to choose the most obvious path if we have limited options available since there's a safety net. Options - Make sure you follow these life hacks to stay grounded (Aqueel Ur Rahman's answer to What should you be doing when you're going to be 22? What do most people do when they are 22, or 21-25? What did 'successful people' do when they were 21-25?) Life is too short to spend worrying. Life is too 

My advice for every b.tech aspirant(or otherwise) out there will be to study as hard as possible during your 4 years of college and try to engage in extra-curricular activities too. Whether you are forced by your parents or you really are an engineering maniac, try to study hard whatever is put in front of you. Learn it,understand it and then hate it finally if you want. For example, I can never tell you biriyani is my favourite food if I have not tried it. Similarly, if you want to know your real passion, study your subjects. Know them. Your B.tech degree will never make you an engineer. Of course 

If you are from India, you can check this out..I don't know much about opportunities abroad. If you are technically strong and wish to contribute something to the subject, go for M.S in U.S or M.Tech in India. You can then go for research. If you wish to set up a business or join an MNC or find a job and interested in pure management kind of stuff, go for MBA in India. (Attempt CAT) If you like both, go for techno-management courses like Project Management / Industrial Management etc. You get a white collar job with a decent pay after completion of these programmes. Some colleges are listed below w 

 Top options for you after B.Tech Campus Placement: If you are not interested in pursuing further studies or higher studies, this is the best option. Most good engineering institutes have campus placements. Apply for the placement offers available in the campus and prepare well for them.Try to get jobs that you are interested in keeping in the field of engineering and later you want to make your mark. Campus placements for engineering students are increasing every year.Plan your further studies for specializations like M.Tech:After completing B.Tech, you can choose to pursue your further studie 

Hi Guys., Before outrightly telling you guys about what all options are available, I would like to make you guys understand that just because your friend, girlfriend, boyfriend, or any relative recommends a particular career option don't go for it as your professional journey will define the rest of your life and you can't keep on blaming them once you have made a choice. You need to do through research and have in depth understanding about a particular career option and what lies ahead. I would like to help you guys solve this condrum. So considering I have completed by Mechanical Engineering I 

Best Career Options After Engineering 1) Higher Studies One of the most popular career options after engineering is to pursue further studies. If you’re a B.Tech student, then you can prepare for the GATE exam. GATE (Graduate Aptitude Test in Engineering) is an exam that tests the comprehensive understanding of undergraduate engineering subjects. With an excellent GATE score, you can enter prestigious engineering colleges (IITs and NITs) for M.Tech. You’d get to expand your knowledge and become a more-qualified engineer. If you aren’t interested in the GATE exam, you can also prepare for JAM. You  

Engineering , itself is career option. You haven't specified exactly what you want? I will try to explain as much possible. 1. You can search for job as an engineer in your field. 2. For value addition, you can do course related to engineering which can help you to grow in an organization. 3. Apart from job, you can go for masters. After engineering, you can chose to go for MS (Outside India) , ME, M.Tech or MBA. 4. For MS,you need to give GRE entrance. Most of the students prefer US for doing MS. But it is important to get good score in GRE to get reputed Institute. With GRE score , one need stron 

There are lots and lots of options to choose after completing education, but making the right decision is something very essential. Most of the people get confused at the end of their education. One of the most confused state of choosing a right option is after their engineering. So, enlisted few choices here for the people who are thinking about a career after engineering. Enroll yourself in career resource center: After completing engineering studies, a person might think about his / her future. And to have a secured future, a person need to make a right decision of choosing a perfect career  

Bachelors of Technology (BTech) degree runs in an abundance in the society today. Many people, therefore, look for career options after the completion of their BTech degree. 1. Job- Majority of the engineering graduates go for jobs after graduation and they all get jobs through campus placements. This seems to be the most common choice of the students after completing their BTech as it provides students with experience and exposure to a workplace environment. There is plenty to learn from the senior officers in the workplace and it can be a great opportunity to grow. This is best suited for a p 

How can one become a good machine learning engineer?
Just Start - Make an effort to understand the rudimentary concepts of Machine Learning and the very origin of it. If you want to out-master the tech, you need to go deep down to the roots, before penetrating into stem &amp; branches. So, just start. There are allot of open source and online MOOC courses helping people to find a basic understanding for the same. Now, MOOCs are not a strong way to believe that, you'll learn ML, but they are pretty darn good for inception.  Before learning 'what', ask 'why'?- Now, I'm pretty sure you aren't just learning ML concepts, because it's a buzzing word in techn 

Here are some things that I've found useful: Work with people who both know more than you and are good at explaining things I've learned sooo much from my co-workers over the years about how to be a good machine learning engineer. The great thing about this approach is that, if you are a decent software engineer who wants to get into ML, there are usually open positions on data science teams where you can be incredibly useful without knowing any ML. Get yourself into one of those positions and then absorb everything you can from the rest of the team. Be a scientist It's important to think of what  

There are various resources available to achieve this, but many people don't usually look at this whole subject from the point of view of solving a problem. This is like saying - what is the way to become a good mathematician, but then doing nothing with it. That is not helpful to the world :)  Here is my inspiration on this whole subject.  Identify a problem that you want to solve with machine learning. Then look for a model which would be most applicable. Look for the easiest to hardest ways of getting input data. Look for a method to create an outcome say for a computer, or a human. Use that 

The other answers do a great job covering the technical aspects of this question, such as the fundamentals you need to learn, the courses you should take, the papers you should read etc. I'm going to cover this question from another angle and talk about the traits you need to have or be able to cultivate in order to be a good machine learning engineer.  Here is a list of must-have traits, in no particular order: You need to enjoy an iterative process of development. If you want to build a machine learning system, you need to be able to build a version 0.1 using a very simple model quickly. Then 

AI,ML,deep learning &amp; neural networks stuffs..some of the hottest buzzwords among the folks(including me)..  It highly relies on the position you are in now like if u r a cs graduate then wanna have sharp edge over Machine learning then I advice you to persue PG course on data science which deals with Machine learning till advance level.because in graduate level in CS you will not have that much part related to ML that deep. If you are not CS graduate &amp; wanna dive in this field then you even can start from scratch.the resources I will mention at the end of my answer. Many folks have been always ba 

So, you want to start your journey in the field of machine learning, that’s good to hear. Now, when you came across the term “machine learning”, you would have wondered what exactly it is. So, simply put, machine learning is that field of artificial intelligence where we teach machines how to learn with the help of input data. You can go through this video, to understand machine learning concepts and the sub-categories of machine learning:  Now, let’s understand machine learning with this little example over here:    How do you know all of those are fish? As a kid, you 

You have been taking the right courses. Have you done any capstone projects in any of these classes? There is a difference between learning theoretically and solving real world problems so you should take steps to give you experience in the latter. Its not just for your resume, but working on real customer use cases and the scale of data will shape your knowledge to get you ready for the real world. These are three steps you can take towards that - Apply your knowledge to recreate a published ML research work. For example typically you see examples of understanding housing prices or something lik

My answer is based on Andrew Ng’s recent advice given during his visionary talk at the bay area deep learning school 2016. You can watch the video at YouTube. My answer is also specific to ML applied to image and video understanding. Broadly, there are three main components of becoming an effective machine learning (ML) engineer: a) Reading and understanding papers (and its main references): At work, you will be expected to implement recent state-of-the art approaches or use a library which has the recent approach. Its important that you understand the details and limitations of approach in orde 

The succinct answer is that you have to walk, talk, and think like a machine.   Of course, you are looking for a step-by-step analytical approach to become the "go to" guy...and that explanation isn't going to happen here (maybe). Very briefly, I can tell you what you will need to have or not have to gain a better position. Just like a fashion model, you'll need to have the basic ingredients that models (ideals) have, only for the brain.  Models "look the part" and so you must think the part. Your mind must have a high level of thought processing abilities. I could tell you that you need to read,  

There is increasing interest in artificial intelligence and machine learning. The scope of careers in these fields is immense. Machine learning provides a system with the ability to learn from the tasks they have performed. But how does one go about becoming a machine learning engineer? Learn Statistics – The role of statistics is the foundation of much of machine learning. This is because the ML algorithms are created with probability-based datasets. Drawing inference from observed data is at the core of this topic. Linear Algebra – Most of the algorithms heavily use matrices and vector from alg 

Which skill development courses are useful after a degree in mechanical engineering?
How do I make a comeback, after getting 5 backlogs in engineering in the first year?
This question got me out of bed where I was browsing Quora on my phone and now I am on to the laptop to type this answer.  I have been there, felt like my life was over and I know you are going through the same. Let me tell you my story.  School:  I was always a mediocre student scoring 70s and 80s. I was quite active in sports and a bit of cultural stuff like stage drama etc. I was quite famous and would always be accompanied by a friend at any time of the day.  Class 10, meant serious business. Parents and teachers were at their best advising me and pepping me on. Sports and other extra curricul 

Honestly it's not the backlogs themselves that are painful, it's the stigma, insult, ridicule that I face that I had to overcome. This answer isn't so much about the backlogs themselves but rather how to deal with all the related bullshit that comes as a result  of it. And you'd be shocked at the areas of my life the backlogs had an effect on. Best way to describe it is a domino effect. Right through school I faced ridicule for my performance from my parents. Not that I was a bad student but my dad was never happy with anything I ever did. To make it short, I have severe daddy issues.  More often 

"Life is what happens to you while you are busy making other plans" This quote wont hit you right now but i bet it will once you read out the whole post. I come from a middle class family , where people are always concerned about - what have you studied and how much do you earn. I was always bit inclined towards the start-up space . I wanted to build a marketplace and yes i was struggling with it . This all started in the second year of my college . I was an average students who was just doing fairly well in all the subjects and the idea of a creating a marketplace of providing an Online Course  

Dear Friend, Do not worry. I faced similar problems in my engineering days. I had been an above average student throughout school, scoring 92% in my ICSE Board examinations. I had taken an aptitude test which clearly showed that I did not have potential in Mechanical Engineering, but more so towards Mathematics and English. However due to a lack of focus and peer pressure I chose to pursue Mechanical Engineering. I was pursuing my Bachelor of Engineering degree in Mechanical Engineering from Manipal Institute of Technology from 2009 to 2014. I had multiple backlogs in my first year and second ye 

Hello readers! I was a bright student until 10th standard . I got 98% on State Board Examination . Then after, I slowly lost interest towards studying . I didn’t study well on 12th , but somehow managed to get 92% and secured admission in one of the good South Indian university. After joining college , I almost stopped studying . I was distracted a lot . Social media and Android phone was one of the main reason . But couldn’t avoid it as most of my professors send documents through whatsapp… I was worrying about the results of first semester , but got all clear due to some good staffs who gave de 

 Past is past, do not be panic - Failure can be taken as an experience to take up the new task. You need to improve a lot with regards to your concentration. And you will have to bank upon well planned hard work. The following steps will be of some use, in becoming a successful student: [1] Train the brain - You must start liking all the subjects , which induces curiosity in you to proceed further. [2] The art of notes making,while studying, is very important: i) When you read once you may not get the hold. Second time, and onward, things become more clear (exactly similar to ‘primary coating and s 

I can answer this because one of my best friends was in the same situation or you can say even worse.So, I graduated from Army college, Pune and we were a gang of 10 friends.  There is one friend of mine in that circle who did n't pay much attention to her studies and took it really lightly. You can imagine how lightly she took it from the fact that  she got 4 backlogs in second sem which followed ot 2 more backlogs in 3 rd sem  , so at the end of 4th sem she had 10 exams to be given excluding the practicals. You can easily imagine yourself in her shoes. She is one funny, chirpy girl and whe 

My story during Engg days was similar, if not worse. First a bit of my background. I was born in an upper middle class family. My Parents are well educated and were super achievers during their academic life and made decent amount of money and reputation from their careers, infact my dad is a doctor. In school I was the topper, always getting 100% in Mathematics and extremely good in Science subjects. After my 12th grade in school, I opted for Engineering. I got into Electronics &amp; Instrumentation in a good Engineering College in Kerala (This was in the late 90s, getting admission to Electronics 

You were very good in studying and learning before choosing engineering. You got 92% in 12th and you were school topper in 10th. The thing you need to understand is that when we're at school level, we're reading the subjects which are the basics which we need to learn to make our career in a particular field later. The main common subjects we study and learn in the school (till 10th) are English, Science, Maths, Social Studies and any other language. For most of the students, once they've passed 5th class, their interest for studying these subjects increases, as this is new and amazing for them 

This is story of person whom i know personally.. One of my friends brother rohit. He is smart, intelligent but average student when it come to study. This happened when he was in engineering. As an average student he got admission in private college through state allotment process. He was not happy with what he got. He was constantly try to convenes his parents to allow him to study in another state. But his parents were not ready. As a result he took admission in college allotted by state process. But he was not at all happy. He always come up with reason to leave that college. And drop that yea 

What are some things that aeronautical engineers know and others don't?
What are some of the cleverest inventions and ideas ever? Where can you purchase them, if possible?
Unique inventions &amp; ideas are the heart &amp; soul of any great inventor. But only those that provide an economical &amp; effective solution to real-world problems earn the right to be deemed truly clever. For as long as I can remember I’ve observed human behavior with an ever-vigilant eye toward creating innovative solutions to problems people didn’t even know they had! And now, for the first time ever - exclusively for my beloved Quora fans - I’m going public! Read on. And see if you don’t agree with the sheer simplicity &amp; utter brilliance of these timely concepts. Affordable, eco-friendly housing has lo 

19 Clever Inventions That Makes Life Easier.. EGG HOLDER Really cute egg holder. Just don't forget yourself and take one of these spoons.  CUP &amp; COOKIES Smart cup in which you can put 2-3 of your favourite cookies. You don't need extra plates. It's made for right handed and left handed.    ANIMAL CORN HOLDER Like corn? But it's eatable only when it's hot. Get a little help holding on to your corn with these cute Animal Corn Holders. Choose from Pig, Dog, and Cow.       BANANA GUARD - Protect Your Banana! Are you fed up with bringing bananas to work or school only to find them bruised and squashed 

I am not sure whether this invention is mentioned or not,I haven't been through all the answers. GRAVITY LIGHT: The Lamp Powered By Sand &amp; Gravity. Two London designers have developed and designed a gravity-powered lamp for as little as £3, bringing light to remote regions in developing countries.GravityLight has been developed to provide clean, reliable and safe light, enabling people to break free from the economic, health and environmental hazards of kerosene lamps.    So How Does It Work ? Developed by Martin Riddiford and Jim Reeves over the last four years, The gravity light consists of an LED 

I don’t know whether people will consider these product cleverest or not. This is not the latest product, but still I must say this is the cleverest innovation ever. I shared this on the basis of solving daily problem of sharing earphone.Headphone jack splitter : 2 in 1 Headphone Jack.  5 in 1 Headphone Jack: connect up to 6 earphone with a single jack.  That’s it, now, you don’t have to share your most beloved earphones with your partner. Dolfi: Next Generation Washing DeviceRemember those great delicate pieces of fashion hopelessly ruined by machine wash? Dolfi is the next generation cleaning tech 

Some innovative ideas : The whole pack kitchenette  2. Cubicle bed  3. The wall decor idea  4. The awesome design passage  5.shift your bed upwards  6. The cute passageway  7. The secret playroom  8. Empty the book to make a cool cover for your modem  9. Replace stairs with slide  10. The Relaxing hot bath tub  11. Walk through the virtual indoor creek under your floor.      Here comes some inventions . Sony Xperia Touch Projector Turns Any Surface Into A Functional Tablet 2. Uarm Swift Pro : you can program this robot arm to serve as a handy and versatile assistant.  3.Tesla’s normal looking roofing tiles cleverly hide sol 

1.EGG HOLDER Realy cute egg holder. Just don't forget yourself and take one of these spoons.  2.CUP &amp; COOKIES Smart cup in which you can put 2-3 of your favourite cookies. You don't need extra plates. It's made for right handed and left handed.  3.ANIMAL CORN HOLDER Like corn? But it's eatable only when it's hot. Get a little help holding on to your corn with these cute Animal Corn Holders. Choose from Pig, Dog, and Cow.   4.BANANA GUARD - Protect Your Banana! Are you fed up with bringing bananas to work or school only to find them bruised and squashed? Banana Guard allows you to safely transport and 

InfiniteUSB Having your mobile phones or tablets stay connected to your laptop. It’s time to bring elegance back to your desk .  InfiniteUSB is an open chain of USB ports, granting an unlimited supply of open slots!Whenever a new InfiniteUSB is plugged in, a new USB port will be created. Instead of forcing you to constantly hot swap devices into that one port, InfiniteUSB keeps all your cables connected, with only one port from your laptop.     Endless Computers TV + Mobile Processor = Computer       Planty: The Smart Way to Connect with Nature No more dead plants. Planty is an Internet-connected plante 

25 Truly and Cleverest Useful Inventions That You Never Knew You Needed They say that necessity is the mother of invention, and while that might not be the case for every invention out there, most of these cool inventions definitely qualify as useful. Who knows? One of these 25 awesome inventions we found just might be the best thing since sliced bread. The cool thing about a lot of these inventions is that they combine all sorts of simple products we know and use every day into new convenient combinations. Ironing Board Mirror  Image credits: aissalogerot.com The Rolling Bench That You Can Use Afte 

I am not sure whether these things have been covered or not, I didn't go through all the answers. I found this in an article. Source:  27 Clever Inventions To Make Your Life A Lot Easier 1 | USB Sticks To Go.   2 | A highlighter that lets you see where you’re highlighting.   3 | Hold your books in style.  4 | Lock and unlock your doors using your smartphone.   5 | Water bottle to watering can.   6 | Portable roof rack road shower. Great for camping.  7 | Never forget your todo list again.  8 | Water bottle for storing all your valuables. Great for the gym.   9 | Onesie that monitors all your baby’s vita 

Solving the problem of pain in a Phantom limb. God forbid this should ever happen but imagine you have lost a limb (army vet, surgical complication etc..). There is something that happens then that most of us do not know of: it seems the brain rejects the idea of the limb being lost and feels pain in that area and muscle cramps. The pain is very real and can be very hard to bear. Usually when you have pain in your limbs, you can get a couple of scans, the doctor can feel what is going on and diagnose you accordingly and treat you. How can you be treated when the limb does not exist? We hear eve 

What are some of the important essential software a mechanical engineering student should have some knowledge of?
I am in Mechanical design field for over 7 years and I hope that I can give some good picture of software requirements in industries. There are different groups in design engineering department itself Detail drawing group:Job nature of this group is developing 3D modeling and 2D drawings for manufacturing. Nowadays rarely any company is using 2D drafting in isolation. Because all the 3D modeling software supports 2D drafting also and the advantage is both the 3D model and 2D drawing is synchronised. Any change in 3D model will automatically update the 2D drawing also. So learing AutoCAD helps ve 

There are many software packages used by mechanical engineers, but there are a few that are used consistently throughout industry. The level of proficiency that is required with specific software packages is dependent on your role as an engineer. However, every mechanical engineer should have at least a basic familiarity with most of the software on this list. Mathcad Mathcad is possibly the one piece of software that is useful to every mechanical engineer, regardless of job function. Mathcad gives you the ability to do math within a document, as well as to add relevant images and text to explai 

Mechanical Engineering is vast field. In current era software has become an integral part of mechanical engineering. There are lots of software according to application person can use. Some of the software which are a must for a mechanical Engineering are: Designing softwareAnalysis softwareCoding1. Designing software : Designing software is essential for one who makes his/her career in designing field. list of designing softwareAutocad - Drafting and two dimentional drawningPro-E/Creo - Advance solid modelling and 3d designingSolidworks - Advance solid modelling and 3d designingAlibre- Advance 

I am going to mention 10 important software that will be needed in different situation faced by a Mechanical Engineer in his academic and professional life. 01. Microsoft Excel You can perform different mathematical and graphical operation regarding engineering topics. The hardest part is to learn the commands. Practice and problem solving tendency can help you to grow up.  02. MathCad This one is less popular compared to other calculating software. This one is very easy to learn and can be used for solving different engineering problems in a numerical approach. Theoretical knowledge is a prerequis 

I’ve been working as a mechanical engineer for a few years. I would say some of the most important software I have been using so far are CAD software and MS Excel. CAD skill is essential to mechanical engineers. My role is design engineer, and I do CAD work very frequently. Design engineer, regardless of the industry, is one of the most common roles for mechanical engineers.  Using CAD software, I design various parts and create technical drawings. The company I work for actually employs CAD designers (drafters), but there are not enough CAD designers to work on all different engineering projects 

Well, there are a lot. Basically, it depends on what kind of job you wanna end up doing. Given the vast possibilities provided by a career path as diverse as Mechanical Engineering, you'll have to learn almost every kind of software.  I will narrow it down for you according to my observations. Design:For a design engineer, a CAD software is MUST. The most widely used software for this is AutoCAD. Most companies use this. However, the functionality is limited, so complex designs become a pain in the ass. Also, 3D designing isn't that good. For 3D modelling and complex design, there are packages l 

There are many software that you can learn as a Mechanical engineer. There is a high industrial demand for graduates having these added specialization with them. Some of most basic and important software that you can learn are as follows -  Computer Aided Design  Computer-aided design (CAD) Software is the use of computer systems to create, modify , analyze and optimize a mechanical design. CAD software is used to increase the productivity of the designer, improve the quality of design, improve communications through documentation, and to create a database for manufacturing. Computer-aided desig 

If you are asking about software you need to master prior to starting the course, none. Proficiency with general computer features will prove handy as the teachers are increasingly dependent on internet to distribute assignments etc.  As you go along the course, you will have to learn languages like C, C++, JAVA etc Be sure to master the coding skills. You will be amazed to see how useful they are to a mechanical engineer when you move ahead and join industry.  Be sure to learn MATLAB, if possible starting from this moment. It is the most versatile mathematics software available to a mechanical  

I will give of several software you can learn whichever you get access to all are helpful in some or the other way : ASPEN (Advanced Software for Process Engineering) : Like the bible for chemical modelling. However require a lot of detailed parameters which need to be assumed correctly. More than enough data is already present for known systems but for new systems and new designs all parameters are to be found by experimentation.Chem-cad : Simple yet effective for basic system modelling like distillation columns, Heat exchangers etc. Again data generation is through process calculations and ex

Here's a list of software generally used by Mechanical Engineers. General: MATLAB, LaTEX, R (programming language)Irrespective of your field, this stuff is useful and is generally expected from Mechanical Engineers. As a matter of fact, the last two are recommended to any engineer/professional as they come in handy while making presentations and statistical models.  Design: CATIA, SolidWorks, Pro-EEvery Mechanical Engineer is expected to have a good grip on designing. They use it heavily in most of the fields like Automobile Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Tool Design, etc. Also with the  

What are some of the cleverest inventions and ideas ever? Where can you purchase them, if possible?
Unique inventions &amp; ideas are the heart &amp; soul of any great inventor. But only those that provide an economical &amp; effective solution to real-world problems earn the right to be deemed truly clever. For as long as I can remember I’ve observed human behavior with an ever-vigilant eye toward creating innovative solutions to problems people didn’t even know they had! And now, for the first time ever - exclusively for my beloved Quora fans - I’m going public! Read on. And see if you don’t agree with the sheer simplicity &amp; utter brilliance of these timely concepts. Affordable, eco-friendly housing has lo 

19 Clever Inventions That Makes Life Easier.. EGG HOLDER Really cute egg holder. Just don't forget yourself and take one of these spoons.  CUP &amp; COOKIES Smart cup in which you can put 2-3 of your favourite cookies. You don't need extra plates. It's made for right handed and left handed.    ANIMAL CORN HOLDER Like corn? But it's eatable only when it's hot. Get a little help holding on to your corn with these cute Animal Corn Holders. Choose from Pig, Dog, and Cow.       BANANA GUARD - Protect Your Banana! Are you fed up with bringing bananas to work or school only to find them bruised and squashed 

I am not sure whether this invention is mentioned or not,I haven't been through all the answers. GRAVITY LIGHT: The Lamp Powered By Sand &amp; Gravity. Two London designers have developed and designed a gravity-powered lamp for as little as £3, bringing light to remote regions in developing countries.GravityLight has been developed to provide clean, reliable and safe light, enabling people to break free from the economic, health and environmental hazards of kerosene lamps.    So How Does It Work ? Developed by Martin Riddiford and Jim Reeves over the last four years, The gravity light consists of an LED 

I don’t know whether people will consider these product cleverest or not. This is not the latest product, but still I must say this is the cleverest innovation ever. I shared this on the basis of solving daily problem of sharing earphone.Headphone jack splitter : 2 in 1 Headphone Jack.  5 in 1 Headphone Jack: connect up to 6 earphone with a single jack.  That’s it, now, you don’t have to share your most beloved earphones with your partner. Dolfi: Next Generation Washing DeviceRemember those great delicate pieces of fashion hopelessly ruined by machine wash? Dolfi is the next generation cleaning tech 

Some innovative ideas : The whole pack kitchenette  2. Cubicle bed  3. The wall decor idea  4. The awesome design passage  5.shift your bed upwards  6. The cute passageway  7. The secret playroom  8. Empty the book to make a cool cover for your modem  9. Replace stairs with slide  10. The Relaxing hot bath tub  11. Walk through the virtual indoor creek under your floor.      Here comes some inventions . Sony Xperia Touch Projector Turns Any Surface Into A Functional Tablet 2. Uarm Swift Pro : you can program this robot arm to serve as a handy and versatile assistant.  3.Tesla’s normal looking roofing tiles cleverly hide sol 

1.EGG HOLDER Realy cute egg holder. Just don't forget yourself and take one of these spoons.  2.CUP &amp; COOKIES Smart cup in which you can put 2-3 of your favourite cookies. You don't need extra plates. It's made for right handed and left handed.  3.ANIMAL CORN HOLDER Like corn? But it's eatable only when it's hot. Get a little help holding on to your corn with these cute Animal Corn Holders. Choose from Pig, Dog, and Cow.   4.BANANA GUARD - Protect Your Banana! Are you fed up with bringing bananas to work or school only to find them bruised and squashed? Banana Guard allows you to safely transport and 

InfiniteUSB Having your mobile phones or tablets stay connected to your laptop. It’s time to bring elegance back to your desk .  InfiniteUSB is an open chain of USB ports, granting an unlimited supply of open slots!Whenever a new InfiniteUSB is plugged in, a new USB port will be created. Instead of forcing you to constantly hot swap devices into that one port, InfiniteUSB keeps all your cables connected, with only one port from your laptop.     Endless Computers TV + Mobile Processor = Computer       Planty: The Smart Way to Connect with Nature No more dead plants. Planty is an Internet-connected plante 

25 Truly and Cleverest Useful Inventions That You Never Knew You Needed They say that necessity is the mother of invention, and while that might not be the case for every invention out there, most of these cool inventions definitely qualify as useful. Who knows? One of these 25 awesome inventions we found just might be the best thing since sliced bread. The cool thing about a lot of these inventions is that they combine all sorts of simple products we know and use every day into new convenient combinations. Ironing Board Mirror  Image credits: aissalogerot.com The Rolling Bench That You Can Use Afte 

I am not sure whether these things have been covered or not, I didn't go through all the answers. I found this in an article. Source:  27 Clever Inventions To Make Your Life A Lot Easier 1 | USB Sticks To Go.   2 | A highlighter that lets you see where you’re highlighting.   3 | Hold your books in style.  4 | Lock and unlock your doors using your smartphone.   5 | Water bottle to watering can.   6 | Portable roof rack road shower. Great for camping.  7 | Never forget your todo list again.  8 | Water bottle for storing all your valuables. Great for the gym.   9 | Onesie that monitors all your baby’s vita 

Solving the problem of pain in a Phantom limb. God forbid this should ever happen but imagine you have lost a limb (army vet, surgical complication etc..). There is something that happens then that most of us do not know of: it seems the brain rejects the idea of the limb being lost and feels pain in that area and muscle cramps. The pain is very real and can be very hard to bear. Usually when you have pain in your limbs, you can get a couple of scans, the doctor can feel what is going on and diagnose you accordingly and treat you. How can you be treated when the limb does not exist? We hear eve 

What are some of the best interview questions asked for a mechanical engineering student?
Is mechanical engineering a dead field today?
Yes ! Mechanical engineering is dead end. If you think this is an electronic appliance. (Thermal Engineering) 2. If you think this is an electrical appliance. (Design Engineering, Mechanics)  3. If you think this is made by a carpenter. (Industrial engineering, Ergonomics)  4. If you think this is going to be obsolete over digital development. (Mechanics, Material Science)  5. If you think digital devices will replace it. (Hydraulics)  6. If you think there is nothing mechanical in it. (Design Engineering)  7. If you think these container is not environmental friendly.(Production engineering, Industrial e 

Well, let's see: According to CareerOneStop, the number of annual openings in the USA for mechanical engineers will be about 10,250. This is #2 for all engineering disciplines just behind (but essentially identical to) the 10,670 anticipated openings for the #1 engineering discipline, civil engineering. For a point of reference, electrical engineering is expected to have only 4,110 (or about 2.5 times fewer) openings. Software developers / programmers are expected to only have about 10,790 openings (virtually the same as with ME and CivE). However, for software developers, that roughly 11,000 op 

Before I answer your question, let me explain what Mechanical Engineering indeed is. Once the world was ruled by Military engineering and it was hailed as the greatest career when the whole world was fighting wars. So many physical concepts were used to create multiple systems. When the normalcy started returning, the branch of Civil Engineering was discovered. It was already discovered partially but did not get due attention. Military engineering projects were having very tight dead lines and even people were working under extreme duress under some of the political leadership in some geograph 

Yes. If you have to ask a question like that, then the answer is, yes. I am going to take a guess on why you might have asked this question. I don’t sense cynicism. But, perhaps there is a sense of frustration in the question. That is how I am reading it. And, partly that’s because I have experienced some of those emotions myself. It feels like other areas of science are always in the forefront. Everything else seems to get more attention than mechanical engineering. It’s all about iPhones and the Internet of things. 5G. Computer viruses, and the like. But, in some ways…that may actually be a go 

Raj : Hey bro, How are you? Saw you after 2 years I think? Monty: Hello brother, yes i am working in one manufacturing company and not getting much free time. Raj: But why you are not happy? Monty:i am happy bro, just i hate the job in the manufacturing industry, i don’t know why, but i think Mechanical engineering is DEAD now. Raj: okay, i just saw your Tiktok video that very nice bro, i wonder how you made this videos , even if you don’t have time? Monty: umm anyways, how about you? Raj: I am working with Innovative startups like Augmented Reality AR, Virtual Reality VR , Product design, Visualisa 

Well, it might seem like all important mechanical systems have been invented or developed — cranes, engines, cars, planes, trains, earth moving equipment, kitchen appliances, rockets, robots, bicycles, coffee and espresso makers — you name it. So, it looks like mechanical systems have reached their zenith, and electronics and controls have superseded machines as the basis of an industrial economy. We now have computers, artificial intelligence (AI), bionic systems, the Internet and software engineering — and the permutations and inventions just keep on proliferating. But… You have to keep in min 

 How can you declare such a statement (when you do not have the correct statistics)? Any branch is like a River - during rainy season it will be overflowing and during summer it will be flowing at a lower level. Similarly some fluctuation is quite normal and natural in all walks of life and our mundane activities. May be you haven't tried seriously. We do not have unemployment in engineering, provided we have "effective planning" in whatever action the government is expected to take. Because of poor planning we have made it a million dollar question. Before I answer the question on unemployment ,  

The answer is definitely no! Mechanical engineering is very alive. Here is how and why. First, mechanical engineering is a mature discipline and therefore it is normal that new technologies can seem to be less disruptive than other fields. However the necessity of these advancements is necessary and has more impact than one might think. One of the major mechanical engineering development of the last decade is the efficiency improvements of cars in terms of fuel consumption. New technologies such as direct injection, improved transmissions, variable cylinders and many others comes from the field 

I am very qualified to answer this question since I am a Mechanical Engineer. I did not just get a degree in Engineering. I was passionate about Machines and I used to wonder about their inner mechanisms. I took a course called Applied Mechanics during First year of Engineering, which talked about forces exerted by different bodies and objects on another. In mechanics, you have to draw a free body diagram or force diagram to simplify the problems. I got so good at this that I could visualized force vectors in my head, when I observed physical phenomenon or motions. I was passionate about how m 

TL;DR: The field is not dying, but the barrier to entry is simply too high that in order to do real engineering i.e. R&amp;D, you'll need years of highly specialised knowledge/experience either in academia or the industry (which is not likely unless you have years of study/research in academia to then transition to industry). Engineers are required to design new products. For each design iteration, if it involves considerable impact in performance then engineers are called upon to redesign them. In the world where almost everything is mass-produced, design iterations only happen occasionally. And wh 

Does mechanical engineering require drawing skills?
What can be made with mechanical engineering?
Everything. Almost, everything. From the needle to the nuclear submarine, everything is made by mechanical engineers. If an object has a moving part, be sure that a mechanical engineer was involved in the making. Even if some objects don’t have a moving part, they are still made by mechanical engineers. You see all the odds things around you in the room? They are all made by mechanical engineers. The laptop you are using? The casing and the hinges were designed by mechanical engineers. Sitting on a chair? Made by mechanical engineers. The spectacles you are wearing? The rims were designed by a m 

Man built many things before degreed Engineers. Europe’s industrial revolution was not a product of engineers; it was a time of competitiveness, requiring ingenuity weighted on the shoulders of those on the upper end of the bell curve that have the innate ability to reason. In the last century, one may look at Henry Ford, he was not an educated engineer; however, he had a genetic gift of the phenomenal ability to reason and an enhanced thought process, few possess. College does not provide one with the ability to reason or increase intelligence, genetics does that, college provides you knowled 

It is possible to get a Mechanical Engineering degree or similar and graduate with little to no experience actually building things. Just because you know the math and major theories does not mean you can actually apply them in a practical way. This is something learned from experience. Mechanical engineers often have to communicate thoroughly with the people responsible for building the things that they design so that they can adjust the designs so they are not excessively complicated. Some initial designs produced by Mechanical Engineering “scholars” are unnecessarily complicated to manufact 

Someone in the answers told the best answer I feel : IT DEPENDS . It is really a subjective issue. Like no single student in a class is perfect in every subject , same goes for the engineers. Mechanical Engineering is a wide Science and branches out to numerous applications. Let me give you a brief analysis of why every mechanical engineering is not meant for building up things. There are various Mechanical Engineers such as Design ENGINEERS: They are the gamers of Mechanical engineering. They have good in depth knowledge of scientific laws , they design every part and machine keeping in mind thei

I am someone who graduated with an Electrical Engineering degree who now works as a software engineer. But I have friends who are mechanical engineers (my brother included), and this answer applies to almost all engineers. And the answer is: it depends. If the question is: will getting a mechanical engineering degree magically turn me into a hands-on builder of mechanical devices, the answer is no. Just getting the degree will give you the theory, but if you will need to develop the hands-on building oart yourself. i will use two examples to illustrate. The first is my college roomate and long-tim 

In theory yes, or at least so they like to think. Not to many years ago i had myself a lackey, for want of a better word, he was a mechanical engineering student at the local university, aside from the $ earnt helping me, he was rather grateful of my trade experience. The number of times I had to explain to him how things are actually made was quite surprising, but the fact that my information was relayed to his teachers/professors only to become part of a class lesson or the fact that supposedly the teacher became ‘enlightened’, suggests that perhaps they do lack some knowledge. For many a decad 

As others have said, it depends. Generally speaking, there is little to nothing in a mechanical engineering curriculum that teaches people how to build or fabricate in any way. Furthermore, mechanical engineering is typically not a ‘get your hands dirty’ sort of career. As a mechanical engineer, you are FAR more likely to spend your days behind a computer than working in a shop. What it REALLY comes down to is whether any given mechanical engineer has any interest in building things. Many do, and this often plays a role in such people’s career choice. Many of these people go into college alread 

Mechanical engineering is one of the oldest and broadest field of engineering. It finds its application in vast areas. Mechanical engineers can: Build machines that performs the desired task (any task). Eg: coal mining machines, earth moving machines, etc.  Build automobiles from cycles to aeroplanes, ships and anyother means of transport you could ever imagine.  Build rockets that can take us out of the Earth and even to Moon, Mars and beyond.  Create composite materials and smart materials that have a wide variety of applications. For example: materials having high strength and extremely light in wei 

As an undergraduate in mechanical and aerospace engineering we took a non credit class called ‘the cannon class’ where we machined and assembled a working toy cannon from brass. It was a good opportunity to learn about how drawing tolerances impacted the ability to machine parts, and how they fit together, which are important for design engineers to understand. It also gave us a basic understanding of how to operate machine tools, lathes, basic milling machines, etc. During some labs, and later during some work assignments, I worked closely with machinists, assemblers, technicians, inspectors  

Yes, most do. Some know how to build things very well. There are a lot of things you can do with an engineering degree, and some of these things aren’t in engineering. Some people go on to get an MBA and then they combine it with their engineering degree. These people are probably less likely to know how to build things. Also, there is a difference between knowing how to do build something and actually being able to do it. For example, an engineer might know how to build an airplane, but not actually be able to fly one. However, this engineer probably has a lot of specialized knowledge about buil 

How to become a well skilled mechanical design engineer? How to get the basic knowledge ?
Which programming language is most suitable for a mechanical engineer?
MATLAB is probably the most common language that you will find mechanical engineers using. It is geared toward scientific calculations and is based on matrices. One advantage of MATLAB is that it is fairly quick to get started -- it comes packaged with a development environment, and you can fire it up and start programming immediately. One major disadvantage is price. It is quite expensive, and if you like to program at home (as I do) then you might find this to be a bit of a roadblock. Your company also may or may not pay for a license for you.  This is a hugely powerful tool though, and is a 

So the other answers here, while good, I think gloss over some nuance. In general, as Shreeyash Lalit alludes to, there are 4 main classes of computation that mechanical engineers are involved in. Computer Aided Design (CAD), Finite Element Analysis, Data Acquisition, and Numerical Analysis. You will do well to be competent with the relevant tool in your industry for each one of these, but know that their domain is deep and that people have made entire careers being experts on just one of them. But let's look at each a little closer CAD/FEA That said, your question asks about programming languages 

All and all these answers are good but I still think they don't give a very good picture of what a mechanical engineer would use. Firstly mechanical engineers don't know anything about traditional programming and computer science. For this reason the most likely time you'll spend will be programming in vba in excel spread sheets. I believe you can use solid works as well. You won't do any real programming per say.The closest thing you'll get to real programming is if you use matlab and simulink or something. You won't have even heard of source control, design patterns concurrency, or a vast p 

Most engineering programs expect undergraduates to take computer programming, but requirements vary widely. My institution, the University of California, Davis, requires electrical engineering students to take four programming courses, but mechanical engineering students take just one course. Which language should students learn? As more mechanical devices add electronic controls, the choice of language becomes more critical. In 1998 Matlab replaced the more traditional FORTRAN as one of the four required courses for UC Davis electrical engineers and in the mechanical engineering curriculum as w 

It depends on how much programming you are going to do. If you are mostly an experimentalist or designer or other non-computing-intensive specialty, then MATLAB is useful.  It's relatively easy to learn, and it has tons of built-in functions, visualization, and the environment.  You do not need to worry about declaring variable types, or compiling your code and parsing through unreadable errors.  Most of the mathematical problems that you will need to solve are easy with MATLAB, e.g. inverting a matrix or solving an ODE. If you are going to do a lot of modeling, such as CFD or FEA, then you shou 

In my opinion any language would be useful to learn. Different languages, in this case, can give you an opportunity to take a different approach to a certain problem. My very modest personal experience with programming languages.I never liked MATLAB but learned it because it was mandatory in my university and C++ just for fun. Later I learned some Javascript and a little Java.Tried C# with WPF, didn't like it (maybe because I was too stupid to understand and learn it). Since I "deleted" my facebook account(in quotes because they don't wanna let me delete it - don't know why!) I'm tinkering wi 

I m posting the same answer from here Which programming language is most suitable for a mechanical engineer? C++  would be better. Most CAD packages use interfaces with C++. (NX Open  API, CATIA CAA). If you would explore profiles of CAD developers, most  of them would have been well versed in C++ since it is used in most of  CAD based tools. One of the best examples for use of C++ in open CAD  domain is OpenCASCADE which provides an open environment for CAD,CAE  preprocess etc. In numerical analysis too, C++ has libraries like BOOST  which would help. MATLAB and SCILAB has interfaces for develo 

I am a Graduate Mechanical Engineering student myself with my specialization in Fluids and Thermal sciences. I come from an education background where programming was not a significant part of my undergraduate curriculum. As a Grad student, I have my homeworks in computtional sciences so I started using Matlab which is easier to learn and considering all the documentation as well as the online forum of Mathworks you can easily learn that. The additional benefit of Matlab is its various toolboxes. Life becomes easy. However, soon I developed an affinity towards coding. Thus, I felt a need to mov 

What is the best carpentry tool suited for a programmer? I don't know--could be a saw, could be a hammer, could be a sanding block. It depends on what you're trying to accomplish. I hate writing an answer like this, but unfortunately it's true.  Languages are like tools in the programmer's toolkit. I might use Visual Basic if I'm trying to interface with Excel, Python if I'm writing text manipulation, C if I'm banging bits on a GPIO interface, or JavaScript if I'm manipulating a web page. I know an answer like "learn XYZ because you'll never need anything else" would be more convenient. But what 

Arthur and Chris have great answers, but you will find that every different project that you will tackle in your career will require a different programming language. In my career as a mechanical engineer at GE, I have written software in C# (FEA tool built on top of CAD software), Java (Hadoop MapReduce jobs for analyzing large amounts of gas turbine data), Python (simple data analytics and plots for large datasets), MATLAB (simple heat transfer modeling), SQL (accessing configuration data for each machine), and then you need to be familiar with coding in ANSYS and NASTRAN is you don’t want t 

How can I get into TUM/RWTH when I don't even have any good project ideas?
What do truck drivers do if they encounter a bridge they can't fit under?
Usually going under bridges isn’t a problem because most bridges are not in places that you drive under. I think you mean overpasses and viaducts. In any event what truck drivers are suppose to do is pre-trip their route to spot and plan for things like this, however sometimes things happen. When this happens they should be paying attention to see that the bridge, overpass or viaduct is a minimum height of 13’- 6” unless their carrying a special load of a different size. If they’re not paying attention then they will get wedged under the bridge and ultimately they’ll probably need the assistan 

Thanks for the A2A. I pull a class of truck that can't just back up.  Since it bends two times in the middle, we're kinda stuck. To prevent it happening, if we have to go to a place we've never been, we have a copy of the Motor Carrier's Road Atlas, which has a list of ALL low bridges on the national authorized network, and many that aren't (there's almost a full column of Chicago alone!). I plan the route using the map, and we also have a Rand McNally truck route satnav with the low bridges programmed in. But I look up the route, and compare the list of low bridges against the route I chose. So  

This situation actually happened to me! I was on a one lane road when I came up on a bridge not marked and absolutely no warning signs. I was always 100% aware of my vehicle height and if I thought I could not fit I would not even attempt it! My company had other drivers get stuck under bridges and other obstacles and end up causing major damage. When ever I approached something that was questionable I did it slowly with caution! In this situation I could see I would not clear the bridge and had cars behind me and cars coming the other way. I called 911 ( I actually had to walk to find a phone 

Apparently some just go hell bent for leather to try to prevent it. I live in a small town south of the Twin Cities if Minnesota, where there is a busy thoroughfare that passes under a low bridge train trestle. It’s in residential section of town that was not meant as a truck route. But trucks do use it by either fitting under the bridge, which some can, or by using the town main drag about four blocks over. That street curves away from being parallel with the residential one, so trucks not going that way will cross back over to it at a point past the trestle bridge. One day last year (2019) I w 

First, they avoid doing so. Bridge heights are recorded and accessible both in print and online and in certain map apps. Second, they turn around and go back to a different route. Third, most bridges do not have a straight bottom, but instead arch or slope; there may be several extra inches of clearance at the highest spot in the bottom. Thus there is a good chance they can find a spot on the bridge that they can pass under, even though the bridge is nominally too short for them Fourth, releasing some of the pressure from all the tires may lower the truck a few inches. They will have to drive car 

Look for a new route on a map if they are using their navigation app. Even maps can be a problem in places like Chicago with so many low bridges. I drove a heavy wrecker there before moving over to O.T.R in 83′ They would pave a road under a bridge and somehow the clearance signs wouldn’t be changed.Those 3–4 inches made a huge difference on some of those close to 13′6″ bridges. I would try to follow other trucks if I’ve never been to a city. A lot of times a phone call to a shipper or receiver will guide you in or a simple call on the C.B. Most of time the shipper/receivers near low bridges w 

If you don’t fit by only let’s say ten centimeters you can try lowering the tractor unit and semi-trailer from their air cushioned suspensions. If you still don’t fit you have to turn around. If you can’t turn around then you are screwed. The only thing that can be done in this case is to ask for a rescue team that will rescue your truck by lifting it with a powerful helicopter and put it back on the road. Your company will pay for their services but they will recover the money from your salary. And those services are expensive….you will actually work two or three months for free after such th 

In this modern day and age, its only truckdrivers, that have not done their home work that will encounter this situation, and will be the object of ridicule by their boss and colleagues alike for quite some time. Heights of bridges are easily obtainable, and knowing how high your load is, is pretty basic. However if you failed to do the preliminaries right, and you are stuck in that situation , you have a number of options…1. turn around and find a bypass….2. let some air out of your tires, and hope that a few inches makes the difference… 3. get someone to unload you and drive through and load 

Back when I drove for a major appliance mfg we would typically do house deliveries with long wheelbase condo sleepers &amp; 48 foot trailers here in the northeast (Boston area)it was a complete mismatch for the equipment &amp; a nitemare to say the least , so at least a few times a week we would come up to low bridges as our routes would change daily depending on our delivery’s first thing to do is pull over if you can and turn on your hazards then figure out how to back out of the unfortunate situation, calling the cops in this part of the country is a joke citizens are usually far more helpful than  

The Route 15 Parkway in Connecticut traverses the southwest quadrant of the state from southwest to northeast. It was built in the 1930’s, before there were giant 18-wheeler semis, and is criss-crossed by a number of low bridges, too low too accommodate large trucks, so they are not allowed on the parkway: no commercial traffic. But once in a while truckers have not gotten this message and so they stray onto the parkway, only to meet a bridge that they cannot drive under, although this does not always stop them from trying, the result of which is that the top of the truck is sheared off and tr 

Why don't engineers unionize?
Engineers do not unionize because they know what everybody in the sales department, accounting and executive suite already know, namely that 20% of the people do 80% of the work. Engineers do not unionize because of the 80/20 Rule. I mean that in sales terms, not beating the pavement like a mental patient kicking down every door, but actually closing deals. 20/80 rule applies, because only results matter. Some engineers identify the right problems, come up with the right solutions, and are actually capable of delivering the final product, on budget and to spec. Those that do, command whatever pric 

In Australia engineers do have a union, “ Professionals Australia, [1] formerly the Association of Professional Engineers, Scientists and Managers Australia (APESMA), is an Australian employee association registered under state and federal industrial relationsacts. “ I was a member when I first graduated. It was a complete waste of time and money. The minimum wage for engineers at the time was around $40k/annum and working for a Victorian council that was my wage. The council required in the EBA that I have 4 years experience before I could get a promotion and the line I was told is that pay was base 

When I was in the business, I didn’t feel the motivation to unionize, and I haven’t seen the rationale for it. The main thing I’d fear losing in a union is the ability to use my imagination and skill to solve problems efficiently. I knew something about unionized jobs among building contractors, and road builders. So, I understood the work scheme a little bit. One of the things I enjoyed about working in IT was finding efficient and elegant solutions to challenging problems. That wasn’t the norm in my work (because time wasn’t made for it in most projects), but I worked in opportunities to do t 

I don’t have a real coherent answer, I’ll list some of the inhibitions towards unionizing in engineering. ‘Professionalism’ - Professionals think themselves above class struggle, and they buy into the social wage of prestige in the culture and at work, so they stay late and work saturdays when they’re on salary instead of hourly pay. Jeff Schmidt’s book ‘Disciplined minds’ is about this sort of socialization in professional schools. I don’t think it directly applies, as it’s mostly about grad school and engineers are overwhelmingly just trained the Baccalaureate level. Engineering bosses might h 

Because it would be the surest way to finish off the firm. Unions typically exist (and justifiably so) for bargaining power with company management on largely two aspects - Compensation (including that after retirement i.e. pensions and healthcare) andWorking conditions (which also includes such things as hiring and firing standards).The compensation part typically moves lock-in-step with promotions which are largely based on seniority. Public school teachers are a textbook example of that. And all that is well and good when there isn’t a massive difference in productivity among workers. Like say 

In my opinion, the skill range is still too wide and still not uniform. When any skill is hard to define, you will have massive-doers and then those that lesser-do competing for the same title and position. This means there are low skill tier individuals seeking high paying jobs, while high skill tier individuals holding low paying jobs. The market is a mess when it comes to software engineering. Other types of engineering have started to stabilized because the technology cap stopped accelerating. Power (electric) engineers, civil engineers, and construction engineers have all started balancing t 

Engineers do unionize, but only rarely. Long ago, in my first job out of college I worked for a major aerospace &amp; defense company, and there was an engineer’s union. It was called ASPEP, the Association of Scientists and Professional Engineering Personnel. We had to pay dues but had the option to join or not join. As a smartass 21-year old freshly minted BSEE I chise not to join because unions were for factory workers and low-skill laborers. *I* was a hot shot engineer with a bright future and a union would just hold je back, forcing a contract on me that I was sure I could do better than. Or  

I was a member of the union at one of my first jobs — indeed, I had to be, since if I hadn’t been, the union contract wouldn’t have allowed me to touch the equipment, and as much as I enjoy design work I wanted to be able to play with my toys. But the union, wonderful as it was for technicians and other workers, was of no use to me or my fellow engineers. We were (by arrangement with the union) salaried rather than wage workers, and we didn’t need or want union benefits like overtime, since our job required long hours during major projects and we took comp time when the load was light. Even when 

Some really want to, but honestly, it’s a pretty stupid idea. As background, a lot of these guys (and gals) look back at their Midwestern roots, and from what I can see from their writing, they feel they “owe” the unions for whatever quasi-benefits they used to promote among their workers. Of course, we can whitewash history and disregard the fact that many unions were front operations for money laundering, plus they were extremely racist, sexist, and rather violent. I worked for a union, and honestly, I would never do it again. Let’s go over a few reasons why: Lock Step Pay That’s not good. I’m h 

First, I have never worked for a union shop as I live/work in Texas. I do not claim to know the exact working relationships as rules change with each company/state. Let me provide you with a story as to why I do not like Union shops. Remember that this is personal experience and I was directly involved. I am leaving out the company name of the sonar engineer. I was working on an new oil exploration vessel about 30+ years ago. There was a wholesale problem with a Sonar system that is made by a company in the Northeast. One of their engineers, along with a couple of technicians, came aboard to fix 

Why is steel extensively used with concrete?
Why doesn't the US build the largest airport terminals, the biggest bridges, or the tallest buildings in the world anymore even though it remains by far the most powerful economy and country?
Empires rise when focus in on production and decline when focus is on capital. Starting in the 70s, some even say in the 60s, making money is what mattered. Success was measured based on the income. Then it got progressively worse, and ethics started to become a bad word; praying on others was okay. Pride? About the only thing pride left was bragging about being #1, and pointing out were we were ahead. To mention that we are loosing ground, others are catching up was “socially/professionally” incorrect.When a mega project happened elsewhere it was brushed off with “we can do this too if we want 

You are going to get angry at my answer, and probably slam the keyboard, but you have to realize that it makes sense. So why doesn’t the United States build mega-projects anymore? A) They are expensive, and cost a ton of money.  For example here, this is the world’s current tallest building. The Burj Khalifa is an impressive 2,717 feet (828 meter) tall building, but it cost $1.5 billion dollars to build, and that’s with the lax labor law in Dubai. Such a building would probably cost $4–5 billion dollars in the United States, and it would probably have hard time attracting tenants. The building was  

Funny story - for decades, the world’s largest telescope was the 5-meter Mount Palomar Observatory (Visiting Palomar Observatory). It was built in the 1940s and remained unchallenged until the 1970s. The USSR decided they wanted to have the world’s largest telescope, so they built a 6-meter scope that saw first light in 1975 (BTA-6 - Wikipedia). The problem was that the telescope sucked - the mirror was flawed and had to be re-done, and even then the larger Russian scope just didn’t produce high-quality images. The same thing happened with particle accelerators - Russia built a bigger and high 

The US has almost never had the “top” spot for long in most things, but that isn’t a dig at our country. We by our nature try to only do things that actually have a purpose, and it is when we try to go beyond a purpose that we run into waste and corruption. As an example, the US never made a supersonic airliner. The Concorde was European, and the TU-144 (which was bigger and faster) was Soviet. I’ll bet $20 that there was all sorts of debates about why the US didn’t have its own Supersonic Airliner, and how “behind” the US was since it flopped with the Boeing 2707. And yet, where are these super 

Hi Ellie, Thanks for the A2A. Adding to User-12195552308105935383 and Gheorge Rider: From a foreign perspective, this question is a very interesting question dividing the attention between national pride, economic power, and the commercial reality of the need for infrastructure. The simple answer is that there is no need for it. The USA, geographically, is not any longer a transportation hub, but a transportation destination. Busiest cargo ports Port of Shanghai, China World's busiest container port since 2010Port of Ningbo-Zhoushan, China World's busiest port by cargo tonnage since 2010Port of Sing

Because the US is bankrupt. It is a country that prefers spending almost a trillion dollars per year in weapons instead of building an universal and free healthcare system like many countries in the world as the Europeans. If a US citizen gets ill, it's probable he or she gets a heart attack after receiving the hospital bill. While Donald Trump pumps a healthy 5 percent fiscal déficit every year based on tax cuts for the wealthiest people, the national debt increases to a record 23 trillion dollars. It is Now more that 100 percent of the GDP. As an example, many teachers from Washington are now 

 There is a common misconception, specially among the people in less-developed countries. That is - A developed country means, big buildings, wide roads and big shopping malls etc. Surprisingly, none of these is a sign of development. A developed country have the following facilities (and even more) Everyone can fulfill the basic needsLaw and order is same for everyoneThere is no financial injusticeThe ruler (government) is liked by most of the peopleVery little corruptionNone of these reasons are about buildings and roads. Look at Zurich, Switzerland, one of the best tourist attractions in the w 

Why doesn't the US build the largest airport terminals, the biggest bridges, or the tallest buildings in the world anymore even though it remains by far the most powerful economy and country? … but it does build … everything! Why build roads when you can have a flying car? Why build roads, or pipelines, when self-branded “environmentalists” do nothing but block progress. Tall buildings and massive airports, obsolete before they’re completed, like the “white elephant” in Denver, are little more than glimmer in the architect’s eye, built with taxpayer funds. Tall or massive erections without funct 

Ellie Williams and interested readers, this is a question relatable to many socio-political issues. Let me answer your A2A this way: Those who really can, don’t necessarily need to prove that they can. The “US” is really a consolidation of people and governments working together - truly an “us.” “We” have achieved those monuments in the past. Sometimes we did it as a mark of personal capability at the time; at other times, merely because it was a necessary thing to do in order to get something done. Some countries, other than the US, are less a consolidation of people and governments and more a s 

I disagree with your “why”. Since WWII, the USA has collected roughly the same amount of taxes as a percentage of GDP, hovering right around 16%. Chart: Federal Receipts as Percent of Gross Domestic Product At the same time, our spending on entitlements has ballooned. Chart: US Government Entitlement Spending History with Charts Notice 2020 on both charts, they are roughly the same with 2020 spending being higher than receipts. Go back to 1960, as that appears to be the point where the wheels came off the bus. What else did we spend money on in 1960? Well, we were in the middle of the Cold War,  

How could cities like New York build extensive subway lines in the early 20th century, but these days it seems like a simple extension of a current line costs an arm and a leg?
Is the bridge of the Starship Enterprise realistic, and is there any field of study that deals with the bridge design of a ship?
The bridge of the starship Enterprise is, we might say, a marvel of future technology as viewed from our present century. It is, equally likely, a colossal failure of the imagination to think that humans will still sit in chairs in front of blocks of equipment, watching flat-screen TVs, hundreds of years in the future.   The year 2000, as imagined by French artists of the Nineteenth Century, was supposed to include whale buses (top) and iron warships suspended from blimps (bottom). Could anyone back then have successfully predicted submarines and fighter jets? All through the history of literature 

So here’s the thing. That wasn’t a bridge of a starship it was a stage. I don’t mean that in the sense of it being a TV set. Lots of sets are not designed as stages but that one was:  It turns ou,t in my opinion, it is not a very good stage either. There is only one entrance/exit at center back. This significantly limits entrances in many ways. The main protagonist almost always has his back to anyone entering. The characters are somewhat locked into non-interactive positions. Everyone is facing away from everyone else. The perimeter actors all face outward to stations. The helmsman and navigato 

We have no way to know if the bridge of the Enterprise is realistic or not. This is because it’s set hundreds of years in the future, where we can travel faster than light and are regularly interacting with space aliens. But more importantly - when ships are created for television and movies, the creators are not creating a documentary. They are creating a product that they hope will entertain us. And the interior and exteriors are designed to make sure the storyteller can achieve this within the budget. Thus the bridge of the Starship Enterprise wasn’t intended to reflect how a spaceship would fu 

The bridge of the Enterprise, especially TOS, is one of the dumbest setups I can imagine. A pointless split level that you can trip going up or down in an emergency. A useless handrail that you need to run around to get from the upper level to the lower, not to mention across the room. Not to mention that when the ship lurches, it is more likely to injure you than protect you. Only one exit that requires an elevator, making it easy to get trapped on the bridge (which did happen). How hard would it be to add a hatch with a ladder leading out? Lots of little swirling circles on the walls that do abs 

No the bridge of most sci-fi ships are, in general, terrible. The lack of any kind of scientific thought in most sci-fi really annoys me at this stage. I guess the enterprise get’s some reprieve by not being strictly a military ship, but even so, the whole ship is a law suit waiting to happen. Health and safety just didn’t seem to come into it. As others have mentioned the lack of any kind of safety belts in a ship that’s constantly being thrown around isn’t just an over site it’s downright idiotic. Everyone on the ship should be strapped down when the ship is going to be carrying out any kind  

A2A: I was in Seattle in time to see Paul Allen’s Museum of Pop Culture, or MoPOP (previously called EMP Museum) when it featurred the actual props of the bridge of the Enterprise (ST TOS). I loved that series growing up and was numb with excitememt to be next to, and so close, to the very artifacts that made up much of my childhood imagination. I could forgive the cheap plastic, the spacey looking chairs that you'd now see in garage sales, Kirk’s command chair so worn and cracked with baubles of lights on the arms and fake speakers with old style mechanical toggle switches. Lights on Chekov an 

The bridge of the Enterprise? Absolutely insane. Don’t even get me going about the original series. Everyone on the bridge but Kirk was sitting in kitchen chairs. Look at some of the more energetic sequences and you see some tipped over. You’d see Kirk spinning around in a flat seat that was at least twice the size of his butt and he never ended up flying anywhere or even sliding down in the seat? Even when they did finally give them chairs actually attached, seat belts weren’t a normal option. Considering the normal crap you’d see happening at least once every third show with people being throw 

The US Navy puts much thought into the bridge design of its vessels! The bridge design of the United Star Ship Enterprise was quite realistic, given: The show had a production budget.Everything done in front of the rolling camera had to ‘look good on camera’. Lots of tricky simulation was needed for plausibility, but while keeping point number 1 in mind!It was the mid- 1960s, with technology of the previous decade being what there was to work with given that it was a studio production with a finite budget and not a national security initiative like the real space program or things the USAF was i

It isn’t realistic, and it would be problematic if it was. The bridge of the Enterprise is a storytelling aid. It is a closed-in room to create dramatic tension and crew cohesion, but also sparse enough to show some actor alone in the frame when they display some inner conflict. Rubble can fall from the ceiling, explosions and smoke can come from the consoles, chairs can fall over, because that’s how we are shown that the ship is in danger. On a real ship, safety measures would prevent that, and we’d have to be told what the danger level is. Turning in a swivel chair to exposit to the captain usi 

Not that I know of. But such a field would be a bit pointless because there is no need for a bridge in the first place. Firstly, any real space ship would use monitors rather than windows so the ‘executive’ could gather in any room around a table to make decisions. More likely different experts would be in their own offices with teleconference for when a decision needs to be made. Most steering would be computer controlled, most evasive manouvers would be autonomous (faster than a human can), most interesting things would be far out of site, so would be understood through remote probes, simulati 

What is something horrifying you found under a bridge?
How can we better design cities to fight floods?
If titanium is so strong why isn't it used instead of steel for buildings?
If titanium is so strong why isn't it used instead of steel for buildings? Somewhere along the way, Hollywood has latched on to titanium as being the ultimate, strongest, hardest, highest temperature metal. It’s not. Titanium and its alloys are a nice “medium” set of alloys with properties generally between aluminum alloys and steels, with overlap. The best aluminum alloys are stronger than the weakest commercially pure titanium grades. The best titanium alloys exceed quite a few steels in strength (including common construction grades of steel), but the strongest steels leave titanium alloys in 

I figured I should probably weigh in on this question, because there are a lot of theoretical “reasons” here that are actually pretty irrelevant. Mike Miller gave an answer that’s technically correct, and I recommend reading it for some background, but in practice it’s focused in completely the wrong direction. To explain why titanium isn’t used in buildings, even though it’s much better than structural steel, I want to start by pointing out that the standard grade of structural steel, A36, is only about 1/3 as strong as a good high-strength alloy. If you tried to build a car out of A36 steel, i 

Because: A lot, if not most of the time people don’t even bother using particularly strong steel alloys because of the cost.Buildings are very large structures which need a lot of material, so expensive materials get really expensive. If you’re spending a couple hundred million dollars on an aircraft that weighs a couple hundred tons, or a satellite that weighs just a couple tons, then switching from a material that costs a few hundred dollars per ton to one that costs a few thousand dollars per ton is not going to have as big an impact on your budget, proportionally, as if you’re spending a si

“If titanium is so strong why isn't it used instead of steel for buildings?” Interesting fact, Wood, is stronger than Steel, by weight. A 1metre long wooden beam, weighing 1kg, is stronger than a 1m long steel beam weighing 1kg Steel is stronger by volume, a Steel 2x4 is wildly stronger than a wooden 2x4 A Wooden beam capable of holding up a skyscraper, would be bigger than the skyscraper Monadnock Building - Wikipedia The brick North side of the Monadnock building requires 6ft thick walls at the bottom, the south side, steel reinforced, only 3ft thick. Now, on to Titanium. Although Titanium is a pret 

A lot of the answers here focus on cost. Which is very important. The price of metals tends to look like this: Mild steel is very cheap. For many applications, mild steels get the job doneAluminium is about 4 times as expensive as mild steelsStainless steel is slightly more expensive than aluminiumCopper is about 3 times as expensive as aluminiumNickel is 2.5 to 3 times as expensive as copperTitanium is 2.5 to 5 times as expensive as nickelThe end result? Titanium is insanely expensive compared to mild steelsThe difficulties of working with titanium have also been mentioned. However, I would li 

I’m going to second Dominic Tramonte because a lot of other answers fail to meaningfully address the question. Titanium is “so strong” when you consider strength to weight ratio. It’s an extremely light metal, and properly alloyed has strength comparable to quality steel, which is much heavier. Any answer that ignores this pertinent fact is not addressing the question being asked. It is also true that metallic titanium is very expensive. This is not so much due to scarcity of the element (though it’s only about a tenth as abundant as iron on Earth), but because titanium oxidizes rather aggressiv 

Titanium itself is not stronger than steel, it is just as strong, but has the advantage of being less dense (ie lighter). It’s things like titanium alloys (other materials reinforced with titanium) that gives them amazing strength; it makes other metals much stronger. But even then there are two types of strength: tensile and ductile. Titanium is great with tension given its weight compared with steel, so for things like aircraft fuselages they are excellent because they are corrosion and fatigue resistant, and both stronger and lighter than if the airframe was plain steel. As such, its use for b 

Tungsten actually has the highest tensile strength of any natural metal. So, why isn’t IT used instead of steel? It’s exceptionally brittle and often tends to shatter on impact. Different metals are used for different applications due to their reactions to various things (being dropped, local weather conditions, etc.). So, while other metals may be “stronger”, there is no single type of metal that is good for “every” type of project you need metal for. Steel alone? There are over 3,500 different grades of steel…graded by two different systems (AISI or SAE). 316 SAE steel is used for building con 

Titanium has excellent mechanical properties but it’s very expensive to source and handle (weld). Although it is one of the most common elements in the earth’s crust, titanium is usually found in the form of titanium dioxid, aka “inert white stuff” that is used in white paint, white pills/tablets, and other applications as inexpensive white bulk material. The expensive bit is converting the titanium dioxid into metallic titanium (and its alloys). Titanium is also difficult to melt and weld, because it is so “keen” to return to its dioxid form. If you heat titanium, it will burn (and oxidise in 

Because titanium isn’t particularly strong. What titanium has is an unusually high strength to weight ratio. So if you need something very light weight for a mass-critical application— think a structural frame for a space vehicle— you might lean toward titanium. It’s also useful as an alloy, or the nitride as a coating for cutting tools. But if you application is not mass-critical, or does not have an unlimited budget, you’ll probably select an aluminum or steel for the job. There are several grades of aluminum with specific heat tempers that are harder than the best titanium, and don’t weigh a  

A couple in Oregon was allowed the option of a civil trial after they committed a crime. Should this option be extended to all criminals nationwide?
What is something electrical engineers know that others don't?
Several commenters asked for explanation of these assertions, so I modified the answer and added some reasons: EDIT: Electrical engineers do know: Why electric power is generated, transmitted and delivered in three phasesAs for the 3-phase, the reason is constant power throughput. If you make a graph of power versus time for a 1-phase load, you see a great ripple in the power delivered, same with 2-phase (actually it is a 1-phase load with higher voltage). With 3-phase, due to the simetry of the voltages and currents (all 120 degrees apart) the power delivered is constant, i. e. no ripples, no vi 

1. Did you ever notice gravel beneath and around large transformers (like in the pic)?  ​​​​One of the reasons for this practice is actually "snakes". Yes, you read it right.Large transformers produce substantial vibrations due to magnetostriction which get transmitted to ground. Due to this effect the transformers placed on solid ground attract snakes. To prevent this, transformers are surrounded by gravel which prevents snakes from coming near it. 2. A common ceiling fan (not the BLDC ones) can actually rotate in either direction. It is the capacitor that makes it run in a specific direction ( 

The two most important things which I am going to share even not known by most modern electrical engineers too. Forget physicists. 1. Electricity is NOT ElectronsCurrent don’t exist inside the conductor, as modern electron theory claims. Current exists outside the space of the conductor. Treating current flow as flow of electrons inside conductor analogous to water flowing in pipe is utter hogwash. The idea of electricity as a flow of electrons in a conductor was regarded by Heaviside as a psychosis. Electric Field is a generic term for combination of magnetic and dielectric. Electric Field = D 

Electricity was never invented. It was discovered.Dogs bark at cars’ wheels because the engine produces high-pitch noises that humans can’t hear, but dogs identify as a frightened dog inside.Daylight Savings doesn’t actually save electricity. It still exists because it helps the economy.Have you ever wondered why birds sitting on a power line don’t get electrocuted? If a bird sits on just one power line it is safe. However, if the bird touches another line with a wing or a foot, it creates a circuit, causing the electricity to flow through the bird’s body. This results in electrocution.Enough 

I swear there is NO YELLOW LIGHT here (unless you are reading this on a printed sheet):  Yellow is “made” by monitors by emitting red and green lights. So yellow light is sum of red light and green light, right? Wrong! As I said, there is no yellow light up there not even as the result of some bizarre sum of red light and green light. Only actual red and green. No yellow light whatsoever! Red is the light frequency of 440THz (TeraHertz). Green is 560THz. Yellow is an approximate mid-point, of 520THz. Yellow, as you can see in rainbows, is between red and green:  Our eyes are particularly sensitive to  

These are few things that I find interesting. World Largest Batteries:  This beautiful lake isn’t a lake actually, but a battery. A very large battery.. technically..! The name used by electrical engineers is Pumped Storage Plant. Actually electricity producing companies want to produce large amount of Power because it is more economical that way. However sometimes demand is low and they overshoot the amount of supply. During those times companies want to store extra produced electricity so that it can be used later when demand is high. They do so by pumping water uphill mostly in large reservoir 

These are somethings to know about: We know that AC isn’t just about making coldness, it can be used to make a room hot too because it is a Air conditioning. You can also use an AC as an improvised heater by turning it backwards, so it blows colder air out and hot air in but that would be far from efficient. Also, it adjusts the air velocity and the humidity.We know the reason behind the air conditioning system in ICU room is not just for luxury hospital but to cool the machinery also. Overheating the machinery can cause malfunctions.We know the reason behind why airplane windows always have ro

I am an Electrical Engineer. My family thinks I can work on all the electrical equipment. Be it repairing refrigerator, or seeing what’s wrong with TV. But, ironically, I am not even asked to replace a fused bulb with a new one. So Sad. According to them, I am of no use and I don’t know anything. Well, it might not be true. Or might be true. I am not in touch with my core from quite few years now. But, they have always intrigued me and I miss them, a lot. If An Appliance Is Plugged Into the Wall, But Turned Off, Is It Using Electricity? Yes? No? Well, yes. It does. We assume that when a plugged-in d 

Ever wonder why you ask for a 100W bulb instead of saying that “ bhaiyaji, ek x ohms ka bulb dena!”. Is it wrong to say that? Yes, Because in our Power system we rate devices according to the power consumed and not the resistance( watt = energy consumed in joules/sec). Resistance is constant in the bulb and voltage supply is approx constant in home so power = ( voltage )^2 / Resistance of bulb. So if you say 100W bulb it means that it consumes 100 joules of energy per second. Units used in electrical systems. Please do care about it electrical guys. Always use mA, MVA, kVA, mV instead of KV, KV 

Ground.  This may sound trivial to other electrical engineers, but I take no shame in admitting I was at a layman’s level of understanding till now in my theoretical knowledge of electrical ground. So others from non-electrical background who think that they know clearly the concept of electrical ground in circuits, may read on. I spent days debugging circuit designs and errors in my recent professional days just by the concept of ground and neutral. I think the main reason I was still unclear on these concepts is because of the lack of curiosity and teaching rigour that was attached to fundament 

Who decided to call the electron's charge negative?
Why don’t we use copper in transmission lines?
Aluminum is used. Aluminum is very close to the conductivity of copper, about 1.6 times as much resistance per foot for equivalent gauge. So in equivalent wire sizes, aluminum would lose 60% more power to I²R losses. But aluminum has two properties that make it worth using. Cost. Density. In density it is about 1/3 the weight per same volume. So this gives a serious advantage mechanically since we can increase the cross section area by 2 (make it 1.414 times the diameter) and it will have 0.8 times the I²R loss of copper and still be 2/3 times the total weight making the towers cheaper to build  

Aluminum is used. Aluminum is very close to the conductivity of copper, about 1.6 times as much resistance per foot for equivalent gauge. So in equivalent wire sizes, aluminum would lose 60% more power to I²R losses.But aluminum has two properties that make it worth using. Cost. density.in density it is about 1/3 the weight per same volume. So this gives a serious advantage mechanically since we can increase the cross section area by 2 (make it 1.414 times the diameter) and it will have 0.8 times the I²R loss of copper and still be 2/3 times the total weight making the towers cheaper to build  

Why don’t we use copper in transmission lines?  1. Copper is a good conductor of electricity but we use aluminium as a conductor in transmission lines .The main reason of not using copper is the cost .conductivity of copper is higher than the aluminium .But the cost of copper is much more than the aluminium .so due the cost factor we are using aluminum instead of using copper.you can check the conductivity of cu and al in the pic. 2. Another reason for not using cu is it easily gets oxidized.  We use aluminum i transmission line because it is cheaper than copper and the weight is lighter hence redu 

While designing the transmission lines they Consider 3 main parameters 1)Power through the line 2.cost 3.Sag 4. Temperature 5.span and some other parameters also 1.Power: Transffered power depends on the requirement to consumers. Power=voltage *current In transmission lines if we carry the more amount of current then the losses goes on increased Power loss=I^2*R To reduce the losses we transmit the power at higher voltage levels. The size of the conductor is depends on the current glowing through the circuit . The copper wire density is more as compared to the aluminium. Copper conductor having more weigh 

When engineers choose materials in high-cost applications, they prefer to use a selection method called “Factor of Merit”. For transmission lines, the FofM might look like this: Conductivity * tensile strength * diameter * durability / (Material cost * fabrication cost * weight * cost of secure connections) Why on earth would diameter be a GOOD parameter? Not always, but only in EHV cables subject to corona where a larger diameter goes with reduced volt field gradient at the conductor. Durability is there because steel cores rust, and high conductivity aluminum is soft, so a hard aluminum alloy in 

As copper has very good electrical characteristics. It has a high conductivity. So it is good material for transmission line but the cost of copper is very high as well as high specific gravity because of that it is not used for transmission lines. Here aluminium conductor steel reinforced (ACSR) is used for transmission lines. Aluminium has not very good conductivity and tensile strength like copper material but by aluminium reinforcement, it's tensile strength can be increased and as it's cost is very low than copper material as well as it has low specific gravity, so this ACSR conductor is u 

As copper has very good electrical characteristics. It has high conductivity. So it is good material for transmission line but the cost of copper is very high as well as high specific gravity because of that it is not used for transmission lines. Here aluminum conductor steel rainforced (ACSR) is used for transmission lines. Aluminum has not very good conductivity and tensile strength like copper material but by aluminum rainforcedment, it's tensile strength can be increased and as it's cost is very low than copper material as well as it has low specific gravity, so this ACSR conductor is used  

Because:  - Copper is too expensive  - Copper is too weak Aluminium is used because the savings in materials in the wire itself, the ability to have her spans between poles, the ease athich you can specify a thicker cable, and the voltage drop is negligible in high voltage applications, all offset the losses due to the (slightly) higher resistance. Copper is used for short runs, at low voltage, where thicker cable is inconvenient. 334 views · View upvotes1Pvb Mounika, Assistant Engineer at TranscoAnswered 3 years ago

Actually conductivity of aluminium is less than copper. Compare aluminium and copper conductors for same length ,same power transfer, same voltage rating to have same resistance. R(Al)=R(Cu) we get , a(Al)&gt;&gt;a(cu) i.e.. area of cross section of aluminium is greater than area of cross section of copper. when area of cross section is less charge concentration is more and more prone to corona effect.. hence from above condition..corona effect is less in aluminium..so we use aluminium conductors instead of copper conductors in transmission lines 872 views · View upvotes2Gourav Sharma, studied at Bachelor of Technology in Electrical EngineeringUpdated 3 years ago · Author has 77 answers and 159.7K answer views

copper is a good conductor of electricity but we use aluminium as a conductor in transmission lines .The main reason of not using copper is the cost .conductivity of copper is higher than the aluminium .But the cost of copper is much more than the aluminium .so due the cost factor we are using aluminum instead of using copper.you can check the conductivity of cu and al in the pic. 2 Another reason for not using cu is it easily gets oxidized.  sorry for any grammatical errors. 1.5K views · View upvotes51Len Gould, former Manager of Electricians, Industrial and Constructi (1971-1990)Answered 3 years ago · Author has 6.4K answers and 3.3M answer views

Why does a car use 12v Dc?
There are actually two parts to this question. The first is why a car uses DC power, the second is why the battery’s nominal voltage is 12V" role="presentation" style="position: relative;">12V12V12V. The first question is relatively easy to answer. A battery provides DC power, and DC power is generally more useful than AC power, so there’s no need to use a bulky and expensive inverter to get AC power we don’t need anyway. The second question is a bit harder to answer. The 12V" role="presentation" style="position: relative;">12V12V12V nominal figure is a result of battery chemistry and convention, but the real question is why we aren’t using 24V" role="presentation" style="position: relative;">24V24V24V or 48V" role="presentation" style="position: relative;">48V48V48V or even higher voltages. Higher voltages are more efficient a 

12v has been a very common standard for over 50 years. The first cars were hand started and used kerosene or oil for their lights. There was no ‘electrical system’ as such, other than a magneto system to provide the spark. As technology improved, luxuries like electric light, indicator systems and electric start were added to cars. These required some form of electrical energy to work, and the ‘state of the art’ back then was the lead-acid battery. You could use a primary (non rechargeable battery) but that would be an expensive excersise, so clearly a secondary (rechargeable) battery was needed.  

US automobiles prior to the mid-1950s used 6V electrical systems. Since then 12V electrical systems have been standard. One of the reasons I learned was the higher voltage allowed the use of higher gauge (thinner) copper wiring, which costs less and saves weight. Too, using 12V reduced the current in the wires by half so the wires could be made thinner. More importantly, the steel car body continues to be used for the ground return path to the battery. Steel is a not a very good electrical conductor so it represents a significant portion of the voltage drop measured between the battery and the v 

Many people here just refer to the “old” 12V which are basically related to the lead acid battery technology and the fact that in most cases considerable cost savings can be reached by using the chassis as a return to the battery. If you are reading current reports on the development of the Car internal grid you will find that in near furture there will be much higher voltages in the car. There are several reasons: low voltage means high currents and high currents demand “fat” cables with higher cost and lots of copper. Furthermore the return over the carchassis will sooner or later be not possi 

Why does a car use 12V DC? Power is stored, and supplied by a lead acid battery, and they achieve voltages higher than a single cell by using multiple cells. The 12V is what you get from 6 cells. It is only nominally 12V, as it is more like 14V fully charged and the voltage drops as the battery goes “flat”. The 12V just hits the sweet-spot, balancing cost, weight, volume, and power, so that the 12V is like Goldilocks porridge - “just right”. Once a standard is arrived at, it is difficult to change it in any case, as all the electrical auxiliaries in cars, have been made for 12V supply for years, 

Controller An EV’s speed controller is the equivalent of the carburetor or fuel-injection system in an ICE vehicle. To control the vehicle’s speed, the controller takes the energy from the battery pack and feeds it to the motor in a regulated manner. Modern controllers do this by pulse-width modulation, taking the full voltage from the battery pack and feeding it to the motor in thousands of tiny on–off pulses per second. The longer the duration, or “width” of the “on” pulses, the more electricity the motor receives and the faster the vehicle moves. Because the pulses are so tiny, the process f 

Firstly DC because there was and is no cheap and practical method to store AC as in a battery. It comes down to economics. Most cars use lead acid batteries. Each cell is 2 Volts and to make a 12Volt battery you need to connect 6 cells in series to create the 12 Volts. 2 Batteries in series will make a 24V system. Adding cells together is complicating the process and expense. It also adds to the number of points where faults can occurr. Each cell and connection in series is a potential problem source that will stop the system from working well.. Many early car used 6 Volts. But the connections a 

Simplicity of the battery. The nominal voltage of a lead acid cell is 2 volts. Going higher voltage means more cells. Eventually, either the battery is very large, or has very thin plates. 12V is a good balance for the rigors of being in a car, and the cost of materials. Additionally, 12V is reasonable to generate from DC generators and AC alternators without requiring absurd pulley sizes for the engine RPMs used. Lower voltage becomes an issue for radio transmitters and receivers, incandescent lights, resistance losses to the back of the car, running small accessory motors, etc. Once this volt 

In the 1990s there were proposals to make cars with 42 volt electrical systems. The higher emf would make it more practical to have electric air conditioning, electrically heated seats, etc. etc. because the current would be lower. However, the change was never made. One of the problem is that with an emf &gt; 40 volts there is a problem with arcing. That is the the approximate emf used by arc welders. Switches and relays need to be specially designed to prevent arcing. An insulation failure in a wiring harness could lead to arcing with disastrous results. So, although a 42 volt system would have 

You see I am a Electrical engineering student but very interested in Cars . You're saying why not a car use something like 24Volt orr 48volt battery in car . Right ? Nevermind applying the 24v and 48v batteries are always efficient . Let me take an example that if a 12 volt battery gives a current of 40 Amps . So total power = 480 watts . Now if we take like 24v battery . To get the same power output it will give away current half as that in 12volt . Thus reducing the losses as you know losses = squarely to the current but the higher systems of batteries require different controllers which ar 

What happens if our power grids go down and all vehicles are electric?
An all green energy system (solar &amp; wind) is totally unworkable and will be seriously unreliable. For the following reasons : Solar and wind have to be installed not only to supply the day’s energy demand but enough to charge the batteries (or other systems) during the day for overnight power needs. (essentially double the wind &amp; solar plus batteries) Much more expense to install than current Solar &amp; Wind arrays.The fact that solar &amp; wind power can now be stable in operation at all is because they are backed up by a much larger robust conventional &amp; nuclear power grid.Even in day time, a sudden

It’s actually easier to get an electric car charged than preserve the gasoline delivery system in a total blackout. I had a curious thing happen to me during the blackout. I got a text from a friend at a major oil refiner I knew from days in politics. “Hey is there anything you can think of to get the water back on? Our plants are down.” See oil refineries, oil and natural gas pipelines, and oil tanks run on electric power too. They also use water as a coolant. No electricity and the facility producing the gasoline is out as well. They have some co gen capacity for onsite electricity but nothin 

Ray Jones has an excellent answer to this question with a spot on summary. He mentions the world’s vulnerability to rare earth minerals from China. This problem is looming larger and should make Biden pause with his rush to go further with the wind and solar quick sand. We have been staggeringly blind to China’s rare earth dominance FEBRUARY 18, 2021 tags: rare earths By Paul Homewood  image With the US chips down, Beijing is hitting back. That’s one way of looking at news that, almost two years after the Trump administration began restricting supplies of advanced silicon chips to its rival superpower 

Not much actually. By the time we have all electric vehicles, we will also have energy independence.  Remember the initial backlash when Tesla purchased SolarCity: Tesla directors settle, isolating Musk as SolarCity trial looms. (There still is a lawsuit going on). I don’t want to comment on the specifics. Tesla needed a solar installer, Elon Musk happened to own one (albeit failing and at the bring of bankruptcy). But this is the product they offer right now:  Look at the price: $77k is very similar to a Tesla Model S, and a person who can buy one can potentially by the other. And like the vehicle  

The reason matters. If the power grids all go down for lack of gas then it makes no difference whether we have gas-fueled or electric vehicles. So, let’s say that all of the charging stations run exclusively on solar power. All of the gas stations get their electricity from gas-fueled power generators. In this case, the gas-fueled power generators can supply electricity to the solar-powered charging stations and all will be well. Eventually, someone will fix the solar-power problem. There may be also nuclear-powered electricity generators. My feeling is that once we decide to stop using gas as f 

People will be better off. Electric cars are mostly charged by the time people go to bed at night. They are almost always 80% plus ‘full’ of electricity, unlike gas and diesel vehicles. As a result, unexpected power outages leave internal combustion vehicles with much less range than electric vehicles. Gas pumps, as others have pointed out, run on electricity. No electricity, no gas pumps, and while there are manual workarounds, they are really slow by comparison, so few people will be able to take advantage of them. And if it’s the wintertime and gas furnaces can’t get gas because the lines froz 

The same thing that happens if the power grids go down and our vehicles aren’t electric: all the vehicles stop working. How so? See these:  You’ve probably never thought too hard about how these work, but essentially you’ve got an electric pump which pumps fuel from an underground tank into your vehicle. Obviously, since they’re electric they don’t work in a power cut. So in a prolonged power cut all the petrol and diesel vehicles run out of fuel and stop. This will take longer than it would for electric vehicles, but it will happen. Electric ones would all be flat after a few days, petrol and die 

Many people say that total renewable energy isn't workable. They say that we can't respond to surges, we can't respond to less productive wind generation and we can't restart the grid with renewable. In some ways they are right, but actually in many ways all vehicles being electric will be the solution, and companies are already planning for it. Electric cars are just large energy storage devices. Yes you can use that energy to drive a car but you can also feed it back into the grid. Cars let you set minimum ranges, and limits for when you will sell energy back to the grid, and when you will ch 

That will never happen at list with me putting all my eggs in one basket? Lol Hybrid babe! we realizing and blaming the climate change on the industry and the way we behave but I have not see anyone quit smoking to help the environment, Lol all so ask God to stop all the natural disasters polluting and distorting our fragile ozone layer. Well as the more and more engineers graduate every year they need jobs and guess what everything old is improved and made chipper and redly available I meant Commercial and house “Generators” thy run on Diesel, Gas , Propane, Natural Gas and who knows what but 

Pretty much the same thing that happens to all the liquid-fuelled cars that can no longer be refuelled by the electric fuel-dispensing pumps at service stations. They run until the fuel (or charge) reaches the point where range anxiety overcomes the convenience of driving and then they all stop, except for those that have generators or solar backup. The possibility that all “power grids” would somehow “go down” for extended periods (and we are talking days, at least) in any modern, first-world, economy is pretty remote but if it happened it would be devastating on many levels, not just for car d 

Why does Great Britain use a much bulkier 3 pronged Type G plug while most of Europe uses a two round prong Type F plug?
First, read Huw Pritchard’s answer, because it’ll explain the whole ring-main, 32A, fused circuits we have here. It’s also worth noting that much of the ring-main design, while having some safety advantages (like using lower currents in heavier cables), basically means you can draw 32A out of a socket - and that’s clearly a danger. Much of the UK Type G plug design is aimed at mitigating this risk. We have shuttered sockets. There’s a range of devices you can buy in most countries to insert into your sockets to prevent children’s fingers from getting in there - while you can buy these in the UK 

I am a retired Professional Engineer (a legal description in the US) for you in the UK it’s like a Chartered Engineer. I’m also Chartered. I have worked all around the world and currently live in the US. 1 The UK plug has rectangular section pins. This increases both the contact area and the contact force between the plug and its socket. This reduces arcing and increases the current carrying capacity. (known as “Ampacity’ in the US) 2 These pins are shrouded so that when the plug is being inserted there is no time when unshielded live pins are present. 3 The ground (earth pin in UK) pin makes cont 

It's all about compatibility. Of course the British plug is safe. Probably one of the safest there is. But the other systems are also really safe. That is not the reason why they are used. The reason why these plugs are used is first and foremost history. Somewhere in the past, someone designed a plug, and that has become the default for the whole country. Having a nation wide standard plug is great, because then everything is compatible. But our living environment became bigger… When first the average person hardly got out of his village, now we move all over Europe. And guess what, every freaki 

Because we just love having really annoying, bulky plugs that only a few other countries use. If there’s a way to make life more difficult, that’s the one for us! Okay, that’s a joke.The true reason is, Britain was an early adopter of electric appliances. In the start, the light socket was the power outlet! Washing machines would screw in to the light socket. Before electricity was widely understood, the UK had electric tablecloth which allowed multiple appliances to be connected to many light sockets on the table. The problem was, the cables were LIVE with electric. Needless to say, this wa 

There are many features that go into the british plug, many of which you might not have known about and many that solve issues found in other countries or areas plugs. The earth pin, ok you get the earth is important but some things you may not have noticed. It is longer than the other pins, so that before the live and neutral have a chance to make connection to the mains an earth connection will be established. This is also why it is brass down its entire length. Continuing on from the point above, live and neutral have insulators on the lower half of the pins to prevent electrical shock when p 

I’m assuming that you have experienced the UK plugs before - if you have, you’ll know that they are very sturdy, stand up to years and years of plugging in and out, plus it is much easier to wire in the first place not to mention the fuse is more accessible should it trip. Having lived in the UK for my entire life, I haven’t properly experienced its European counterparts and by extension, its Asian, American, African counterparts… (you get the idea). Although they safety features regarding earth pins are considered superior to its counterparts, the Europeans do have their own plugs which use tw 

Edit to add: Dave Cridland has written an excellent answer which covers off a whole bunch of points that mine doesn’t. In most countries, the electrical wiring is based on a radial arrangement - a single run of cable leaves the consumer unit (fuse box) and feeds one or more sockets. We sometimes use this arrangement here, but it’s uncommon.  Here, most of our electrical wiring is done using an arrangement known as a ring main, where the cable leaves the consumer unit, loops around all the sockets and back to the consumer unit again.  We use this arrangement because it allows you to supply a larger  

It is all about copper! Britian used to have a system of 3 types of plug. 2A, 5A, and 15A, (All at 240V) each wired separately to the fuse board. There were safety concerns because adapters were used to (for example) plug a 5A device into a 15A socket, and a large amount of copper was required to run each socket back to the fuse board. In the 1940s there was a copper shortage and it was decided that a completely new system was required. At the same time the Luftwaffe flattened huge parts of the country. So there was an opportunity to rebuild with a new system. The new system foresaw the prolifera 

My father was an electrician In the 1930s and I cannot remember not knowing about electricity, plugs, sockets, switches and electric lights. In the late 1940s a neighbour moved into a new home that had been wired with the very new ring main system. My father although not then working as an electrician was very interested and showed me (then a schoolboy) how it was set up. Before that power sockets were individually wired back to a central fuse box each or a small group having its own fuse and we had a range of quite simple plugs. The ring main connected all the sockets in a literal ring with o 

The answers given are all good for the electrical side but they don't answer why the plug is so BIG The answer is that the size is deliberate and not for reasons you may think. The plug and the flutes on the side are specifically designed to be able to be gripped and pulled by arthritic hands. This is the only plug in the world with thought given to impaired users (elderly). The designer had observed her parents and grandparents difficulties with earlier generation plugs and the things they did to try and pull them out The pins are big and square so they dont get bent and aren't as painful to st 

Why are there capacitors attached to power lines?
Does a “lighted” light switch (that’s a switch with a LED inside it) send milliamps to ground, since it doesn’t have any neutral connection? Is this to code?
Why are high voltage power lines not insulated?
What is the highest RPM combustion motor ever created?
I think that a more interesting question would have been “What is the highest rpm combustion engine in practical use?” And the answer would have been the incredible, World Championship winning, five cylinder Honda RC148 first ridden by Luigi Taveri in 1966. Here is Luigi in action on the bike:  The RC148 had five, tiny, 25cc cylinders and each one was very slightly different. When spare parts arrived from Japan every piston had to be meticulously filed - by eye - so that it perfectly matched its combustion chamber. Nobby Clarke, who was the only non-Japanese mechanic to work on these bikes, told m 

For combustion engines, revolutions per minute are usually limited by the stresses the internal assembly can take. And weight is a major source of stress. The smaller the engine, the lighter the internal assemblies, the higher they can rev. So while your typical large marine powerplant will typically rev at around 100 RPM, smaller engines will rev faster. The legendary V12 Merlin engine - used in everything from tanks (as the Meteor) to the famed Supermarine Spitfire - could rev to a heady 3,200 RPM, despite its size. Go smaller, and most automobile engines can do between 5,000 to 7,000 RPM. Ro 

With plenty of answers here about two-stroke, model airplane and small motorcycle engines revving past 20,000 RPM, I’m going to intervene and report on what I believe is the highest revving high-powered, four-stroke automobile engine ever produced and actually used. Let’s stick with real engines, not one-off experiments or toys—things like this: BMW Engines in Formula 1's V10 Era.  It revved up to 18,000 RPM and it did it long enough to win Formula 1 races. It had only 3.0 liters of displacement and yet it produced 925 BHP and had a HP/weight ratio of 4.6 HP per pound. Here’s a chart of various engi 

You would definitely be looking at some type of jet turbine aircraft engines RPMs range in the 10,000-100,000+ range depending on size of the engine. Some small experimental models can hit 500,000+ Gas turbine - Wikipedia If you are talking piston engines some motorcycle models have redlines in the 16,500 range. Top 10 highest-revving production bikes The newest Aston Martin/Cosworth V12 can do 11,100 rpm and makes about 1000 hp from 6.5 litres with no forced induction. Aston Martin Valkyrie - Wikipedia For anything with long term reliability do not look for maximum rpm as the most important specifi 

It will depend on what you mean by “combustion motor”, because turbines can spin at nearly unlimited speeds, constrained only by the ability of the materials involved to avoid “spinning apart” from centrifugal force. Most of the time, the actual limits on turbine speed end up being practical things like noise and safety regulations. One time a company I was working on did some experiments on the idea of creating a combustion based battery for a laptop computer which showed that we probably could get away with millions of RPM in principle (and that this is what would be needed for it to supply th 

Off the top of my head, probably the Wankel rotary engine. Old ones could reach 7000 rpm at redline. Newer ones get closer to 10,000. That's by design. Unlike conventional engines that have what's typically referred to as a powerband, rotary engines produce more power as rpms increase. Until they reach the point where the engine blows. But I haven't done extensive research on the matter. I've driven many cars and I've spoken to a few experts on the rotary engine. However, I have yet to drive one of them myself. 395 viewsCeleste Hall, former Tech at Honda (1993-2014)Answered 6 months ago · Author has 2.1K answers and 290.1K answer views

Piston engines start having sealing problems at high speeds, the inertia of the piston rings causes them to “float” and loose seal, piston ring thickness starts to be the defining factor, and the higher the speed the thinner the rings need to be, I recall an engine that never made it past the dyno that red lined at 24000 RPM that had a top compression ring 0.003″ thick, nota sure of the metallurgy on those, bust as I say it never made it past the dyno. 314 views · View upvotes1Eddie Maughan, Electrical and Electronic Engineering Director (1984-present)Answered 7 months ago · Author has 335 answers and 36.5K answer views

When I was a lad in the 60’s and nuts about motorbikes, the norm for a British bike was probably about 4,000rpm for a 4 stroke and maybe 6,000rpm for a 2-stroke. Then came the Japs! An unbelievable at the time 10,000rpm from Honda’s CB250 4-stroke, enabling them to decimate the British motorcycle industry. 309 views2Yeeter ManAnswered 8 months ago

According to traxxas my t-Maxx 2.5 nitro motor can hit a crazy 50,000 rpm. But for the highest I’d have to say some turbine engine spin at incredible speed. Don’t quote me on that though as I know little of turbine motors 370 views · View upvotes2John Nehls, studied at The University of TennesseeAnswered 6 months ago

Capstone Turbine Corp. manufactures jet engine powered electric generators that spin at 96,000 rpm and are capable of burning nearly any type of fuel from natural gas to diesel oil.  This is the 30 kW model. Other models go up to 1000 kW. 268 views · View upvotes2Jonathan Tamm, fitter and machinest,engenering officerAnswered 8 months ago · Author has 5.4K answers and 4.5M answer views

Do Google engineers get tired of interviewing candidates since so many are rejected?
How does Germany produce so many great engineers and scientists?
I’m an Engineer; I’ve lived in Germany for a couple of years, during which time I’ve interacted with hundreds of German engineers; I know - or at least used to know - the German language (*knowledge). Therefore, I think I’m qualified enough to give this question a shot. At the outset, this is one of those questions to which it’s difficult to write a factually correct answer that’s also politically correct and vice versa. Having seen some answers that highlight free education, revered social status of engineers, and so on, I think the politically correct ground has been covered adequately. So, I 

Germany doesn’t produce much more engineers and scientists than other industrialised countries. That’s just branding. For various more or less valid reasons, Germany is considered less deindustrialised than other major developed economies. And as a result, people think that if Germany is more industrial, then it has better engineers and scientists. That’s not the reality. What is an engineer and a scientist ? Mathematicians doing high frequency trading are engineers and scientists too. Just like those who design and produce drugs in the pharma industry. Engineer and scientist are two very loosel 

Look, there’s a German here and I’d just like to share with you my personal, anecdotal experiences. Instead of making up crazy ass theories, putting forth assumptions from hell and intricate guesswork. I have a friend in Beijing who studied automotive engineering and automation technologies (I’m no engineer, those might not be the official names for those fields), he’s Chinese. He’s won several design contests in school and university regarding cars and stuff, used to be part of an official F1-like racing league in China (before his workload became too much to find the time for it anymore), tha 

I’ve worked extensively to research German education and Universities when I was considering a PhD. I spoke to a lot of people and some Germans too. Mature Education System. German engineering education is one of the oldest in the world. They have learnt from their mistakes over the years. They spend the money wisely and efficiently. No flashy sports and entertainment facilities. Stick to the point. Academics and good research and a good selection of classes. Most american universities are too relaxed and too broad in their approach. They dont focus on technical details early on. You dont get s 

I couldn’t read all answers so i hope i won’t tell something twice. The question and the answere i’ve read are really nonsense. Why? I am a german, i’ve studied in germany and so on. Before the ‘belognia’ agreement changed the education system in germany and europe there as different system not comparable to the uk/us system. To find a job you have 3 possibilities after school. you start a vocational education in any kind of business, which takes three yearsyou study at a ‘FH’, which takes aprox. 3 1/2 yearsyou study at a ‘University’ or a ‘Technical University’, which takes apros 5 yearsIt as advis 

It’s a historial tradition that started with the discipline learned within catholicism and the science that comes with it. First German universities were catholic. People may say think “what have to do science with religion?” and there are hundreds of books depicting that relationship where scientists explain how they see God in the details of their own science. Many of those universities in Germany where turned into laicity because of political maneuvers that you can find in the Bible but they kept some of the principles that guide the Church and the most important always is discipline. Now th 

Without getting into the low cost education and respect engineering or science have in Germany as well as many other countries. Germans themselves by nature are a precise productive people, they frown on waste, wasted time, wasted energy, any type of waste at all. Any job a German does they expect precision, completeness, maximum effort, to be late or sit around bullshiting is not common and will no doubt be reported. Almost anything done anywhere that is against the laws or rules or just inappropriate will likely be reported to the authorities or you will get an earful. They are culturally and 

Let me add something to this from the other way around.I am german and an engineer by trade turned serial entrepreneur. I live in the US for almost 10 years now and work with probably the smartest engineers in artificial intelligence. The big difference in one sentence:German engineering mentality is to really want to know and figure out how it works, on a very deep level.Over here, people want to know how it works on a top level only, but they stress you all the time how (whatever it is) can make money quickly.And if you can’t answer that question, they just move on. That has deeper roots  

I lived and worked in Germany as an engineering executive for three years. Here’s what I observed. There are two types of German engineers. (No, this isn’t to be funny.) One type of engineer graduated from an academic university. These are very similar to engineers who are educated in the United States. There are many engineers of this type in Germany, but not nearly as many as the other type. The other type are engineers who graduated from technical universities. These engineers get their bachelors degree in three years. Every class they take is very much hands-on and deep into engineering. The 

While I have never been to or studied in Europe, I have met quite a few German expats including engineers here in the states. I would say the single most important factor for German excellence in engineering as well as many other fields requiring post secondary education is the respect that the common people have for intellectual pursuits. Here in the States, people who make thier living in the sciences are often looked down upon. Just look at the treatment given to the characters in the sit com “The Big Bang Theory” in which the scientists are depicted as obsessive compulsive, infantilized, s 

How many engineers has TCS destroyed?
What is something electrical engineers know that others don't?
Several commenters asked for explanation of these assertions, so I modified the answer and added some reasons: EDIT: Electrical engineers do know: Why electric power is generated, transmitted and delivered in three phasesAs for the 3-phase, the reason is constant power throughput. If you make a graph of power versus time for a 1-phase load, you see a great ripple in the power delivered, same with 2-phase (actually it is a 1-phase load with higher voltage). With 3-phase, due to the simetry of the voltages and currents (all 120 degrees apart) the power delivered is constant, i. e. no ripples, no vi 

1. Did you ever notice gravel beneath and around large transformers (like in the pic)?  ​​​​One of the reasons for this practice is actually "snakes". Yes, you read it right.Large transformers produce substantial vibrations due to magnetostriction which get transmitted to ground. Due to this effect the transformers placed on solid ground attract snakes. To prevent this, transformers are surrounded by gravel which prevents snakes from coming near it. 2. A common ceiling fan (not the BLDC ones) can actually rotate in either direction. It is the capacitor that makes it run in a specific direction ( 

The two most important things which I am going to share even not known by most modern electrical engineers too. Forget physicists. 1. Electricity is NOT ElectronsCurrent don’t exist inside the conductor, as modern electron theory claims. Current exists outside the space of the conductor. Treating current flow as flow of electrons inside conductor analogous to water flowing in pipe is utter hogwash. The idea of electricity as a flow of electrons in a conductor was regarded by Heaviside as a psychosis. Electric Field is a generic term for combination of magnetic and dielectric. Electric Field = D 

Electricity was never invented. It was discovered.Dogs bark at cars’ wheels because the engine produces high-pitch noises that humans can’t hear, but dogs identify as a frightened dog inside.Daylight Savings doesn’t actually save electricity. It still exists because it helps the economy.Have you ever wondered why birds sitting on a power line don’t get electrocuted? If a bird sits on just one power line it is safe. However, if the bird touches another line with a wing or a foot, it creates a circuit, causing the electricity to flow through the bird’s body. This results in electrocution.Enough 

I swear there is NO YELLOW LIGHT here (unless you are reading this on a printed sheet):  Yellow is “made” by monitors by emitting red and green lights. So yellow light is sum of red light and green light, right? Wrong! As I said, there is no yellow light up there not even as the result of some bizarre sum of red light and green light. Only actual red and green. No yellow light whatsoever! Red is the light frequency of 440THz (TeraHertz). Green is 560THz. Yellow is an approximate mid-point, of 520THz. Yellow, as you can see in rainbows, is between red and green:  Our eyes are particularly sensitive to  

These are few things that I find interesting. World Largest Batteries:  This beautiful lake isn’t a lake actually, but a battery. A very large battery.. technically..! The name used by electrical engineers is Pumped Storage Plant. Actually electricity producing companies want to produce large amount of Power because it is more economical that way. However sometimes demand is low and they overshoot the amount of supply. During those times companies want to store extra produced electricity so that it can be used later when demand is high. They do so by pumping water uphill mostly in large reservoir 

These are somethings to know about: We know that AC isn’t just about making coldness, it can be used to make a room hot too because it is a Air conditioning. You can also use an AC as an improvised heater by turning it backwards, so it blows colder air out and hot air in but that would be far from efficient. Also, it adjusts the air velocity and the humidity.We know the reason behind the air conditioning system in ICU room is not just for luxury hospital but to cool the machinery also. Overheating the machinery can cause malfunctions.We know the reason behind why airplane windows always have ro

I am an Electrical Engineer. My family thinks I can work on all the electrical equipment. Be it repairing refrigerator, or seeing what’s wrong with TV. But, ironically, I am not even asked to replace a fused bulb with a new one. So Sad. According to them, I am of no use and I don’t know anything. Well, it might not be true. Or might be true. I am not in touch with my core from quite few years now. But, they have always intrigued me and I miss them, a lot. If An Appliance Is Plugged Into the Wall, But Turned Off, Is It Using Electricity? Yes? No? Well, yes. It does. We assume that when a plugged-in d 

Ever wonder why you ask for a 100W bulb instead of saying that “ bhaiyaji, ek x ohms ka bulb dena!”. Is it wrong to say that? Yes, Because in our Power system we rate devices according to the power consumed and not the resistance( watt = energy consumed in joules/sec). Resistance is constant in the bulb and voltage supply is approx constant in home so power = ( voltage )^2 / Resistance of bulb. So if you say 100W bulb it means that it consumes 100 joules of energy per second. Units used in electrical systems. Please do care about it electrical guys. Always use mA, MVA, kVA, mV instead of KV, KV 

Ground.  This may sound trivial to other electrical engineers, but I take no shame in admitting I was at a layman’s level of understanding till now in my theoretical knowledge of electrical ground. So others from non-electrical background who think that they know clearly the concept of electrical ground in circuits, may read on. I spent days debugging circuit designs and errors in my recent professional days just by the concept of ground and neutral. I think the main reason I was still unclear on these concepts is because of the lack of curiosity and teaching rigour that was attached to fundament 

Can you share some pictures that could only be understood by mathematical engineers ?
Why would the Turks want to go into space if they never had space engineers?
What’s the ugly side of being an engineer?
What are words or phrases that someone in engineering doesn't want to hear?
Engineering is about change. Taking existing designs to the next level or making a design more efficient by using less electricity, as an example. What engineers don’t want to hear is, “we have never done it that way before.” In response to a change in a standard operating procedure. Also, when a low bidder gets awarded a job and then comes back with more work in the form of change orders. This is the old bait and switch, “If you want it done that way you’ll have to give me more money, time or equipment.” Some contractors put in a bid just to get jobs not realizing that they may be the low bid 

Here’s a few that spring to mind: “There’s been a catastrophic failure.” “That’s going to require a detailed flood study and a detailed environmental impact assessment, once you submit them, we can usually get a ruling back within a few months.” “Well, we can probably get the environmental, utility and railroad issues worked out before construction actually has to begin to stay on schedule and we really need to commit this money this fiscal year.” “I found a what appears to be flint shards, bison bones and burned middens over here where the bridge is supposed to go.” “Is that a black capped vireo n 

That’s not an option. Response to engineering’s request to delay launching an unstable product. Or to do more testing. Or almost anything. In fact, we need to pull in the schedule. Just add resources. Delay projects that are going well by pulling people off them, and delay this one even more than it already is while we get the new people up to speed. We need to go with what we have now for the launch. We’ll move to a better platform later. Five years later: What do you mean we can’t do that on this platform? 1K views · View upvotes113Steve Heckman, Manufacturing EngineerUpdated 1 year ago · Author has 3.3K answers and 38.5M answer views

That product we launched last month? They’re all coming back.Me: It will take 3 weeks to finish the design. Boss: you have four days.It failed the “smoke test”It’s not in the budgetMarketing wants it thinner with 2x the battery lifeThe prototype doesn't workThat bridge you designed? Look, it’s on the news!I have a last minute change…   12/15/19 Edit: found this!  

“You should be able to explain your technical issues in plain language “ spoken by people who refuse to look up from their phone or read anything your prepare “You are making it too complicated “ is another one that bugs me. Because it’s typically someone who doesn’t like the answer they are getting. One that I find unacceptable from another engineer is “I assumed …” or “I guessed” without providing specific line of reasoning behind using something as a starting point and providing a way of validating the assumption. 469 views · View upvotes · Answer requested by Vincent Pisano112Promoted by GrammarlyWhat are some good ways to improve English grammar and writing abilities for a non-native speaker?Grammarly, knows EnglishAnswered January 7, 2021Communicating fluently in English is a gradual process, one that takes a lot of practice and time to hone. In the meantime, the learning process can feel daunting: You want to get your meaning across correctly and smoothly, but putting your ideas into writing comes with the pressure of th(Continue reading)Stacey Thibodeaux, 15+ years experience in chemicals, refining, &amp; power genAnswered 1 year ago · Author has 378 answers and 692.3K answer views

Here’s a few fun ones that can ruin a process engineer’s mood: The stripper steam valve failed closedPretty much anything they say when the plant calls you at 2am; it’s never good newsThe heater is making a huffing noiseSome drunk guy ran off the road and hit the nitrogen pipeline so now the supply is cut off to the refinery (yes, really)BLEVEWe lost powerThe hurricane in the Gulf is forecasted to hit your facilityUnplanned outageRunaway reactionWe nominated you to sit in the HAZOP review…for two weeks481 views · View upvotes · Answer requested by Vincent Pisano92A. Aumann, works at CubicAnswered 1 year ago · Author has 203 answers and 451.3K answer views

You asked for 2000 hours for the team to do that? You have 800.You need 6 months for the team to do that? Get it into production in 3 months.We just agreed with the customer to double the scope in the same timeframe.We just agreed the customer that the next version will do it in 1.6 seconds, over a wireless network, anywhere, 100% of the time, you have 3 months to make that happen.The price for that needs to be less than $1m! Where did the price come from? I pulled it out of my hat.The last 2 people who we asked to make this work quit. Now it's yours.Theoretically it could be designed, built, 

Well I am not in engineering and I think a lot of people who are should not be, I work in a mower repair shop. I see all kinds of stupid engineering mistakes. Some times i get so mad at a stupid design that if the person who designed it walked up to me and said “Hey, I designed that.” I would grab the nearest thing I could lay my hands on and ware it out over their head. 99 views · View upvotes1Craig Berard, PE, former Project Manager III at P3I, Inc. (2010-2013)Answered 1 year ago · Author has 328 answers and 160.8K answer views

(Friday before the Monday deadline) The owner just called and changed the design. The deadline hasn’t changed.Overtime is not approved, you still need to meet the deadline.The soil analysis just came back, where you had that sanitation field is all dense clay. I know it’s a tight design but find a way to make it work.The ship carrying that critical custom order from overseas is being held up at the departure port for reason X. This will delay construction by 3–4 weeks.We’re going to have to move those power lines to get the material to the site.The 28 day strength test just came back on that 1

“This cant be done” i think a true engineer (passionate) doesnt want to hear this.why is that? i would like to refer to Edison’s quote. if i fail 1000 times then i have learned 1000 ways to not to do it in that ways.So what we do? we take small steps to get to the roof. means we complete small goals to get the highest one.there is always some solution. may be not a feasible one yet. but time it will be feasible or we will find other feasible ways. 227 views · View upvotes · Answer requested by Vincent Pisano1Isaac Wingfield, Retired After a Long Career of Electronics R&amp;DAnswered 1 year ago · Author has 7.8K answers and 2.2M answer views

Why do engineers use big, old, ugly computers, like huge 15-inch big bulky PCs with CD drives?
Why do engineers use big, old, ugly computers? Do they?  They seem to use computers more like this:   Anyway, to address your question more directly... I once heard Eric Schmidt, former Google CEO, talking about how we're moving into a mobile first world, and that the future is these mobile devices we carry around.  Though the issue with that is that our current mobile software sucks (the devices aren't much better, either--they're kind of fragile and expensive). The software lacks basic features, and feels more like "App: Lite" rather than something comparable to 

Does it look something like this?  This one costs $5000! Those huge laptops are in fact desktop workstation in a laptop form-factor and thus several times more powerful than any MacBook. These are actually called mobile workstations. It has anything you need on a computer. Take any ultrabook, hook a missing external DVD drive, external HDD, USB-to-LAN adapter since it probably only has WiFi, now add USB hub for a mouse or USB key since you have just ran out of USB ports, add adapter to a DVI for an external monitor, better yet get an thunderbolt enclosure for external graphic card… and now you ha 

What are you using your computer for? Are you surfing the web, reading Facebook posts, and sending emails? Something as simple as a phone or tablet can do all of these things and more. Are you writing cutting edge code that needs to run on many different kinds of computers? Then you need something that can run multiple virtual machines. Are you designing complex mechanical parts with micron tolerances and weird pressure or temperature differentials? Then you need some serious horsepower to do the rendering and simulations. Me? I often have a dozen documents open and huge programs I am writing a 

My home work desktop is as tall as my desk, wide, has a case full of fans, and still gets so hot that sometimes I have to shut it down and find a new way to chill it.  Most university students use laptops for word, maybe excel, access, spss, or other very simple tools. But not engineering. My ideal set up is 3 monitors over 21" each. You need real estate, space to have solid modeling applications up, matlab, your IDE of choice, documents, reference sheets, etc up all at once while you work. These disciplines require a lot of work from many angles of your mind, bringing together hoards of inform 

Does it look something like this? A Lenovo Thinkpad X60, R400, T400, or T500 that was built some time before 2008?  Unlike the other answers, these ugly-looking computers aren’t being used for performance or a better GPU - it’s for security and freedom. Back in 2006, Intel added a system called the “Management Engine” which allows remote access to and full control over the PC that it’s running on. It’s a physically separate processor which cannot be removed, modified (by anyone other than Intel), or inspected to know exactly what it does. Furthermore, it has been the subject of multiple vulnerab 

There are a couple reasons engineers might want to buck some of the recent trends in home computing. This sort of depends upon what kind of engineer you’re talking about. (Money is not one of these reasons: engineers have high starting salaries, compared to the average bachelor’s degree holder from a liberal arts school.) An engineer with any kind of background in computers will probably have an interest in repairing his or her own machine. (It doesn’t take an engineer to do this, of course: basic computer repair is pretty straightforward; however, technically minded people tend to be willing t 

To make the proper analogy: your Macbook is a base model Lexus, but the Engineering students are using Dodge Charger Hellcats.  Your car looks nice and feels nice, but it lacks even a hint of actual power. The Charger may be big and possibly even a bit ugly, but it is one thing: fast as hell. Moving away from that analogy, the engineering students will often be using laptops that are cheaper than your Macbook, since despite your Mac being really nice looking, it performs like shit for any graphically intensive applications - something Mechanical Engineers, among others, need. Apple’s cheapest lap 

Oh, I know a lot of engineers that use Mac's for CAD.  There are a couple of inconveniences to this: First most CAD applications are written using Windows foundation classes and require robust address retrieval so the first preference of the vendors is to have Windows Professional x64.  Also, most CAD applications require a full OpenGL implementation for graphics acceleration and Mac's only have a couple of options for video cards.That said, you can run Solidworks or Inventor on a Mac if you install Windows 7 under Bootcamp.  (No hardware acceleration running it through parallels)So for hom 

If the computers (laptop? The question isn’t clear whether it’s a laptop or a desktop. We can only infer) used by the engineers — and by “engineers” I’m assuming you mean professors, since engineering students aren’t called engineers until they receive their degrees — are really “old” then the answer might be a pernicious little fact-of-business called the depreciation cycle. In large institutions, especially public institutions, computers are considered durable goods and must be depreciated over several years — often 5 or 6 years. Unlike snowflakes with rich, helicopter parents who can get the 

I use a 17 inch Lenovo Laptop running Linux and I often run out of RAM with 8GB already. Kinda happens when you need to simulate a SPARC machine for testing code. Did I mention FPGA synthesis? Tiny bit of code takes about 10 minutes to compile on my laptop. Why? Not enough CPU power. Would a MacBook Pro (product) be better suited? Most likely not. Would any laptop be capable enough? Sure, but I don't like carrying this thing around already, let alone a proper Mobile Workstation. Solution? Intel Xeon-based desktop workstation and small light laptop (looking at the Dell XPS 13 in my case, since it  

Why are people with a high IQ always from the engineering profession?
I don't know,my neighbours 46 year old son has studied mechanical engineering at University yet he can't work out how come my lawnmower starts easier now. His dad said that I rebuilt the engine,well I fitted new piston rings into it over christmas time last year as it was burning oil &amp; it had lost compression. Note my IQ is said to be 135 yet I got bored at school so I studied a few tech courses including an automotive course on the side as a part of my higher school certificate because I wasn't getting the subjects at school like my neighbours son was getting at school. Now,he likely has a 140+  

First let’s clear up the misconception that only STEM (engineering) has high IQ individuals. Even my nifty chart I often use has Philosophy just below Physics, and above Engineering How does the IQ of undergraduate engineering students compare to students pursuing other types of studies?If this chart is accurate, it is only showing the average for each major anyway. And the average IQ of humanities courses is only 5–6 points below Engineering, so it not like they are populated with stupid people. One thing though: Engineering has a reputation for being difficult because you really can’t get away  

Why are people with a high IQ always from the engineering profession? I’m not sure if you’re baiting non-engineers or if you really think this, but I’ll answer anyway. I live in the Seattle area where, between Microsoft, Boeing, Amazon, and other tech and medical research companies, it seems like every third person is an engineer. My dad was an engineer. One of my earliest memories is of him teaching me how to use a slide rule before I even knew how to read. My ex-husband is an engineer. I know a LOT of engineers, and I can tell you—some engineers are smarter than others. And some non-engineers 

You’ve gotten from the other answers that they’re not always in engineering. That’s because having a high IQ means there are many subjects you are good at; you routinely ace all the science, math, English, history, etc. courses you take. As such, there are a lot of different professions in which you would excel, including but not limited to engineering. Many will choose engineering for the mental challenges of the profession, as well as the likelihood they will be able to work alongside other gifted individuals. But that does not mean they would not be challenged in another career. My sister’s  

Depends what you want surely. If your aim in life is to have fun, learn interesting stuff and relax why would you take Engineering at uni? I am reasonably smart. My degree is in Anthropology and Geography. I spent a lot of uni in bed, watching telly or arguing about Sahlins in the Anthropology common room. Through doing the minimum amount of work conceivable I got a 2:1. I then went on to teach geography for a while before taking some time to hitchhike round the US and stay with a girl I met in a club in London. Then I joined the IT graduate program at JPMorgan and now I am global head of DB secu 

It would make sense that over the last 100 years or so there has been a greater and greater concentration of high IQ people appearing within the hard sciences and engineering. Simply because they have to do something with their lives and choose a college major in order to secure a future and live comfortably. But there are English majors with IQs of 150, and high IQ people to be found in all professions. Except that there is less of a concentration of them than there is in engineering. From your vantage point, it may appear as though all high IQ people are in engineering because those are the on 

They are not all engineers. The brightest go into physics, mathematics, and astronomy. All STEM fields demand high IQ. A low IQ person will struggle to obtain even a mediocre degree in STEM and will be overwhelmed by the tasks in STEM professions. Of course, any bright person can choose to enter an easier career. I recall that (long ago) I found a guy on the Forbes 400 list who made his fortune trimming trees. He was probably brighter than his competition. He managed to get huge contracts doing highway tree maintenance for state and local governments. When a very bright person is working in a f 

In my experience, the smartest students were the ones who were entirely unprepared for the hard work that the engineering program required. I started through with a number of 4.0 students in my EE program. There was one left in my senior class and he was assigned to my design team. He was completely worthless as an engineer so we had him write the report. Engineering is hard work first. If you have someone with slightly above average intelligence and a good work ethic, they can finish well. Highly intelligent people coming from most secondary schools are not accustomed to hard work. Most have n 

They aren’t. You think doctors are mentally deficient? I am married to an intelligent man who is a Civil engineer. He is married to a woman who founded a business has run it successfully for 47 years and guess what we are both people with high IQs ( per the tests). I have a friend with a super high IQ She is a vet. Our daughter tested ( for what it is worth) over 150 and she is a vet. she tested slightly higher than our son who is a civil engineer. I know an absolutely brilliant historian, she has 2 PHDs she earned simultaneously. One in history and one in Chemistry. I would suggest you need to 

I’m an engineer and my IQ might seem high to some. The person with the highest IQ with whom I’ve ever had the pleasure of having an extended conversation had two PhDs: The first in psychology, the second in political science. He was also a best-selling author. He was also a member of a committee that advised President Reagan on space policy. And he also wrote a column on computers for the old Byte magazine. I’m sure he could have been a great engineer had he wanted to, but as you can see, at least technically, he wasn’t an engineer. So, people with high IQs aren’t always from the engineering pro 

Why don't engineers unionize?
Is C++ fast?
Well written C++ code can produce some of the fastest executable code possible for a non-assembly language. That honor used to be held by C, but various optimization improvements in the compilers actually resulted in the compilers themselves now being written in C++ rather than C. However the speed is not always a given. The default C++ file io mechanism, standard streams, is actually slower/worse than some scripting languages, by default. There is a somewhat religious war between people who believe you should use std::cin and std::cout and those who find them so agonizingly slow that they prefe 

In teaching, there is a concept called “lies for children.” It means that sometimes we give a simple answer to a complicated question, even though that answer is technically a lie. The answer to your question is “yes, C++ is fast.” If the purpose of the question is to decide whether learning C++ is a good idea, then this answer is sufficient. The adult answer looks more like this: “If you are working on a complex problem, with difficult performance constraints, then C++ is likely the best tool for the job.” C++’s strength is that it has a huge variety of knobs, levers, widgets, and gadgets, whic 

Way back, in 2002, the excellent Joel Spolsky - Wikipedia wrote a post on his blog in which he implied that C is faster than C++. At that time, and essentially to this day, C is considered by many to be the fastest general purpose programming language in most cases. So Joel was basically restating something which was considered to be “common knowledge”. I, however, disagreed, and wrote so in a response on Joel’s forum (which was a very active place at the time, relatively speaking). In my response I explain that because C++ is primarily a superset of C, it’s by definition as fast as C when you 

According to Albert Einstein nothing is faster than the speed of light. Also, the speed of light is a universal constant c whose value is 299,792,458 m/s. No, I am not wrong, keep reading and you will see. According to special relativity, c is the maximum speed at which all conventional matter and hence all known forms of information in the universe can travel. Though this speed is most commonly associated with light, it is in fact the speed at which all massless particles and changes of the associated fields travel in vacuum (including electromagnetic radiation and gravitational waves). On this  

C++ just like any other language is not fast.; The thing that makes languages produce faster or slower code is the compiler or more formally the translator. The C++ language makes it easier for the compiler to translate into fast machine code. The closer relationship between the machine code and language is why C++, C, Java, Objective C, C# etc are all so similar and faster than most others. However some languages like Python aren’t usually compiled at all, they are executed line by line by interpreters, which means a loop going round ten times, has ten translation overheads. But you can compile P 

Thank you for the A2A. There are lots of good answers here, so I’ll try to be relatively brief. Modern optimizing compilers are awfully good. Pretty much any compiled language (and even some interpreted ones) has the potential to be quite fast. And of course the algorithms that a developer chooses can have a much greater impact on performance than the language the code is written in. That being said, C++ does have some features that give it the capability of producing very fast code: The nature of C++ doesn’t require the runtime library to do any real background activities of its own. For example

I’m not entirely sure it is faster. It’s certainly fast, if you have time to navigate through its maze of features to create a template that will compile to something fast — but here, you ultimately trade the size of the resulting binary for speed. Sometimes you need to do that, but I can’t help but think that C++ isn’t exactly the best way to do that. There’s one way where C++ certainly isn’t faster: it’s not faster when you have to go from zero to something functional. C++ is so complex — and much of this complexity is accidental, rather than essential — that you have to spend a lot of time f 

Not even remotely. C++, the language, is much slower to type in than most modern languages, with all those extra characters and all that extra boilerplate to do relatively simple things, and most of all, C++ may very well be the slowest compiling language of all “real” languages, even intellisense is slower. Especially if the word “metaprogramming” makes you rub your hands in glee. If we’re strictly talking about C++, then we’re strictly talking about the language. The opcodes the compiler and linker spit out aren’t important, since in the end you can somehow generate the same stream of machine 

Faster than what? If you’re talking about other languages like Java, Javascript, Python, C#, etc…, then it’s easy: C++ doesn’t waste a bunch of time trying to out-think the developer. No Garbage Collector - Doing your own memory management means you have to be a little more careful, but it also means you save a lot of time that a garbage collector usually wastes trying to clean up the heap.No Virtual Machine Interface - Sure, you have to recompile your code for each target system, and you have to tune your code on that system, but your code doesn’t have to get dynamically recompiled at runtime 

(I assume, that you mean “fast” in the sense to execute the process (to compute) as “fast” as possible.) Any programming language has to have syntax, semantics, and the application environment. Semantics is important from the point of view that you want to match your (brain) ideas with the expresiveness of the language. You want to simulate the idea using the programming language. Syntax helps you to express the idea nicely, concisely. And the environment allows you to run that simulated ideas in the simulation environment. This is the core. Now, it depend how all of that is glued together, how 

Why do people love the Linux operating system?
Why do people love the Linux operating system?
Using Linux feels free, like in “Freedom”. It’s hard to explain. Sometimes things can be tricky (like getting a program that was written for Windows to run in Linux — possible, but not always easy), but I liken it to living in the mountains or out of civilization somewhere — the fresh air, the open space, the quiet; it’s hard to give that up once you’ve lived with it for a while.Using Linux is free, like in “no cost”. This is easy to explain. You never have to worry about the version of an app you’re using going obsolete and having to buy the next version. You never have to worry about paying 

I love Linux, I mean True love, the same way a mother loves its child. I started using Linux, because I thought , Oh i’ll give it a try. I found that, being interested in computers helped, it was quite a steep learning curve for me, as my first linux ever was ArchLinux. anyway after install my old machine just went like greased lightening, not only that but i managed to install something called awesome window manager…and i made it look real cool, so linux was highly configurable and could be greatly manipulated. over time i learned about lots of tools to do exciting things like port scanning, or d 

I'm the kind of person who spends his free time programming. For me, Linux is extremely useful, and I use it on a day to day basis. Open Source: Now Linux is completely open-source, meaning that I can change and modify the operating system on my will. In windows and Mac a lot of things are fixed by Microsoft and Apple respectively, and the only way to really ‘correct’ bugs is to report them, which may take quite a while to be resolved. So, if you look at it from a programmer’s perspective, Linux is perfect. Command Line: Other than that I program the raspberry Pi, so having a terminal that can s 

Why do people love Linux ? I will try to answer it. Try to uninstall Internet Explorer from your machine. If you buy a non microsoft verified laptop, with all these ad crapware and spyware software. Try to uninstall everything. You think you have succeeded ? Have you had a look at your process list ? What do you mean it is still there ? yes, that is right. Uninstall Notepad, not possible ? It is your computer, what do you mean there is noway to remove or replace Control Panel? When you look at your process list. Do you know what every process does ? Can you find out what they all are ? Do you kn 

Why settle for this:  Anandapur Ice Cream Truck: Disney's Animal Kingdom Theme Park, Orlando, Florida when you could have this:  Night markets in Taiwan Most people use computers the way most people play tourist, seeing a sanitized version of the world designed to be carefree, simple, and safe.   They want a clean keyboard, a nimble mouse, and a thick piece of glass between themselves and reality. Oh, and maybe a friend to guide them along, and offer suggestions:  But for them, the computer is a first-person, one on one experience. Nothing happens until you point at it and click. And if something bad ha 

For one thing, because I like living in a world where you have choices, and that goes for computers as well as anything else. You can choose Windows, you can choose macOS, or you can choose Linux. The fact that Linux is free is an added bonus in its favor. It’s only been in the last couple of years that I’ve used Linux as an everyday OS. I’ve tinkered with it for more than 15 years, but even the most user-friendly versions weren’t very much so until about four or five years ago. I could have still learned, but in those days, I didn’t have the time, and I also worked at jobs that uses exclusivel 

My desktop. Debian Stretch. Up time: 312 days.  It is, basically, better. In every possible way. For example: Linux FUSE (Filesystem in Userspace) You can do crazy things with itWould you like to mount .zip archive asa folder? Every added/removed file will automatically be added to your archive. I personally store my photo archives in a tar.gz archive so it can be easily shared between systems.Would you like to securely mount remote folder over ssh so it will be accessible as a simple folder? Easily. Just use sshfs.You can implement your own file systems, for example:You can make persistent stora

In short - I like EVERYTHING about Linux! In details - There is no autopilot. I am the king of my machine.I can install it on computers with any configuration. No matter how powerful/old your system is, Linux will work.Everything stuff just works. No hunting for obscure firmware etc. Just plug and play, and it works.It's absolutely free. That includes price, ability to modify the code to your own specs, etc. No restrictive licensing, etc.The freedom to edit my GUI (the interface of the OS) however I see fit without worries about end user license agreements.A huge selection of applications, tools

Over 10 years ago I used a single computer as a file server, e-mail server, ran my web desktop and had performance and responsiveness left to either run full screen interactive games or burn a CD/DVD. I no longer buy desktops. A Core i5 laptop is more than enough for everything I need to do, except I need another old laptop as my makeshift server (that is kept connected to my LAN/Internet). Linux itself isn’t bloated with ANYTHING. Some GUI desktops are a little bloated (I’m using KDE right now, certainly partially qualifies) but since linux distros are meant to be useable with 10 year old compu 

I’m not an IT pro - a home user, but Linux does have it’s purposes and advantages for me. Firstly, Windows is easy to use, and I use it most of the time. My mother in her 80’s can use it, as can my wife’s uncle who is in his 90’s. If you have recent hardware it works well for the best part. The problem with Linux based systems is the learning curve (steep) and as a home user, it rather feels like Windows 3.1 of 20+ years ago in that you have to dive into the command line to achieve some tasks, requiring a learning curve (unless you were brought up on 3.1 of course :) ) Where I use Linux at home  

How difficult is Computer Engineering?
My BS is in Computer Engineering, MS in Computer Science, and PhD in Electrical Engineering. So I’ll answer this question from my experience in all three fields, and I’ll assume this is for choosing an undergraduate major at a US college. From a Bachelor standpoint, my personal view is that computer engineering is a medium level difficulty in terms of taking quantitative and technical courses, with computer science being easier and electrical engineering being harder. All three majors overlap each other in a lot of ways. Quantitative Courses For most universities, computer engineering will requir 

First of all try to understand that none of the Engineering major is difficult or easy. It's totally up to you how you deal with it. Talking about Computer Engineering, Probably it is the easiest of all other fields available in engineering. Major part of it deals with programming. So, if you are familiar with coding your interest can be easily developed there and you will love what you are doing in this stream. If you are from non programming background, still you have chance to learn it (Basic Programming Languages like C,C++,Java) and to get excel in that. But once again, Computer Engineering 

Computer engineering is one of the most trending fields in education. Engineering is one of the most emerging fields. Computer engineering is becoming one of the most popular choices for a lot of reasons. Here is why people prefer computer engineering over the other disciples of engineering: · Job opportunities- computer engineering provides a lot of job opportunities. As a single field can help students to get into diverse fields, this is why students can choose their own field and career choice · Desk job- Unlike the other jobs, Computer engineers will require working in a proper office and ther 

What is hard and what is easy is relative to the person. I used to find reading books extremely hard growing up, while my friends read 3–4 books a month. On the other hand, I was extremely good at math and computational analysis. So computer engineering is like candy for me, I was just wired to understand it while I have seen people in my class struggle to code/understand certain concepts. And yet, they were exceptional in other areas of their respective studies. So the real question is “How difficult is computer engineering for me?” For that you need to answer some questions: Are you an analytic

Super easy. I got straight A’s, extra credits for correcting mistakes in the professor’s question on final exams, and I finished semester-long projects in under a week. …and if you take that at face value, you are going to be in trouble. Like any discipline, it depends on how much passion you have for it, and to some degree your innate ability. The REAL answer is that it is about as difficult as any other engineering discipline; no more, no less. Most people find the math requirements to be the most difficult parts. You will need to do about 3 semesters of calculus, one of differential equations 

It's as difficult as any engineering course: You have a lot of math and physics subjects. It's as difficult as any electrical engineering course: You have digital systems, circuit analysis, embedded systems, dynamical system control subjects. It's as difficult as any computer science course: There is a lot of algorithm techniques, design of modern computers, operating system, networks and theoretical things to learn. It's hard, it takes a lot of time, you'll have thousand of practical assignments, exercises to solve, papers to write. You see people giving up in the middle of the journey, others s 

It's not difficult at all.  How can I say it? I am a biotech graduate, finance post graduate, worked as a computer programmer and now owns a tech company.  Why did I do that? Because I was interested in programming and due to lack of correct guidance chose to do other things. Except computer programming, everything else was difficult and required some efforts. Computer programming was easier for me. So will it be easier for you too? You tell me that. In fact don't tell me at all. Tell it to yourself. Can you see yourself as a computer engineer at the end? And did you like being one? If you do, it'll 

Any engineering in general is not an easy degree (it is the toughest degree after all).  Top 10 Easiest and Hardest College Degree Majors However, if you have a pre-disposition towards understanding technical topics you will be able to comprehend. Try to not get into any sort of engineering if you don't have the passion to pursue that field, you will never have the right mojo. Some subjects may simply not be interesting and getting through them will become a chore (my bane was Control Theory! everyone I know has 1 or 2). If you stick and persevere and persevere and persevere!  you will join one  

Questions like this are always hard to answer because the answer is very subjective. For me, the answer is that Computer Engineering is very hard. I would prefer Computer Science or Civil Engineering because they appeal to my particular set of problem solving skills in terms of logic and structure. Your answer will be different. Computer Engineering is a very interesting field (even for me). There is a separate set of challenges that deal with the integration of hardware and software, electronic circuits, design of logic circuits, and even intelligent designs. I would encourage you to look more  

At First, lemme tell you nothing is easy or difficult. It's entirely upon you that how you cope with some challenges. Main thing, if you are passionate about learning computer skills then you can go for it. If you are not passionate &amp; only willing to choose Computer Engineering field then better to have a little research about it. Writing course contents will not make you understand how difficult or easy is computer engineering. That's why I am not writing anything about that. Have a good future ahead! Cheers! :) 149 views · View upvotes1Dan Ruskin, Principal Software Engineer (1999-present)Answered 1 year ago

Has anyone built their own CPU before? How long did it take, and what resources did you use?
The Parallax Propeller is an interested example of essentially one person doing the full design cycle for a CPU from start to finish. It took 10 years total, 2 years of which were layout. This is just about as custom as it gets. On the other end of the spectrum, a “me too” CPU based on an existing architecture can be brought to market in less than a year. All of the component designs are licensed from vendors and combined with small amounts of “glue logic”. The layout (where transistors and wires go on the chip) is done automatically by software tools. A student with your experience would be abl 

Well, I’m pretty sure I built an ALU as part of a lab course, circa 1974, and I wrote some of the microcode for an avionic processor circa 1983. That processor consisted of maybe 200 ECL flatpack MSI chips, wave soldered onto a 16-layer circuit board - the board design was probably harder than the circuit design, and the hardest problem was designing in the heat conduction paths, to get heat to the edges for transfer to the cooling system. That processor was probably comparable to an 8080, operating at 4.5Mips (yes M) - which was blinding fast for those days. Today, my watch has more horsepowe 

It really depends on what your end goal is here. If you want to design, test and run your CPU, you can definitely do that. All you need is an FPGA board. If you don’t like to start from scratch, you can download HDL files for an open architecture design, chuck it into the FPGA, make your changes and be done with it. You would pretty much be able to run your own code. If you have a PCI based FPGA board, and once you are done with the design and test phase, you can use it as a co-processor for your custom applications. This is somewhat opposite to a few popular answers here. If you intend to write 

We did this as part of the labs in my basic computer science course at Uni. We got discreet components such as ALU, registers, memory, output units in the form of LEDs, inputs in the for of switches etc. and had to connect it all together, write the microcode for the instructions and then some basic programs in assembler to demonstrate that the CPU was working. To build everything from basic gates would have been extremely space and time consuming and was not feasible for a computer lab. Today it's much easier to create your own CPU or modify one to suit your own needs. There are companies that 

There are basically two jobs to be done: Design a CPU.Physically build it.Designing a CPU at home is possible, and I think everyone should try it at least once. You could use Verilog or VHDL, or create a cycle-accurate emulation using some “regular” programming language such as C. While the last idea might look strange in the first sight, it is actually quite good due to great debugging options and speed of compilation. The speed of the CPU emulation then will also be great. The physical implementation is going to be a harder task though … Building an ASIC requires very expensive and resource hung 

I don’t know you’re talking about building CPU on such simulation platforms(such as Logisim) or building it physcially but I’ll talk about the simulation. As expected you have to have knowledge about the Digital Circuits, Computer Organization, Computer Architecture and Microprocessor Systems. Personally I, built CPU for our Computer Organization class last year. I took one semester but if I sum up the development part of CPU, it would be just a week.(If I knew the basics before it would take a week) Mono’s book for Digital Design and Computer Organization are good resources to understand the  

We used to give a course that teaches undergrads to build a non-pipelined CPU. The course takes two weeks and students come with no prior knowledge. The machine in question is nearly literaly the one from the book System Architecture - An Ordinary Engineering Discipline, which in the first section features a cookbook style recipe for building a simple processor. We also had students implement our more complex processors, i.e., pipelined parallel processors with a sequentially consistent shared cache system, from the book A Pipelined Multi-core MIPS Machine. Again, cookbook style recipe for build 

The Intel 8080 has many move instructions. A friend mentioned, that if one would push this further, one would arrive at the move-only computer. I found this an interesting idea and suggested, that he should exploit it. He was not interested. So I decided to make a demo. I did it with some plug boards. It had only 8 bits. But all the essential elements were there. It had multilevel indirect addressing, conditional jumps. Arithmetic operations were implemented using memory mapped external devices. To do an addition, one operand was moved to the x-register, the other to the y-register and the resu 

Megaprocessor Currently housed at the Centre for Computing History, in Cambridge, UK. It’s a fully functional CPU writ large; it takes up most of two walls of the atrium. It’s great to see all the blinkenlights, and you can even play a very basic game of Tetris on it. I’m told it took a total of 5 years, and £40,000 to build, and certainly won’t be able to fit into any modern computers. If you plan to build one yourself, I doubt you’d be able to do much better without finding a fab that would let you do a very limited run, and even then it’d likely cost you on the order of tens, if not hundreds o 

No few have built a CPU. A CPU in a home computer is an IC, an integrated circuit and the most basic device takes lots of high tech gear. Intel spent $600 million to get their first 486 CPU in 90s. Typical IC manufacturing plant cost $2 billion to get running. Now in old main frame computers the CPU was often a rack, a complete rack full of boards with discrete ICs and components. It did take a lot of work, but could be done in ones garage. Now if you are asking have I built a computer using a microprocessor as CPU, the answer is yes, did in late 70s when learning about microprocessors. Was easy 

Why do people love the Linux operating system?
Using Linux feels free, like in “Freedom”. It’s hard to explain. Sometimes things can be tricky (like getting a program that was written for Windows to run in Linux — possible, but not always easy), but I liken it to living in the mountains or out of civilization somewhere — the fresh air, the open space, the quiet; it’s hard to give that up once you’ve lived with it for a while.Using Linux is free, like in “no cost”. This is easy to explain. You never have to worry about the version of an app you’re using going obsolete and having to buy the next version. You never have to worry about paying 

I love Linux, I mean True love, the same way a mother loves its child. I started using Linux, because I thought , Oh i’ll give it a try. I found that, being interested in computers helped, it was quite a steep learning curve for me, as my first linux ever was ArchLinux. anyway after install my old machine just went like greased lightening, not only that but i managed to install something called awesome window manager…and i made it look real cool, so linux was highly configurable and could be greatly manipulated. over time i learned about lots of tools to do exciting things like port scanning, or d 

I'm the kind of person who spends his free time programming. For me, Linux is extremely useful, and I use it on a day to day basis. Open Source: Now Linux is completely open-source, meaning that I can change and modify the operating system on my will. In windows and Mac a lot of things are fixed by Microsoft and Apple respectively, and the only way to really ‘correct’ bugs is to report them, which may take quite a while to be resolved. So, if you look at it from a programmer’s perspective, Linux is perfect. Command Line: Other than that I program the raspberry Pi, so having a terminal that can s 

Why do people love Linux ? I will try to answer it. Try to uninstall Internet Explorer from your machine. If you buy a non microsoft verified laptop, with all these ad crapware and spyware software. Try to uninstall everything. You think you have succeeded ? Have you had a look at your process list ? What do you mean it is still there ? yes, that is right. Uninstall Notepad, not possible ? It is your computer, what do you mean there is noway to remove or replace Control Panel? When you look at your process list. Do you know what every process does ? Can you find out what they all are ? Do you kn 

Why settle for this:  Anandapur Ice Cream Truck: Disney's Animal Kingdom Theme Park, Orlando, Florida when you could have this:  Night markets in Taiwan Most people use computers the way most people play tourist, seeing a sanitized version of the world designed to be carefree, simple, and safe.   They want a clean keyboard, a nimble mouse, and a thick piece of glass between themselves and reality. Oh, and maybe a friend to guide them along, and offer suggestions:  But for them, the computer is a first-person, one on one experience. Nothing happens until you point at it and click. And if something bad ha 

For one thing, because I like living in a world where you have choices, and that goes for computers as well as anything else. You can choose Windows, you can choose macOS, or you can choose Linux. The fact that Linux is free is an added bonus in its favor. It’s only been in the last couple of years that I’ve used Linux as an everyday OS. I’ve tinkered with it for more than 15 years, but even the most user-friendly versions weren’t very much so until about four or five years ago. I could have still learned, but in those days, I didn’t have the time, and I also worked at jobs that uses exclusivel 

My desktop. Debian Stretch. Up time: 312 days.  It is, basically, better. In every possible way. For example: Linux FUSE (Filesystem in Userspace) You can do crazy things with itWould you like to mount .zip archive asa folder? Every added/removed file will automatically be added to your archive. I personally store my photo archives in a tar.gz archive so it can be easily shared between systems.Would you like to securely mount remote folder over ssh so it will be accessible as a simple folder? Easily. Just use sshfs.You can implement your own file systems, for example:You can make persistent stora

In short - I like EVERYTHING about Linux! In details - There is no autopilot. I am the king of my machine.I can install it on computers with any configuration. No matter how powerful/old your system is, Linux will work.Everything stuff just works. No hunting for obscure firmware etc. Just plug and play, and it works.It's absolutely free. That includes price, ability to modify the code to your own specs, etc. No restrictive licensing, etc.The freedom to edit my GUI (the interface of the OS) however I see fit without worries about end user license agreements.A huge selection of applications, tools

Over 10 years ago I used a single computer as a file server, e-mail server, ran my web desktop and had performance and responsiveness left to either run full screen interactive games or burn a CD/DVD. I no longer buy desktops. A Core i5 laptop is more than enough for everything I need to do, except I need another old laptop as my makeshift server (that is kept connected to my LAN/Internet). Linux itself isn’t bloated with ANYTHING. Some GUI desktops are a little bloated (I’m using KDE right now, certainly partially qualifies) but since linux distros are meant to be useable with 10 year old compu 

I’m not an IT pro - a home user, but Linux does have it’s purposes and advantages for me. Firstly, Windows is easy to use, and I use it most of the time. My mother in her 80’s can use it, as can my wife’s uncle who is in his 90’s. If you have recent hardware it works well for the best part. The problem with Linux based systems is the learning curve (steep) and as a home user, it rather feels like Windows 3.1 of 20+ years ago in that you have to dive into the command line to achieve some tasks, requiring a learning curve (unless you were brought up on 3.1 of course :) ) Where I use Linux at home  

Silicon Valley: 
Is C++ fast?
Well written C++ code can produce some of the fastest executable code possible for a non-assembly language. That honor used to be held by C, but various optimization improvements in the compilers actually resulted in the compilers themselves now being written in C++ rather than C. However the speed is not always a given. The default C++ file io mechanism, standard streams, is actually slower/worse than some scripting languages, by default. There is a somewhat religious war between people who believe you should use std::cin and std::cout and those who find them so agonizingly slow that they prefe 

In teaching, there is a concept called “lies for children.” It means that sometimes we give a simple answer to a complicated question, even though that answer is technically a lie. The answer to your question is “yes, C++ is fast.” If the purpose of the question is to decide whether learning C++ is a good idea, then this answer is sufficient. The adult answer looks more like this: “If you are working on a complex problem, with difficult performance constraints, then C++ is likely the best tool for the job.” C++’s strength is that it has a huge variety of knobs, levers, widgets, and gadgets, whic 

Way back, in 2002, the excellent Joel Spolsky - Wikipedia wrote a post on his blog in which he implied that C is faster than C++. At that time, and essentially to this day, C is considered by many to be the fastest general purpose programming language in most cases. So Joel was basically restating something which was considered to be “common knowledge”. I, however, disagreed, and wrote so in a response on Joel’s forum (which was a very active place at the time, relatively speaking). In my response I explain that because C++ is primarily a superset of C, it’s by definition as fast as C when you 

According to Albert Einstein nothing is faster than the speed of light. Also, the speed of light is a universal constant c whose value is 299,792,458 m/s. No, I am not wrong, keep reading and you will see. According to special relativity, c is the maximum speed at which all conventional matter and hence all known forms of information in the universe can travel. Though this speed is most commonly associated with light, it is in fact the speed at which all massless particles and changes of the associated fields travel in vacuum (including electromagnetic radiation and gravitational waves). On this  

C++ just like any other language is not fast.; The thing that makes languages produce faster or slower code is the compiler or more formally the translator. The C++ language makes it easier for the compiler to translate into fast machine code. The closer relationship between the machine code and language is why C++, C, Java, Objective C, C# etc are all so similar and faster than most others. However some languages like Python aren’t usually compiled at all, they are executed line by line by interpreters, which means a loop going round ten times, has ten translation overheads. But you can compile P 

Thank you for the A2A. There are lots of good answers here, so I’ll try to be relatively brief. Modern optimizing compilers are awfully good. Pretty much any compiled language (and even some interpreted ones) has the potential to be quite fast. And of course the algorithms that a developer chooses can have a much greater impact on performance than the language the code is written in. That being said, C++ does have some features that give it the capability of producing very fast code: The nature of C++ doesn’t require the runtime library to do any real background activities of its own. For example

I’m not entirely sure it is faster. It’s certainly fast, if you have time to navigate through its maze of features to create a template that will compile to something fast — but here, you ultimately trade the size of the resulting binary for speed. Sometimes you need to do that, but I can’t help but think that C++ isn’t exactly the best way to do that. There’s one way where C++ certainly isn’t faster: it’s not faster when you have to go from zero to something functional. C++ is so complex — and much of this complexity is accidental, rather than essential — that you have to spend a lot of time f 

Not even remotely. C++, the language, is much slower to type in than most modern languages, with all those extra characters and all that extra boilerplate to do relatively simple things, and most of all, C++ may very well be the slowest compiling language of all “real” languages, even intellisense is slower. Especially if the word “metaprogramming” makes you rub your hands in glee. If we’re strictly talking about C++, then we’re strictly talking about the language. The opcodes the compiler and linker spit out aren’t important, since in the end you can somehow generate the same stream of machine 

Faster than what? If you’re talking about other languages like Java, Javascript, Python, C#, etc…, then it’s easy: C++ doesn’t waste a bunch of time trying to out-think the developer. No Garbage Collector - Doing your own memory management means you have to be a little more careful, but it also means you save a lot of time that a garbage collector usually wastes trying to clean up the heap.No Virtual Machine Interface - Sure, you have to recompile your code for each target system, and you have to tune your code on that system, but your code doesn’t have to get dynamically recompiled at runtime 

(I assume, that you mean “fast” in the sense to execute the process (to compute) as “fast” as possible.) Any programming language has to have syntax, semantics, and the application environment. Semantics is important from the point of view that you want to match your (brain) ideas with the expresiveness of the language. You want to simulate the idea using the programming language. Syntax helps you to express the idea nicely, concisely. And the environment allows you to run that simulated ideas in the simulation environment. This is the core. Now, it depend how all of that is glued together, how 

What's the difference between getting a computer science PhD and working at Google?
Which computer science project in a resume impressed you the most?
Why do so many students drop out from a computer science major?
In my humble opinion as a fourth-year computer science student (3.8+/4.0 GPA), I believe I can explain why the dropout rates in STEM, and in particular, computer science tends to be high. I have noticed a lot of my peers lagging behind or switching to different programs, and I’ve wondered about why it is so. This is how I summarize the dropout rates in CS: Cumulative knowledge: In a typical upper year core computer science course, knowledge and skills from previous courses are essential. You can’t win in a third year OS class without all of the skills you’ve acquired in C programming and CPU (m

From my experience as a CS major, most individuals who choose CS as their major do so because they want something as close as possible to a software development/engineering degree as possible. Unfortunately, software development/engineering is not a degree for most universities. Hence, there really isn't such a degree, in most universities, that satisfies what students are looking for, which is, eventual employment in writing code. So they wind up studying computation and it's "applications". Note that the "applications" are not necessarily of industry standard, but rather to help explain the  

My experience is two things. Number one: Students go into CS not knowing what they are really getting into. "I want to make video games and mobile apps and cool webpages!" "Welcome to Discrete Structures. In this class, we talk about the foundations of algorithms that will be necessary throughout the rest of your CS career, including properties of binary operations, recursive algorithms, and advanced set theory" "WHAT??!!!" That's what happens to many CS students. However, there is a second group of people that do not deserve to drop out but they do. In the CS program at my college, the Data  

In my opinion: Most gifted students are familiar with the idea of “cramming,” a method of keeping up social and grades at the same time. In 1982, after I had previously (successfully) completed a degree consisting of various accounting, business, management, economics, logic, liberal arts, etc. by “cramming” my way through school, I decided I’d get a Masters degree in Computer Science. Wrong. The math and computer science prerequisites were such that it would take me 2 years just to complete the prerequisites. So instead I pursued a second bachelor’s in Computer Science. It was HARD. Cramming had 

CS is a fantastic major. However, in my mind below are some of the reasons students drop out of it. New language: You can't write code in plain english (at least just yet). Computer Science, has its own language, and not just one, over the course of a CS degree you will probably work with a few - Java, C, C++, Scheme/Lisp etc. It requires patience and practice to learn new syntax.Workload: From my experience, CS classes can have high workload. Each semester, it is important to be smart about picking a good mix of high/moderate work load classesTeam work: A lot of CS classes will require you to 

It really is quite astounding when one looks at the statistics - – computer science degree dropout rates are getting higher with each passing year while computer science as a vocation is growing exponentially. How can this be? It boils down to the fact that a computer science degree may not be enough to teach students all they need to know to succeed in the computer science or programming industries. Joe Trubisz, an independent researcher and former college instructor, suggests that computer science degree dropout rates are high due to the ever-evolving nature of knowledge on the subject; unive 

At my university (Aalborg University in Denmark) we have two related degrees: A degree in Computer Science and a degree in Software Technology; the first two years of the undergraduate programmes are identical, as is the last year of the masters' programme. I teach students from both of these degree programmes. Over the past years the dropout rate has increased dramatically for first-year students and we (the board of studies) have made a survey based on the information that was available about the grades of the students that dropped out. The students that dropped out had significantly (in the s 

In my 13 years as a professor of computer science, the main reasons I encountered were: Could not program. Some people just cannot program. Where there is a lot more to computer science, if you can’t learn to program at all, you cannot complete the major.It is not what they expected. While this phenomena subsided a bit by 2013, there were too many students who wanted to program games. Then they learned that there was hard work involved. Some did finish computer science, but gave up on the games idea when they learned that they had to have linear algebra and that had a pre-req of Calculus II (no

Here is one simple possible reason. People get into majors they end up not liking and change there mind. In the case of CS this effect is likely to get greatly exagerated because people know it leads to high paying jobs. This likely leads a lot of people to dive into a major they simply are unlikely to enjoy. And it only gets more painful as you advance as the work load in higher level courses is never worth it if you hate the work you are being asked to do. So to a degree, similar reasons to why you get medschool and law school drop outs. Loads of people see them as a path to a high paying job  

Most answers state that it’s the math and logic that turns students off, but for me, everything went downhill after I finished most of the math related “weed” courses and moved onto more hands-on classes. The main reasons I temporarily dropped out include: -The hands-on classes are basically 2 or more classes in one. In addition to all the theoretical material learned in the lecture, teachers also require students to learn new technologies on their own in a matter of weeks or even days. -The sheer amount of groupwork is extremely anxiety inducing, though this is most likely true for upper divisi 

Why are most people who just got their BS in Computer Science unable to pass coding interviews?
The simple answer is because they have never done it before. I have never met a developer who writes syntactically correct code on a whiteboard in marker, at work, to solve an actual problem. I have seen pseudo code where a Senior was describing a concept to a Junior Dev or an Intern but, never something like traversing a binary tree or anything of that nature. A whiteboard interview tells the interviewer you have practiced and/or solved enough problems of that type to recall how to do them off the top of your head. This can mean a few things. ——————————————————————————————————— If you get it corr 

The primary reason is that most universities no longer teach CS the way they used to teach CS up until the early 1990's. With the exception of a very few U.S. universities, you will be very hard pressed to find a class in the C programming language (for example). What you will get instead of a language class, where you actually learn the language, is something like database fundamentals using C. In other words: learning the language is left as an exercise for the student. Most students therefore only learn enough about their tools to get by in the lab exercises for a given class. And many universi 

I see a lot of people blaming the institutions or the interviewer. While they certainly may have some valid points, I’m not in that camp. While I currently work as a software engineer at a Fortune 500 company, I also have 10 years of engineering management experience. And I have a good track record of hiring software engineers. Even at my present job, I often interview candidates. And my interviews are tough. Maybe not Google tough, because I don’t necessarily believe Google interviews identify the best prospects. But they are proven to be successful at identifying qualified software engineers.  

These “coding interviews” are generally designed for people who got A’s in their Algorithms class or in their Data Structures class (the latter for an easy interview). That’s going to be roughly 20–30% of the students taking those classes. I’m a teaching assistant at a top school for Computer Science that teaches these classes, and I find it hard to believe that a B-student, much less a C-student, would do well in these interviews. Sure, it’s possible that the B-student gets lucky and gets asked a question that they understand really well, because the B-student probably has an A-student’s unders 

First of all, I am doubtful that the premise of this question is true. If MOST people who got their BS in Computer Science are unable to pass coding interviews, then you would assume most people with a BS in Computer Science are unemployed or working at Walmart or something… That does not seem to be the case. Without statistics, it’s impossible to know how close to true the premise is, but at the very least, it’s a hyperbole. Interestingly, almost none of the other answers point that out, which would indicate that there is at least a widespread common sentiment that recent CS graduates are havin 

First: as other answers have pointed out, the premise of the question is false. A new CS grad may not have a 100% pass rate on coding interviews, but neither do senior developers with a decade or three of experience. Most CS grads will get a job in the field, which means that sooner or later they will pass a full battery of interviews. But there is something else you need to understand: a university education is not job training. Let me say that again for the people in the back: a university education is not job training. Software development is a craft, and that craft differs radically between a 

It’s interesting to read the answers, which mostly either (A) blame the system/department/faculty/accreditation process or (B) blame the student. Given that a degree is a credential, I incline toward A and think that if A were done properly, the instances of B would decline as students self-select out. At *most* US big research universities the faculty care most about funded research and peer-reviewed publication. If they’ve made it over the Ph.D hurdle, they’ve had their brain so soaked in this world that most never come back to earth. It is these same people who teach the courses or mentor th 

There are a wide variety of interviewing styles that play to different strengths. Also, there is more than one type of coder. Some coders are excellent at maintenance work, by which I mean that if you ask them to fix a bug, they’ll find a way to patch it up reasonably well. These same coders may not be good at coming up with algorithms or greenfield development. Even if a coder is good at writing algorithms, he or she may be asked information about solving a problem that requires information specific to a coding framework. If the coder hasn’t been exposed to projects that require that area of k 

The number one reason that most graduates that have a BS in Computer Science are not able to pass technical coding interviews might surprise you. I still remember the interview that taught me this important lesson.  My colleague Pete and I had prepared for a technical interview for a web developer on our team. We two questions ready — questions that we had asked candidates multiple times before. The candidate came in and sat down. He had a degree in Computer Science, and a long list of credentials that would prepare him for a senior level job, and we were prepared to interview a mid-level develope 

There is something incredibly important to understand about interviewing that in my experience, the majority of programmers don’t understand about interviews… So when I was fresh out of college some 13 years ago, I was looking for a job and I managed to have the most educational interview of my life. It was for a local company that was looking to expand and it was a Java position. I knew Java pretty well and felt like this was a great opportunity to me. So, I applied for the job and landed an interview! At the interview they asked a bunch of the usual questions and I did my best to answer them as 

I'm frustrated with my university’s computer science program. I want to just get out and start programming some projects I've had in mind. Would this be a terrible mistake?
Probably. I once thought as you did - I started coding at 11, went to university at 18. Got very frustrated because of the low level of the work. I didn’t do well, and left at the end of my second year. I was lucky, eventually, and got a job. I spent the next 30 years as a coder in the games industry. Then, a few years back, the company I was working for folded, and I realised I probably needed that degree. So I went back - to the same university I failed at all those years ago. This time, even if it was dull I still did it, usually extending the problem until it became interesting. At least le 

I think most CS programs are shit and terrible at teaching “real programming”. That said, if you are already successfully in a program, dropping out would probably be a mistake. Having the degree gets your foot in the door and can help you get an interview that, without a degree, would be more challenging to achieve. My advice is, focus on self-learning. Get what you can out of the program, but don’t sweat the small stuff or waste any time. Straight As are not the point, the point is to learn. We had a saying at Purdue, my Alma Mater: “D is for Degree”. Take that time you would have spent studyin 

In the real world there are people called HR executives. (Human Resources) These people are in charge of who gets hired at major companies. They are almost always the same type people, they washed out doing jobs that required skill and intelligence but were kept around because they were “good guys”. These guys take one thing seriously about their HR job. Protecting their HR job. That’s it. They don’t give a crap about helping the company, all they care about is protecting their job. When they consider a candidate for a new hire, they are thinking one thing - “If my decision to hire goes wrong, how 

Not really a mistake unless you are about to pour an unpredictable amount of time and money you can ill afford to lose down a rabbit hole with only the slightest glimmer of light out the other end. If you have enough knowledge of programming to get started on your project there is no other reason not to. If you hit a place where your knowledge is lacking, you can always wait until your CS classes catch up or you can ask around for help. In 1973–5 I taught IBM Assembler, COBOL and RPG in a trade school. 9 months from start to finish with job placement. It’s where I got my foot in the door. We did 

Why is it an “or” decision? Do both. You seem to be trying to use your frustration as a lever or an excuse to go do projects you like. But, one of the biggest values of getting those pesky education credentials is that they force you to adapt to criteria from the outside world. Pick one: If your pet projects fail and you’ve ditched a computer science degree to do them, you’re a guy with no degree and no app.If you stay in school, your projects take longer, and then they fail, you’re a guy with a CS degree.If you stay in school, your projects take longer, and then they are a runaway success, you’re

It depends on the university. If you’re frustrated because its a subpar program - then go to a better school. If you’re frustrated because you think you know everything there is to know - think again. Talk to your adviser - see if you can test out of the courses that you have already mastered. Talk to your professors - see if you can do independent study. If you find the right professor you may be able to develop some of your ideas as part of your degree program. ( Watch out for ownership issues. ) Two other points: Being in school and developing your own ideas don’t have to be mutually exclusiv

No, and anyone who says otherwise is either lying to you or they've sucked up to the idea of following the typical degree-to-career path. I felt the same way about CU Boulder's comp sci program so I dropped out and started working for startups so I can keep improving my programming knowledge and so I have enough money to fund my own once I come up with an idea I like. Since then, I've been having the best time of my life. Not having a formal education doesn't make things more difficult as long as you're smart enough, have the ability to use resources to their fullest extent, and have enough pe 

I would say it’s not a mistake, but you should start those projects before you make your decision, not after. I wanted to drop out of my CS program because a few core requirements were theoretical classes that I struggled with, but I knew how to program and was working on projects extensively instead of going to my classes. And I’ve never been asked about my degree ultimately. (It’s on the resume, but no one has ever asked about it, nor asked about proving it, because I’ve been working long enough that it’s irrelevant now.) 115 viewsJoe Francis, 24 years experience as a developer in Fortune 500s, eight years in universityAnswered 2 years ago · Author has 2.4K answers and 9.1M answer views

Yes. It would probably be a mistake. Investment. You have already devoted a couple of years to this. Don’t get emotional about the time you have already spent on it, but think of the return on investment of finishing the degree program now. On Your Own? If you had a lucrative job offer from an employer, then perhaps dropping out of college would be a reasonable plan, but just doing things on your own? Unless you have a plan that is going to pay you well, I would finish school first. Why Frustrated? Frustration is an emotion. Are you going to change plans for emotional reasons? Is there something  

You would probably make a mistake by getting out. I’ve been in your shoes, I know exactly how dull and brainfucking the university must be for you, supposing you are beyond a hello world level, especially if you are in a backwater country like Romania. I probably earn more, and have been for years, than the frustrated prof that made (through arbitrarily fucked up rules) 20/25 fail his idiot exam. I have entered explicitly for the paper, I already knew my shit and have worked in the industry before. Pull up your socks and graduate. 217 viewsDanielle Fraser, Retired Electronics Engineer (2018-present)Answered 2 years ago · Author has 16.4K answers and 9.4M answer views

What don't they tell you about majoring in computer science?
Actually, A LOT. Let’s start with the two biggest things you won’t be told: 95% of what you will spend your time on during a CS degree does not matter to industry. If you want to hear it straight from the horse’s mouth — a Google recruiter told our campus that the most important courses to have are a solid algorithms course, and a software engineering principles course. Two courses — that’s it. Maybe you might find a third course like compilers or operating systems useful for specific kinds of work, but not for the gazillion of build-an-app companies out there. But I think what many CS students 

That computer science is not equivalent to software development. Many answers to this question are complaining that CS majoring does not qualify them for the real world in the software industry .. Well, news flash .. CS majoring is never supposed to do that. A lot of people -including me in the past- have this misunderstanding and wrong expectation that studying CS is about programming and learning how to code .. It is not. If your only goal is to become a coder who develops some web or mobile applications, you don’t need to waste around 4 years of your life in a CS major, cause you won’t learn any 

Lot of great answers here - I’ll try to share some of my insights and experiences about being a CS major at UCLA : You’re going to be competing with a very talented cohort of students. I’d say that at most schools, getting into their CS department isn’t easy. So inevitably, you’re going to be facing up against some really intelligent people. With many classes operating on some sort of a curve, that means you need to outperform them to some degree if you want a respectable grade in the class, so you always need to bring your A-game. This also means that the competition for internships is rough, 

I think one of more common misconceptions by prospective CS students is: Stuff taught in CS will typically not be very immediately applicable to getting a job and then working as a professional programmer. This is not necessarily a bad thing, just something a prospective student should know.This is true in several ways: Work usually requires deep knowledge of your main programming languages. This is usually absent for some of the more complex languages which some schools teach.Work usually requires knowledge of some build system, standard libraries, deployment, testing, version control, 3rd part

Wow, a lot of pessimistic answers here. Well let me provide a different perspective. First: many of these answers are correct— in the limited scope of their focus. Having a CS degree doesn’t guarantee it won’t be hard to get a job as a new college grad. It doesn’t mean that other factors that are important to getting a job are any less important. It also doesn’t necessarily teach you the skills that people care most about when hiring at the entry level. But that’s the immediate future. What about the longer term? Let me tell you what a CS major has done for me. I had no desire to major in CS. I s 

While I didn’t major in computer science, I know a lot of great people who did. I respect people studying computer science, but from what I’ve seen in the industry is that a lot of the day to day work you do for commercial software engineering might be very boring to people who love computer science. How do computer science majors prepare for the “real world?” If you aren’t going into academia and are passionate about what you do, I’d probably suggest moving to a place like Silicon Valley. There’s a lot of competition for the positions where you can delve into the more academic stuff, but I feel 

Let's assume that you want to have a job after graduated. If you go to indeed or Glassdoor , search for key word :” entry level software engineer” , you can see tons of results. Now if you take a look closer, you can see different companies use different technologies. Some want database administrator, full stack web developer, embedded software engineer, etc. Obviously, school cannot teach everything or cover all the fields of software engineering. School don't teach you React, MongoDB,. NET framework, etc. Technology changes daily with amazing speed. Now, school can only help you how to get com 

If you take up a job after graduating, you will work most likely as a software engineer in some company. These jobs deal mostly with common sense coding practices that are necessary to write and maintain production level codebases(that common sense comes with experience ;)). Even a child who has passed out from school can do that, if given the correct training. None of the theory that you learn in computer science classes is necessary in practice for most of the jobs(e.g. you won’t delete and insert nodes in an AVL tree and analyze the time complexity sitting in a cubicle).For reasons specifie

Instead of what they don’t tell you, what they tell you might be better approach. 1.88% of the graduates find a job during the first 3 months. Right. But they do not tell you how many of the students that started the degree quit. 2.Just try to get the logic of it, then you will be able to pass the class. Wrong. Getting the logic of it doesn’t mean you can do it in practice. 3. Everything you learn in Mathematics and Physics classes will be useful throughout your career. Right. Only if your aim is to focus on academics and research. Most Computer Scientists do not need more than mid-tier maths and ev 

I am sure most of them don’t know even. I had been bad at programming and improved many fold times. I tried to pay attention, why it works for few and not for many, and why in many cases even it doesn’t work for a person who is good at numerical abilities in other subjects like electronics, math, physics. I got the answer after experimenting it with more than 100 undergraduate students. What really can kick the hormone for programming, even though learners were utterly not interested in programming? Out of 100, most of them were like that, totally not interested in programming. I did a honest att 

What are the different types of Computer Science students?
The deviant genius - Probably a black hat hacker on the loose. They tri-booted their machine with the most unstable version of Arch Linux as their primary OS for some mysterious purposes and codes using the Vi text editor….These geniuses typically don’t pay attention in class as they have already taught themselves everything in 8th grade. They rarely talk but obtained everybody’s respect as it is well-known that they have the top grades in the class, which is likely that they hacked into the school database to give themselves 4.0 GPA not because they can’t earn it ethically but because they ha

I’ve noticed that very few CS majors are a single “type”, but most of them are some combination of a couple. I like computers, I guess. This person really didn’t know what they wanted to study, but it was time to pick a major, and they were okay at math, and had fun coding in high school (translation: Learned HTML). They’re definitely not at the top of their class, but most of the ones I’ve met seem to put in a halfway decent effort and get good grades. However, they really don’t seem to get excited by anything they’re studying, and I feel a little sorry for them. You don’t see very many of the

As a teacher, these are my observations from programming courses: The Standard Nerd. Usually I only get one or two of these per class, so they must be quite rare. Their face betrays little emotion, but they often have very dry humor. Very hard-working and intelligent, and a driving force, but have little social interaction outside programming related matters. Often prepared to spend time helping others. Can fail to get top grade and are often puzzled as to why, but can solve any programming problem. Often suffer from ailments and phobias, including glossophobia (stage fright). These are the one

Privacy Obsessive. Tape over the webcam. Uses duck duck go or Tor. Doesn’t have social media. Every piece of information given has to be questioned… Oh boy, what’s the problem if google knows your preferences are stepmother fetishes and orgies?The 50-Linux-distributions dude. He’s the one who is criticizing you for using Ubuntu, while he is using some useless complicated distro. The best way to fry these people’s brain is to claim Windows is better than Linux.The one who writes 500 lines of code in a row. He’s the one who has a simple philosophy: If you don’t find bugs, then there’s no bugs, w

I am going to give overall student types(other writers already given idea how the technical guys look like…). Following examples are real I have experienced each and every character in my college life. Hope you like it :) The Startup guy/girl: He has nothing to do with computer science, he just have business ideas which he thinks, they will make him next Steve Jobs. Whenever he see a good coder he will approach at him and will say ”Bro, I have this idea, you being a technical guy and myself being a business guy we can make our startup grow. The girls who are running away from us will then run f

The Elitist Jerk. This kid learned everything quickly or was already coding before he got to college. Either way, he’s super smart and has no problem letting you know he is super smart. You’ll hate this little bastard, but you’ll still ask for his help.The Moocher Male. You have no idea why this kid is in class. He clearly has no idea what he’s doing. This is the kid that passes class by aggravating you enough to help him (READ: Do his homework for him). He may even steal a copy of your homework if you leave your thumb drive laying around. This type of CS student rarely makes it past Data Stru

As a student myself, these are the following things I’ve observed: The language *insert-here* is god’s answer to programming and your an idiot if you don’t use it kids. To them, a language isn’t a tool, but a religious experience, and if you try to point out the strengths and weaknesses of said language they will treat you as the blasphemer you are. If they are not allowed to use their religious weapon they tend to fall into a comatose state and can be heard whispering about white space versus tabs and exception handling and how much pointers suck and should never be dreamt about.The Linux/Wind

How about an India specific answer ? And that too mostly from top tier colleges ?Disclaimer : Obviously most of them will overlap, but there are distinct categories. Part time coder in 11–12 : Most students who actually get CSE didn’t care about CSE at high school. Hell, they were busy midnight oiling PCM, for that determined the marks and it takes a lot to get CSE in IIT/NIT. However, there are always a few who manage to find time and code ( they even coded between the results and college registration !). This gives a huge edge initially.Linux Distros Geek : In our freshmen year, we heard that

Here are some I’ve came across, few of which might be unique to Egypt. The lost boy. This is the kind of student that one morning and all of a sudden realized that this is the first day at college and that his major is CS. So he gets on campus and starts hearing all kind of weird terminologies: Coding, C++, Data Science, Algorithms, competitive programming and simply starts freaking out.Open source fanatic. He is moving all around campus marketing for the latest Ubuntu release, and telling people how toxic Windows is and why they should stop supporting Microsoft’s global plan of dominating the 

The mercenary guy: ELON MUSK is a billionaire. He did something relating to computers right. Even I can have his lifestyle.The going with the trend guy: I heard computers are the future of human race. Let me swim in with my friends.The struggling guy: Failed in getting outputs and blowing the honk of computer science.The book worm: Just topped the theory exams using ratta-mar (mug up) technique.The code paster : Can pass and impress but on the plank of copy pasting from the net.The Artificial Intelligence guy: Dreams about making a robot who won’t throw tantrums.Mr. None: Who doesn’t even show

According to the book Talent is overrated, every field has classic guides that will always repay study, as a way of reviewing fundamental skills. What would these guides be for Computer Science?
What is the most useless science/engineering degree?
How difficult is Computer Engineering?
My BS is in Computer Engineering, MS in Computer Science, and PhD in Electrical Engineering. So I’ll answer this question from my experience in all three fields, and I’ll assume this is for choosing an undergraduate major at a US college. From a Bachelor standpoint, my personal view is that computer engineering is a medium level difficulty in terms of taking quantitative and technical courses, with computer science being easier and electrical engineering being harder. All three majors overlap each other in a lot of ways. Quantitative Courses For most universities, computer engineering will requir 

First of all try to understand that none of the Engineering major is difficult or easy. It's totally up to you how you deal with it. Talking about Computer Engineering, Probably it is the easiest of all other fields available in engineering. Major part of it deals with programming. So, if you are familiar with coding your interest can be easily developed there and you will love what you are doing in this stream. If you are from non programming background, still you have chance to learn it (Basic Programming Languages like C,C++,Java) and to get excel in that. But once again, Computer Engineering 

Computer engineering is one of the most trending fields in education. Engineering is one of the most emerging fields. Computer engineering is becoming one of the most popular choices for a lot of reasons. Here is why people prefer computer engineering over the other disciples of engineering: · Job opportunities- computer engineering provides a lot of job opportunities. As a single field can help students to get into diverse fields, this is why students can choose their own field and career choice · Desk job- Unlike the other jobs, Computer engineers will require working in a proper office and ther 

What is hard and what is easy is relative to the person. I used to find reading books extremely hard growing up, while my friends read 3–4 books a month. On the other hand, I was extremely good at math and computational analysis. So computer engineering is like candy for me, I was just wired to understand it while I have seen people in my class struggle to code/understand certain concepts. And yet, they were exceptional in other areas of their respective studies. So the real question is “How difficult is computer engineering for me?” For that you need to answer some questions: Are you an analytic

Super easy. I got straight A’s, extra credits for correcting mistakes in the professor’s question on final exams, and I finished semester-long projects in under a week. …and if you take that at face value, you are going to be in trouble. Like any discipline, it depends on how much passion you have for it, and to some degree your innate ability. The REAL answer is that it is about as difficult as any other engineering discipline; no more, no less. Most people find the math requirements to be the most difficult parts. You will need to do about 3 semesters of calculus, one of differential equations 

It's as difficult as any engineering course: You have a lot of math and physics subjects. It's as difficult as any electrical engineering course: You have digital systems, circuit analysis, embedded systems, dynamical system control subjects. It's as difficult as any computer science course: There is a lot of algorithm techniques, design of modern computers, operating system, networks and theoretical things to learn. It's hard, it takes a lot of time, you'll have thousand of practical assignments, exercises to solve, papers to write. You see people giving up in the middle of the journey, others s 

It's not difficult at all.  How can I say it? I am a biotech graduate, finance post graduate, worked as a computer programmer and now owns a tech company.  Why did I do that? Because I was interested in programming and due to lack of correct guidance chose to do other things. Except computer programming, everything else was difficult and required some efforts. Computer programming was easier for me. So will it be easier for you too? You tell me that. In fact don't tell me at all. Tell it to yourself. Can you see yourself as a computer engineer at the end? And did you like being one? If you do, it'll 

Any engineering in general is not an easy degree (it is the toughest degree after all).  Top 10 Easiest and Hardest College Degree Majors However, if you have a pre-disposition towards understanding technical topics you will be able to comprehend. Try to not get into any sort of engineering if you don't have the passion to pursue that field, you will never have the right mojo. Some subjects may simply not be interesting and getting through them will become a chore (my bane was Control Theory! everyone I know has 1 or 2). If you stick and persevere and persevere and persevere!  you will join one  

Questions like this are always hard to answer because the answer is very subjective. For me, the answer is that Computer Engineering is very hard. I would prefer Computer Science or Civil Engineering because they appeal to my particular set of problem solving skills in terms of logic and structure. Your answer will be different. Computer Engineering is a very interesting field (even for me). There is a separate set of challenges that deal with the integration of hardware and software, electronic circuits, design of logic circuits, and even intelligent designs. I would encourage you to look more  

At First, lemme tell you nothing is easy or difficult. It's entirely upon you that how you cope with some challenges. Main thing, if you are passionate about learning computer skills then you can go for it. If you are not passionate &amp; only willing to choose Computer Engineering field then better to have a little research about it. Writing course contents will not make you understand how difficult or easy is computer engineering. That's why I am not writing anything about that. Have a good future ahead! Cheers! :) 149 views · View upvotes1Dan Ruskin, Principal Software Engineer (1999-present)Answered 1 year ago

Why do self-taught programmers seem to do better than those with a computer science degree?
Self-taught programmers tend to overestimate what they know. In my last career before I retired, I was tasked with reviewing and editing every document that went out to the users from the consulting company I worked for because the programmers couldn’t write a user document to save their lives. They couldn’t put together a coherent paragraph without making major errors in grammar and syntax. As part of my CS degree I had to take English, so I knew what good English looked like. I could go on for hours about the power of Churchill’s speeches to the English parliament. Churchill broke many of wha 

There are two effects to consider: Perceptual bias - you state that they “seem better”, and that’s probably the most important statement here. This could simply be because you expect them to be less talented or productive.Survivorship bias - if we could demonstrate that the average self-taught programmer was better than the average programmer with a CS degree, it’s likely because the failure rate for would-be self-taught programmers is much, much higher than for would-be programmers with CS degrees. If that’s the case, only the truly talented and motivated will survive.In WWII, the US Navy aske 

You are probably biased. Don't worry; most of us are. We cannot change that part of ourselves quickly. Most self-taught programmers are likely hobbyists, who don't write a lot of code. They produce bits here and there; they don't make money for their work. Some programmers of that ilk become professionals. Those people have to struggle. They learn by doing and get jobs by proving their success. They learn by fire; they're practical. Sometimes, these do-it-yourself types become famous, huge, popular. They refused to bow to the status quo. They wanted to learn their way; they experimented. They lea 

Created the first tic tac toe in C during my primary schooling. There is a reason why i graduated as a software engineer. I have been practicing it for such a long time😉. Personally, have huge respect for self-taught programmers even though your data seems anecdotal. I agree to the fact that, there are some vagabond programmers who are better than one with a computer science degree. That percentage is too low. Anyone with an average intelligence can learn programming. Doesn’t matter if you are self taught or a professional. Here are some pointers or nuances that runs common among all the progr 

Self-taught vs degreed isn’t really that consequential. It really doesn’t matter whether you built up your initial skill set mostly on your own or through a degree if you have the goods for that first entry-level job you showed up for. What does matter is whether you continued to be a “self-teaching” programmer. There’s a real struggle to find talent in C# and Java, even though these have tended to be the most popular general-use languages in academic circles and you’ll get massive resume dumps for either when you put up a job listing. The key to finding people who don’t stink at these or any ot 

From my experience self-taught programmers are always more cocky than those who have a degree. Maybe cocky is not a proper term but whatever absence of knowledge a self-taught programmer might have is always replaced by twisting any legit knowledge about existence of certain things and topics through the prism of code which is absolutely wrong. An example: You have a self-taught programmer who started working in a company that is just starting out. That programmer would build the projects for a company and end up to be the manager for the software development department of that company. Than com 

When you begin “computer science”, you start with some basic object-oriented language. You learn basic control structures and how to incorporate the framework and some more useful moves. You don’t even really learn how to serialize (save object data to disk) even if you might learn how to write to a file; real “saving” of program data is only in a much later—and far higher level—object-oriented programming class. Then, you move on to how a CPU really works; you learn binary, opcodes, and some form of Assembly (I learned MIPS 32-bit). Then, you encounter what I call “The Widowmaker”—because it  

They don’t … on average. What you are looking at here is selection bias. Self-taught programmers, the ones you would care about, have done quite well. There are likely a large number who have also failed. Care to discuss traits of lottery winners? :) Now there are some things that you may be materially better off with having been self-taught than having learned in school. The first is the amount of time … actually programming. OK so in University how many CS classes are you actually taking at a time? 2 maybe 3 during undergrad? 2 classes would put you at 16 classes/4 years or less than half of your 

Because to be self-taught, you: need to have enough passion and drive for the area to motivate yourself to learn it by yourselfWhich also usually means that you also program in your free time as a hobby, which means you get more experience than someone for whom it’s just a study subjectyou need to learn how to learn and work on your own, look up information without anyone serving it to you on a silver platter, and be able to process that information without anyone who’s basically paid to find a way to explain it in a way that will be easy for you to digest.Point 3 is the most important, in my o 

I come from an EE background and dropped out to get married before I got my degree. But my career as a programmer was all self-taught, so I think I can provide a useful answer. Some people have a natural talent for programming as well as a passion for it. Those people are likely to be the best programmers. If they would pursue a CS or other related degree they would be better for it. But… Not everyone has the time or money to get a degree. So those people who are naturally better at programming may be credentialed or, on the other hand, may have been self-taught. Whereas those people who have a C 

Which buildings will survive an earthquake. Low rise or High rise?
Which is harder, Civil Engineering or Architecture? Why?
Can civil engineers make over $200,000?
What is p delta analysis?
What are the things Civil Engineers know while others don't?
1. Narmada Canal A water depth of 15 cm (6 inches) was released into the main canal of the Sardar Sarovar project and it reached the end of the canal which is located at 460 kilometers away from its origin. This is only possible when the loss due to friction is overcome by gravity and canal is perfectly lined and prismatic.  2. If your house is not shaking during earthquake, run out of the house or else you are most probably going to die. In case of earthquakes, shock-waves pump a tremendous amount of energy constantly during the whole event into the building through the foundation. This pumped en 

Palm Zumeira is not a “one of a kind project” by virtue of it being made on an artificial island.  Land reclamation is quite trite actually. Kansai International Airport in Japan, Hotel Burj Al Arab In Dubai and The Venetian Casino in Macau are all examples of projects that were built on land reclaimed from sea.  Kansai International Airport.  Burj Al Arab in Dubai.  The Venetian Casino in Macau. Skyscrapers designed usually end up being slicker at the top. This is done to reduce the interaction of winds with the top of the structure and to subsequently cut moment which increases with height.  This is Sha 

1. Concrete is the second most consumed material on the planet by humans. On an average, three metric tonnes per person is produced annually. (btw, first is water) 2. Concrete is an erratic material. Most of the time, we don't know why it behaves the way it does. But, you don't know that we don't know, so we pretend to know. (Sorry for bursting the bubble my civil engineering comrades. :p)  3. ​Soil is fine. Water is fine. Soil+Water is...well, f***!  ​  4. Steel loses most of its strength during fire even with a temperature well below its melting point. This is one of the main reasons why the World  

Brittle materials are weak in tension.Its not only the strength of a material which is important . But the most important criteria is the modulus of elasticity.Clay soils take decades and even though keeps settling down. When reacted with lime . It gives cementatious products increasing the soil strength and stiffness.The stiffness of the soil is an important criteria in deciding the pavement thicknessTo keep deflections in check for same load go for a fixed beam and slabThe reason why a tree preferred to be circular in crossection is it has same moment of inertia in all directions. Thereby gi

I guess these few things are: 1) How others imagine a civil engineer at site   but in reality (the one in the white safety helmet)  2) The typical mixer is not used for bulk concrete pours.   Instead concreting is done either by "Boom placer" or " Concrete pump".     3) The crazy rotating lorry, which is otherwise called as "Transit mixer".   Main purpose of transit mixer to collect concrete from batching plant from where production of concrete takes place and to deliver it at the site. Concrete is then placed above mentioned concrete laying equipments. "Concrete batching plant"   Concrete mixers general 

1.Cement, mortar and concrete. Most of the people think these three are same but they're not. Cement is a dry powder(greyish white coloured) which exhibit binding property when mixed with water. Mortar is mixute of water, binding material (cement) and fine sands. Whereas concrete is a mixture of cement, water, fine aggregates( sand) and coarse aggregates ( gravel).  Cement  Concrete 2.Concrete mixer.  These type of machines you see near construction sites is actually a mixer which mixes cement, water, fine(sand), coarse(gravel) aggregates and admixtures to produce concrete. 3.Reinforcement. The concrete is 

The few ones I suppose are: 1. Technically diamond is more elastic than rubber as Elastic modulus of Diamond is in the range 1000-1200 GPa whereas that of rubber is approximately 0.1 GPa. This means on application of large loading, diamond may be in the elastic limit but rubber might go beyond it. 2. While widening road pavements on Horizontal Curves, apart from providing mechanical widening based on calculations, psychological widening is also provided to provide extra space and comfort while steering at high speeds. 3. The rails on a railway track generally shift by about 7.5 to 15 cm per month 

Civil engineering is a branch of engineering. It doesn't mean if one has studied/is studying might be knowing all the important aspects of this field. It(civil engineering)is the great in itself and people like me are the explorer of this beautiful art. Among thousand and thousand students very few are titled as civil engineers. In becoming a civil engineer one requires particular set Of skills. Skills that he/she acquires over a very long time of learning, hardwork and practice. There are some wonderful, specific and natural things that only a experienced civil engineer might know.  1- Technical  

Thanks for the A2A Bharadwaj Almost a wide range of specializations are considered in other answers. I'll share particular stuff from materials and structural engineering perspective that might be of interest.  Firstly, I'd like to share some things which people think we know but we do not. - We DO NOT know how our buildings stay together - We know cement is the primary binding agent (C-S-H actually) but which forces are responsible for this adhesion is unknown to concrete scientists.  - We DO NOT know the basic structure of our primary binding agent (C-S-H). Whether it is crystalline, amorphous - 

 Civil engineers have a very particular set of skills. Skills they have acquired over a very long time in engineering school. Skills that make them a nightmare to city planners and architects. Here are 15 things only civil engineers know. Hi I am Engr Waseem Raja, A Civil Engineer, Road Designer, Autodesk Certified Trainer, Youtuber, Motivational Speaker and Skill Empowerment helping Students/Engineers to live a Successful Engineering Career’s Life. 1- How Many Different Types of Cement there are ?  Portland cement, high alumina cement, white cement, sulfate opposing cement. The rundown goes on. As 

What is the difference between linear and nonlinear analysis in structural analysis programs?
How can a civil engineer make his country proud?
What are the coolest civil engineering adaptions for wildlife?
Which is the famous civil engineering company in the world?
What does a civil engineer do?
I'm a civil engineer. I’ve built rural roads so that country people can travel safely; sewage treatment plants to keep the water supply safe for drinking; highways and tunnels to move people about cities easily; port terminals to allow import and export trade; and an underground mine to produce copper for electricity transmission. It is useful to segment the life cycle of piece of infrastructure into three parts. There is the design-and-build phase, the operate-and-maintain phase, and the demolish-and-remediate phase. Civil engineers are required throughout all these phases. The labour e 

In general, civil engineers will work in the analysis, design and maintenance of just about any of society's physical infrastructure.  Think: roads, bridges, buildings, levees and dams, pipelines, airports, seaports, large structures (tanks, stadiums), water and wastewater facilities, and a myriad of others. I will provide some insight into the geotechnical branch of civil engineering, since that is what I do, in particular, the geotechnical consulting field.  Much of what I am writing is likely applicable to other branches with some substitutions (e.g. swap "make observations on a failing buil 

When we think of famous civil engineers from the past, we think of Isambard Kingdom Brunel and Joseph Bazalgette, the great engineer of the Victorian age who saved London from cholera by constructing new sewers. Nowadays, we associate civil engineering with the world's most jaw-dropping structures, such as Sydney Opera House, the Shard and China's Jiaozhou Bay bridge. But civil engineering is also about maintaining and adapting the infrastructure that we depend on every day – our roads, railways and bridges; energy and water supply; waste networks and flood defences. Civil engineers have to keep 

I have been a civil engineer for over 40 years. I started out as a geotechnical engineer after getting my masters degree. After about 15 years I switched to environmental engineering because most of the sites I drilled were contaminated. After I wore that out, I specialized in construction engineering. In the process I worked in Bangladesh, Thailand, Iraq, Afghanistan, Peru and Quatar in addition to the United States. Civil engineers, like someone else said, do just about everything. They are involved in surveying, in quality control, in construction safety, in soil stabilization, in constructi 

Civil Engineer It is a professional engineering discipline that deals with the design, construction, and maintenance of the physical and naturally built environment, including works like roads, bridges, canals, dams, and buildings. It is the second-oldest engineering discipline after military engineering. Now let's see for a human we have some basic requirements for living AirWaterFoodShelterI think this is where it all started… SHELTER And we have come a long way from this…  A traditional Hut made out of palm leaves, branches, hides, fabric, and mud. To this …. thanks to the civil engineers  The talle 

When we think of famous civil engineers from the past, we think of Isambard Kingdom Brunel and Joseph Bazalgette, the great engineer of the Victorian age who saved London from cholera by constructing new sewers. Nowadays, we associate civil engineering with the world's most jaw-dropping structures, such as Sydney Opera House, the Shard and China's Jiaozhou Bay bridge. But civil engineering is also about maintaining and adapting the infrastructure that we depend on every day – our roads, railways and bridges; energy and water supply; waste networks and flood defences. Civil engineers have to keep 

Civil Engineers plan, design, construct, operate and maintain roads, bridges, dams, water supply schemes, sewerage systems, transportation, harbors, canals, dockyards, airports, railways, factories and large buildings.  Civil Engineers usually work in one of the following areas: Structural, Water resources, Soil and foundation, Transport, Town planning, or Construction. A Civil Engineer may specialize: Airport Engineer:  An airport engineer-  specializes in preparing designs for airports, hangars and control towers,supervises the construction, maintenance and repair of runways, taking in

Depending upon your job roles, as a civil engineer you are expected to execute your work with integrity, conforming to trade practice, as per standard engineering practice and safely. Your role as Consulting Engineer is to establish designs as per the architectural concept finalised by the owner or as per the need recognised by the Owner which upholds your professional values which an engineer is always striving for. in most professional way designing the structures which are required to be built in utmost cost effective manner by the Constructors and whose evaluation is one of the responsibili 

Demand for civil engineers is rising in many countries around the globe due to extensive implementation of various constructional and infrastructural projects. Civil engineering consist of various branches and each branch has different roles and importance. Civil engineers have career options in various disciplines which they can opt according to their interest. A civil engineer can work in different branches/areas of Civil engineering: Structural Engineer: Structural engineers focus mainly on analysis and design of structures like buildings, bridges. The study generally involves the identificat 

A civil engineer is someone who has a degree in engineering and has a licence certifying him or her to practice civil engineering in a given country or region. Students who have graduated from engineering school are known as graduate engineers, they work under a certified engineer until they get there own licence. Civil engineering is the discipline that deals with design, construction and maintenance of physical and built environment. It includes works like roads,bridges,canals,dams and buildings. A civil engineer has to come up with solutions to problems and implement them. A civil engineering c 

What criteria does a research supervisor usually use to choose their future master’s/PhD students?
Is an MS degree in the US worth all of the expense?
There is no one-size-fits-all answer to this question. I’m going to break it down by scenario so that we can analyze each one independently. Also, please note that this answer is from the perspective of an Indian student considering higher education in the U.S.(Tl;Dr in the end) Scenario 1: The Job Seeker Rahul finished his undergrad from a mediocre college in India. He comes from an average middle class family and has always dreamed of making it big in life. He has the option to start working right away in one of the many tech companies in India. Hundreds of his friends and acquaintances are t 

YES. These are the advantages: 1) ROI analysis: I paid $40k for tuition fees. 12k for room rent. Roughly another 10k for expenses living in Downtown Los Angeles - one of the costliest areas. My average salary for first 3 years of graduation is $100,000 working at Cisco. And my savings during this period were nearly $60,000 - i have to say this is lower end of savings since i spent a good amount on travel - i know friends who have saved over $100,000 in the same period. Clearly, you can breakeven your investment within 3 years. 2) Disruption of assumptions: M.S not only lets you live in a foreign  

YES A lot of people have asked me this question and I would like to share my story here. Around 2 years back, when I was in my final year of engineering, I was super confused about what to do in life. All the people I knew were either preparing for CAT, applying for master's or trying to get a lucrative corporate job. Following the trend- I decided to apply for master's and received admits from some great universities. But I was not confident of this decision as these questions were going on in my mind : 1. Is it worth going there with all these expenses?2. Am I wasting my parent's money?3. Wil 

I will try to answer it, although I have not done it but I have lived with people who are doing it or have done it. My answer applies to people coming from a comparatively less rich country. Real story starts from the day you graduate from MS. I am assuming you are an middle class student from any developing country. If you get a average paying job you will be good and start believing its worth and you will spread your inner believe which originated from your experience to other students coming from your country. This believe might or might not translate into reality for other students coming i 

The answer to this can be given in so many different contexts. To name a few: Personal life, relationships and familyAcademic achievementsNetworking and Career ProspectsConcept of formal educationROI in terms of moneyThe TRUMP cardIt is literally impossible to cover all these aspects and yet effectively give a 2 line summary about is MS worth it. I will try my best to provide my views and insights. To take it as an yes or no, would be a weighted average of the above. 1. Personal life, relationships and family I can write pages and pages of stories that will provide you with excellent content for a 

NO. It uses to be worthy like 4–5 yrs back, but sadly the time has changed, everything changed and things are getting harder and tougher for us ( Indians). Not everyone can get into MIT, Stanford, Princeton, UCLA, USC, etc, not everyone gets employed at big companies like Ford, Honda, Apple, Cisco, Google, Facebook, etc. Not everyone would get an RA/TA as part-time jobs. Not everyone gets a $100k per annum salary package where you can pay off your student loan in 2–3 yrs. This thing might happen to only 1–2 people out of a group of 40 Indian students and I’m here to talk about the rest of 39–38  

A lot of people have answered this question, I wanted to give you all a different perspective ! When you start to ask this question, you basically have identified that you need to increase your skillsets in order to progress towards a career that you dream off. Now the question turns into what is attaining that dream worth to you? what are the ways you can achieve your dream? In general there are 2 options, One is getting into a company that develops the product or delivers a service you have been raving about, and making sure that you work on the product/service.Second, is to identify the areas t

First things first, your question does not (wait, CANNOT) have a Yes/No answer. With all due respect to people who have a strong opinion either way, I would say you need to consider multiple things before taking a decision on this.  1. Is it because you want a job in the US?  As one of the other answers mentioned, if you are working in India in a big company with presence in the US (or even start-ups), why not just work for a couple of years and then get an internal transfer. It's not that difficult. I know tons of people who have done that. If you are not in such a company or don't think you are 

Germany has been selling this crap about it being free for quite some time now.  I have explored the barriers towards employment after your studies in Germany in my other answers. Here s something I have not explored. The Bank Account.Germany has a recurrent nightmare. That the students it brings with all these promises will end up on welfare. So, when you graduate from a German university you are given free access to the job market for 18 months.  However, since Germany is terrified that non EU students who have graduated from a German university will go on welfare they have a series of meas 

Master's degree of Science in the United States of America is pursued after gaining fundamental knowledge in their field of interest. The American education system presents a wealthy field of choices for global students. There is an array of schools, programs and locations that the choices might overwhelm any scholar, even those from the U.S. As you start your school search, it's significant to make yourself known to the American education system. Understanding the system will assist you to narrow down your choices and develop your learning plan. HIGH QUALITY OF EDUCATION IN USA UNIVERSITY Getting 

What are the dark sides of MS in Germany?
How is everyone going for a master's degree in America able to get an H1B when only 80,000 visas are available every year?
Is an MS in the USA really worth investing in for an Indian? The expenses to be covered while pursuing an MS is a huge amount, especially for middle-class Indians who rely on bank loans, scholarships, or TA/RA to cover the expense.
To put it simply, it is worth it if you go to a good university for the right course. A university of decent repute in a good location (California, Texas, the east coast, North Carolina, Illinois among certain others) for courses that provide skills that are in demand in the job market should see you get a good RoI. If you satisfy these conditions here is how your financial position will be. 1.) Tuition fee: It’s the highest in America. But the starting salaries are as high as well. Depending on the interest rate, type of loan and it’s quantum, we’ve seen our students at Gradvine pay off their  

Let us consider that you are an average guy and going to USA to pursue MS in 100+ ranked university. This is how MS will look like - MS is usually 30 to 42 credits. The program length varies from 1 academic year to 2 academic years.  (University of Cincinnati MS analytics program ) Internship is mandatory and most of the students do manage to secure one. A great amount of research is involved in MS programs. Your seniors are doing it, Phd guys in the same department are doing it. The Universities highly encourage you to pursue research and write thesis. A lot of program alternatively advice student 

This question is one that many ask, but there really is no straightforward answer. There are so many variables that are based on your own personal situation and the university you are going to. Let me start off by telling you that you should definitely go in the following situation. You have a scholarship or a GTA or GRA for the program. Most of these programs waive off all tuition fees, plus give you $1500-$2000 per month for living stipend. Depending on the cost of living at your university, you can save a significant amount of that.You come from a rich family where the fees are not a big iss

Being a MS grad, I would try to answer your question by first explaining those scenarios which made me strong, both morally and mentally, to pursue MS in the US. Post completing my undergraduate degree, I joined Accenture in 2010 as ASE. Was trained in Oracle Apps and was staffed for a telecom project. I started developing Databases and Data-Warehouses for my client. Once I understood the complex data architecture within the client network, I was promoted as Fraud Data Analyst within the same project. This was when, I was introduced to the world of Data Analysis. My primary job was to analyze d 

I will give you my perspective because I am an Indian who studied at a Tier 1 undergrad institute in India and went to one of the best universities in the US(Top 5) and dropped out and returned to India to join back the work force here after 1 semester. I am going anonymous about this for personal reasons but do hear me out. A lot of people and answers on Quora will give you this perspective that they went, struggled, eventually ended up getting a job and are very happy in their lives. They maybe. But what they won’t tell you is what their families had to go through during the time when they to 

There are thousands of Universities offering Masters Programs across world. However, getting enrolled in a Master’s program in a reputed universitie has its own advantages. Though, the United Kingdom and the United States are the hottest destinations for students who wants to get enrolled in master’s programs, a comparison must been done before deciding on studyingmasters in UK and masters in USA. MS in USA vs UK: Which option ins Better? For overseas students, there are options available whether one talk about Study Masters abroad in USA or UK. There are different masters programs that are popu 

Thanks for A2A. There are a lot of factors to consider before investing in an MS from the US. Are you applying after your undergrad or after gaining some work experience? What are you looking to add to your resume? Do you only want to earn a degree or will it help you get a higher salary check? In terms of money, definitely, pursuing MS from the US will be an expensive affair costing around INR 45 to 50 lakhs. This also depends on the city you go to and your spending habits. These are controllable factors. Obviously you will have to take out a loan to study in the US. So, to not be burdened with 

It all depends on the technicality of your situation. If you were to get a loan of Rs. 60 Lacs and graduate without a job, you would be in a big mess to say the least. I have seen people going home empty handed and I have seen people going home with a $120,000 annual salary. What you need to understand is what strata do you fall into academically. Bright students capable of scoring internships are able to convert them to jobs at times and end up being successful and living the American Dream. There are students who leave two months after beginning school here when they are exposed to the fact  

it really depends upon what your primary goal and future plans are. If you think about return on investment to be a primary criterion, I think it’s totally worth it. Let’s talk about the ROI first. The ROI we can discuss in terms of money first. As we know education in USA is expensive, so as the salary after you graduate. The average tuition fee for MS in CS could be about 55K USD in top schools plus there are other expenses as well. In case you want to k is the details of the cost of education in USA there is a great video you YouTube channel Edflight Education that explains it very well. He 

TBH, now it doesn’t seem like an MS in US is worth it. The competition is foolishly intense, the number of students is really high, the cost of education is also very high. A while ago getting an H1B and then working till a green card wasn’t all that hard, but in recent years the US government has made it excruciatingly hard for student to work in peace. You have to report to the government every 6 months in your OPT to show where you are working and what your designation is. You will be scrutinized every time you have to visit home or go anywhere. Moreover, H1B rejections are higher than usual. 

Is an MS degree in the US worth all of the expense?
There is no one-size-fits-all answer to this question. I’m going to break it down by scenario so that we can analyze each one independently. Also, please note that this answer is from the perspective of an Indian student considering higher education in the U.S.(Tl;Dr in the end) Scenario 1: The Job Seeker Rahul finished his undergrad from a mediocre college in India. He comes from an average middle class family and has always dreamed of making it big in life. He has the option to start working right away in one of the many tech companies in India. Hundreds of his friends and acquaintances are t 

YES. These are the advantages: 1) ROI analysis: I paid $40k for tuition fees. 12k for room rent. Roughly another 10k for expenses living in Downtown Los Angeles - one of the costliest areas. My average salary for first 3 years of graduation is $100,000 working at Cisco. And my savings during this period were nearly $60,000 - i have to say this is lower end of savings since i spent a good amount on travel - i know friends who have saved over $100,000 in the same period. Clearly, you can breakeven your investment within 3 years. 2) Disruption of assumptions: M.S not only lets you live in a foreign  

YES A lot of people have asked me this question and I would like to share my story here. Around 2 years back, when I was in my final year of engineering, I was super confused about what to do in life. All the people I knew were either preparing for CAT, applying for master's or trying to get a lucrative corporate job. Following the trend- I decided to apply for master's and received admits from some great universities. But I was not confident of this decision as these questions were going on in my mind : 1. Is it worth going there with all these expenses?2. Am I wasting my parent's money?3. Wil 

I will try to answer it, although I have not done it but I have lived with people who are doing it or have done it. My answer applies to people coming from a comparatively less rich country. Real story starts from the day you graduate from MS. I am assuming you are an middle class student from any developing country. If you get a average paying job you will be good and start believing its worth and you will spread your inner believe which originated from your experience to other students coming from your country. This believe might or might not translate into reality for other students coming i 

The answer to this can be given in so many different contexts. To name a few: Personal life, relationships and familyAcademic achievementsNetworking and Career ProspectsConcept of formal educationROI in terms of moneyThe TRUMP cardIt is literally impossible to cover all these aspects and yet effectively give a 2 line summary about is MS worth it. I will try my best to provide my views and insights. To take it as an yes or no, would be a weighted average of the above. 1. Personal life, relationships and family I can write pages and pages of stories that will provide you with excellent content for a 

NO. It uses to be worthy like 4–5 yrs back, but sadly the time has changed, everything changed and things are getting harder and tougher for us ( Indians). Not everyone can get into MIT, Stanford, Princeton, UCLA, USC, etc, not everyone gets employed at big companies like Ford, Honda, Apple, Cisco, Google, Facebook, etc. Not everyone would get an RA/TA as part-time jobs. Not everyone gets a $100k per annum salary package where you can pay off your student loan in 2–3 yrs. This thing might happen to only 1–2 people out of a group of 40 Indian students and I’m here to talk about the rest of 39–38  

A lot of people have answered this question, I wanted to give you all a different perspective ! When you start to ask this question, you basically have identified that you need to increase your skillsets in order to progress towards a career that you dream off. Now the question turns into what is attaining that dream worth to you? what are the ways you can achieve your dream? In general there are 2 options, One is getting into a company that develops the product or delivers a service you have been raving about, and making sure that you work on the product/service.Second, is to identify the areas t

First things first, your question does not (wait, CANNOT) have a Yes/No answer. With all due respect to people who have a strong opinion either way, I would say you need to consider multiple things before taking a decision on this.  1. Is it because you want a job in the US?  As one of the other answers mentioned, if you are working in India in a big company with presence in the US (or even start-ups), why not just work for a couple of years and then get an internal transfer. It's not that difficult. I know tons of people who have done that. If you are not in such a company or don't think you are 

Germany has been selling this crap about it being free for quite some time now.  I have explored the barriers towards employment after your studies in Germany in my other answers. Here s something I have not explored. The Bank Account.Germany has a recurrent nightmare. That the students it brings with all these promises will end up on welfare. So, when you graduate from a German university you are given free access to the job market for 18 months.  However, since Germany is terrified that non EU students who have graduated from a German university will go on welfare they have a series of meas 

Master's degree of Science in the United States of America is pursued after gaining fundamental knowledge in their field of interest. The American education system presents a wealthy field of choices for global students. There is an array of schools, programs and locations that the choices might overwhelm any scholar, even those from the U.S. As you start your school search, it's significant to make yourself known to the American education system. Understanding the system will assist you to narrow down your choices and develop your learning plan. HIGH QUALITY OF EDUCATION IN USA UNIVERSITY Getting 

Is MS in Germany really worth investing?
NO! It is not worth it. Germany is a country full of people with anti-immigrant sentiments. The free education is a trap. You might spend more than three years toiling to finish your studies. When you get out of university you’ll realize finding a job is harder than the university. You’ll pay high taxes and be denied of social security Germans are so proud of. This is what some people would tell you and now I have your attention. So let me break it down to you how it is like studying in Germany, and should you study in Germany.  Germany is not the USA German culture is very different from that of t 

Yes and no. First things first, it needs to be specified that it matters a great deal which program you choose to study in Germany. That being said, there are a few pros AND cons to studying in Germany that apply to all, regardless of program of study. Read More: Should I pursue my MS/PhD in Germany in 2020?  Pros: Low tuition fee: This has been mentioned by everybody already and with good reason! Let’s be honest, studying in the US/Canada/Australia/UK - while great - does NOT come cheap. In fact, most people will take loans that they’ll then spend a minimum of 2–3 years paying off! You won’t hav

100% While many prospective students tend to think of the United Kingdom and the United States first when considering where in the world they want to study, Germany remains ‘best country for educational tourism’ for 2 consecutive years according to Study in Europe. Bachelors, Masters, PhDs. Well-known companies &amp; brands including BMW, Audi, Mercedes, Bayer, Munich RE &amp; Football Clubs FC Bayern, Borussia Dortmund call Germany home. Education &amp; Living Expenses Germany offers affordable education with free or low tuition fees in state universities as well as competitive tuition fees in private univer 

I have worked and studied in Scandinavia, France and Germany so maybe I can give you an answer from a comparative perspective. It depends on your objectives, if you want to study and thereafter work in Germany then it maybe a worthy option provided you are ready to learn atleast A2/B1 level German before completing your studies. The settlement prospects are weak in Scandinavia and rare in France.The option of internship and company thesis is quite good because mostly people find job in the company where they write their Master thesis. This option is mostly non-existent in Scandinavia and French

Unfortunately, this question doesn’t have a straight YES or NO answer. It all depends on the course you and college you are opting. Germany is known for its great engineering and quality education. Germany offers quality education for international students with a relatively lower fee compared to USA, Canada or Australia which are the other popular destinations. You usually don’t find German universities rank high in any of the world ranking list of top colleges. And in Germany itself there’s no ranking list as such. However, since the question is about MS or MSc, the Technical Universities or th 

First of all, look at those who are advising you to study here. Consultants who stand to profit.Students who won t give you any figures about general success but go by, everyone I know got a job so you ll get a job. Sort of like American millionaires who say “If you can t make it in America, you are a loser, because everyone I know made it here.” And even then there are very few of these success stories on this board.Go by Germany’s own alumni site. Why is it that they celebrate those who returned and continue links with Germany—and most of those who returned are in STEM disciplines.! These alu 

My Answer is particularly based on my experience of living and studying in Darmstadt. if Anybody from other parts care to comment please read the starting part again. A stupid place to be as a student in Darmstadt((Hessen Germany) because you will face a lot of discrimination and racism if you don’t have a white skin. May be a good place to come and enjoy two years or so as a working professional because you will get to see a lot of nice places in this continent and you dont have any other obligations. As a student, you will be dependent on others for many stuff like welfare health insurance,  

In public colleges in Germany there is no tuition fees. Yes it is completely free. After you break through that competition and get admitted into a college , you realise that your monthly expense comes to around atleast 200–300 euros . (Rs 20,000) . Not so bad ! You spent just 5 lakhs in 2 years if you live properly and eat food at home every day and you can earn it back easily through a student job. Now comes the hard part. Most Indian students i know went back to India because :1) They couldnt adjust to the weather / workplace / german environment here 2) They couldnot find a job in Germany. N 

YES There are normally 4 countries come to mind when thinking of doing MS USAUKCanadaAustraliaIn case of finance, student has to shell out around 1,00,000 USD for average college in all the above 4 countries. While student would be spending 20,000 USD in Germany. If the student is not financially sound but still wants to do MS from abroad, Germany is the good option. The job market is good in USA and student can free him/her self from education loan in 2–3 years. In case of UK, student must go back next day after graduating if not placed before graduating so it increases the risk. In case of Cana 

Definitely it is worth investing in an MS in Germany. Firstly, if you get admission in public universities, your tuition fee is zero. You may have to pay a small semester fee or administrative fee but other than that you will require funds only for your living expenses, accommodation and travel expenses. Even getting an education loan is easy for an MS in Germany.  Now, talking particularly about Masters in Science from Germany - Germany is the hub of technological advancements and research. So if you are interested in research and being a part of the technical advance 

How do you pay for your MS from the US?
I am an Indian female from Hyderabad. I am the average student from the tier -2 universities in India. I had the dream of going to the US to do MS and get a job to start earning lots of $$$$. I am from a lower-middle-class family without a house or properties or lands etc. Our family ran on my father’s monthly income.As soon as I completed my engineering, I got a job at Amazon. I worked hard, did everything to get more pay by working during night shifts and working overtime daily, also including weekends too. I basically worked 11 hours a day, 6 days a week to fund the whole GRE + IELTS coachin

My MS in US funding story starts with evaluating the biggest asset, my parents worked hard to set in stone - their house. Oh yeah. I am the evil son! Evaluating is the mess you go through for the bank which could fund my education. From a completely middle class family who doesn’t have relatives in the US, I was the first stupid ass to set foot on the US Soil for an “Education”(from my family of-course). Evaluated my parents home - got an loan of 36k USD (24L INR). Got my parents to reveal their savings they made all their lives, saving it for the old ages, to show family funds on the “i20”. Flew 

There are multiple ways to fund your studies for MS. Personally, my process started with a notorious and painful loan from SBI (State Bank of India) and after first semester I was able to secure a GRA that paid me ample stipend and covered all my tuition. Last semester was bit tough when funds from my project were exhausted and I ended up paying in-state tuition (due to GRA in previous semester) which wasn’t too bad. My only advise to every aspirant is “Please research your college and most importantly department of interest really well. Network, Network, Network! That’s what drives everything  

When I dreaming to go abroad for masters, everyone said it’s very easy to get a bank loan if you are going abroad for masters. So my MS was completely dependent on the bank loan. When I cleared all the exams and applied for a bank loan, they said I need to put something like a mortgage. We have agriculture land and I asked if it can be considered as a mortgage and they said no. So there was no way I could get a loan. My parents supported me and said you just go and we will something. As soon as I arrived in the USA the first thing I did was to look for part-time job/assistantship. In the first mon 

For me personally, funding was not a major hurdle in pursuing MS. I was fortunate enough to get funding at one of the top schools in the US. To give you all a background of my profile, I graduated from IIT-BHU with a degree in Electrical Engineering. I was the topper of my batch and my GPA was above 9. I also had published a paper but in a relatively unpopular conference. Funding was definitely on my radar while I was applying. I think one of the things that really worked in my favor was customizing my SOP to each college I applied to. Customizations included mentioning specific professors, thei 

Hello there, I had thought of studying in the US after I graduated way back in 2013, and the sheer thought of spending a huge amount for my master's degree was not possible back then. Later, I did graduate with a Master's in Computer Applications in Mumbai and have been working in the industry for the past 5 years. I thought about finally going for a Master's in the US in another domain, that of human-computer interaction, last year. I started reading up on program structures and their costs and began researching ways to fund the same. I approached a couple of nationalized banks and private one 

I moved in Fall 2006 for my Masters in Information Science from the University of Missouri Rolla The tuition at the time was 2300$ per course. So for the ten classes required for the degree, I needed 23,000 $ or 11 lacs INR (1$ = 48 INR in 2006) How did I fund my MS: Semester 1: Took an education loan of 11 lacs from an Indian Bank at 11% per annum as my safety net. The hope was to land some campus gig or assistantship so that I wouldn’t be forced to draw from the loan account. But as it turned out, I had to withdraw the first-semester quota of 6900$ or 3.3 lacs. Semester 2: Fortunately, just befo 

A2A. TL;DR in the end. There’s no denying that Stanford is an expensive school to attend. For someone coming from a very average middle class Indian family, it means putting your entire family savings and possibly even your house on the line. That is exactly how we approached it. There was no hesitation at all from my parents when it came to this. We had talked to banks and figured out student loan options because naturally there was no way we could afford the tuition and cost of living. But we all agreed that in the long run, it would be worth it.Luckily, it never came to that. CS and EE stud 

Studying in the US can be very expensive. Arranging finances often becomes a roadblock in a student’s study abroad dream. The best way out is to check your loan eligibility and estimate your future earnings to see if you’ll be able to repay it or not. You can finance your MS from the US by following methods:- Scholarships: Scholarships are the best option available to finance your masters. Use GyanDhan’s scholarship finder tool to know more about scholarships that suit your requirements.Personal Savings: Personal savings is a good option if you are financially sound but it is not a good option c

How did you fund your MS in the US? I didn’t spend a dime on my MS and ended up earning more money than what I needed for living expenses. Among the 4 schools I had applied to, one was a very expensive private university. Think $50,000 per year for just tuition. During the application process I had indicated that I will need financial aid from the school (which is still true because I come from a middle class family). I had a decent GMAT score (710, 91 percentile in 2015) and a good TOEFL score (116/120) and 5 years of work experience. I anxiously waited for the scholarship decisions. Eventually  

Is it financially worth doing an MS in the USA for a middle-class Indian who is going to come back and work in India?
Rather interesting question. I will answer this question using my own example- Like million others, I started my career as a Software Engineer with Capgemini India at a base package of 3.2 lac. I was lucky enough to be assigned to a growing technology and by the end of second year, I was making 5 lac per year. By Year 3, my package was 6.5 lac. This is when I started considering higher education abroad. There were primarily 2 reasons- 1) I wanted to move to a techno-functional leadership role and wanted to have a formal education in that space. 2) To gain international exposure. Coming from a mid 

I came back to India straight after completing my masters. My case is different because I had plans of setting up my own company- Gradvine. Fortunately, through a great set of partners and the right market research, my company has grown more than I would have expected. My university’s reputation and the skills I gained are helping me on this wonderful journey. If you are looking for a job it's a different story though. I did try looking for a couple of employment opportunities on coming back and recruiters were simply not interested even though I graduated from Dartmouth (an Ivy League Universi 

Why not consider MS purely from a learning perspective?   Some history:  I did MS from VT in CS and it was the best thing I ever did. The experience of learning is completely different. I did not have a scholarship when I landed and paid for the first semester with my parents' money. We could not afford a loan either. I knew that if I don't get a RA/TA/GA in first semester I basically would have to go back home. Fortunately, got a GA in a month ( with full tuition and a handsome salary). So the education was fully-funded, That's been the case with most of my friends.  You have to look at your MS  

Interesting QuestionFirst I would Like to put a question " If you are so happy with your work here and it is top MNC, you are getting best salary for a fresher in industry, then Why you want to do MS?"Why People go for MS abroad? To gain knowledge and skills which are not available in India as of now, so if they will go then they will be ahead of Times in IndiaTo show off that they are intelligent enough to go abroad (To Boast in order to get good dowry) (Dowry Calculator)No job here in India, only scope is in US or countries abroad, I have got only one option i.e to go abroadI don't earn eno

Well to be very frank, I am a guy who opted for a MBA in India for a PhD in distributed Computing at Syracuse University in 2003 (but it was due to serious family issues) And I am a flag bearer of 'Mera Bharti Mahan'. But in your case I will differ. And that's because you are thinking to doing MS from top universities in the US and not just any other university. Stick 5o that thought. That's the very premise of my response. MS is a great option if you get into any of the Universities you mentioned. You through process would change, the very network around you would change too. Who knows maybe you  

The constraint that you are adding of having to return back to India and that too join a similar job is the tough one. I am sure you can get much more than 12-13 lpa when you get back but assuming you are right, it wont work. It will be a lossy venture. Coming to the overall point, if you can get to CMU, UCLA etc, then there is no reason you should work for a 12-13 lpa salary once you get back. Firstly, you can easily make $125,000 per year once you pass out of MS. You can easily finish off the 30 Lakh loan in 1-1.5 yrs. I know this because a close relative of mine is doing exactly that right n 

Let me answer your question in following parts.  1) Exposure2) Pure investment, if you already have exposure in India.3) Technical skills4) Just a regular software job. Exposure:Yes, heading to US changes your perspective on a number of things, not just in your field, but also in other fields like economics if you intend to follow the monetary &amp; fiscal policies. Depending on how you view debt for consumption ( good or bad ), you may praise the Indian forefathers who figured investing in gold, land &amp; silver was best hedge. MS as Investment:I generally do not favor debt, particularly at such  

I went to the US to do my masters and came back after working for around 3 years or so. I did make enough to make up the money I spent for my education in the 3 years and have saved a bit more for myself too. With all that I did not live frugally like other people do and did not care about saving money like I have seen other people do. After coming to India I don't think the HRs here value an international degree that much. Its up to you to make them value it and I don't think it will give you 'growth' because in Indian IT your worth is decided by the number of years of experience you have.  

In the seventies and eighties, going abroad was a very attractive option for IITians. The reasons were evident-it was very easy to get aid; there were good prospects for employment and, most importantly, there was job satisfaction. Indian industry was conservative, salaries were low and jobs were few. What has happened in the nineties? The US has been hit by recession. People who finish their M.S. face unemployment and are forced to choose between a programmer's job and doing a Ph.D, a five-year commitment at the end of which you can't even be sure of a teaching job (A typical Ad. for Asst. Pr 

Irrespective of what other people here say, where they build up a case for or against the idea of a MS, somethings are pretty much clear for me, from your description.It appears to me that you tend to lean towards the Idea of staying in the current company. The idea of the unknown, self doubt and beliefs muddle the process of decision making.PHILOSOPHICALLY SPEAKING - Realism and being realistic is fine. But being realistic can also mean being pessimistic.  deep contemplation is required before you decide. Why do you want to pursue any particular thing? if you know the answer and you believ 

What makes a Master's in Computer Science (MS CS) degree worth it and why?
Based on my experience, I would say that an MS in CS is worth it in the USA and Canada. AI and ML related grads are securing jobs in the UK and Europe as well, but the time in hand due to visa restrictions across Europe to secure a job is limited. Keep in mind that the starting salaries are higher than other masters graduates and the number of jobs is also greater in these countries for CS grads. USA: The scope for jobs in the USA after a Computer Science degree is very good! You have to understand that to ride the continuous wave of growth in CS related fields in the USA, an MS degree is possib 

Well it really depends on your status currently. It can be worth it if you do it for the "right" reasons. Personally having interacted with a bunch of people I find that people do MSCS for some of the following reasons: Knowledge: Cases like mine where people thought that they could learn more about their related field and wanted to take the opportunity to learn about the field in depth. At the time when I started my Masters I was not averse to the idea of PhD (views have changed since then).Switching Fields: There are a lot of people who studied unrelated fields and find their passion to be C

There are both bachelors as well as master’s degrees available for computer science. For those who have completed their bachelor’s degree in computer science, a master’s degree is the next stage. Those who want additional academic qualifications and want to learn more about computer science can pursue a master’s degree in computer science. It is also known as Ms Cs. Before you apply for a master’s degree in computer science, you will need to ask yourself the following questions: Do I want to pursue this degree?Is the degree worth it?Am I passionate about computer science for me to devote additio

I have just completed two semesters of my Masters degree so I am 50% eligible for writing this answer! :P Now, on a serious note. It is totally worth it. Its not just about knowledge its about overall development. Overall development includes confidence, maturity, personality, respecting values, knowing about “money saved is money earned” and time management. Having done my undergraduate from Mumbai University where there is perception of only “theoretical knowledge” (Which I partially agree), coming in USA for masters was a whole new experience. Things I learnt: How to apply concepts: This is rea

I'm not a recruiter, or a software engineer, but I do know a few, and my father and uncle are. Here are some anecdotal things I hear from them. My father switched to software during the dotcom boom and quickly became very good at it. However, at some point he hit a wall with his promotions. Part of the reason may have been that his degree didn't come from an American or European university (it was in EE). What my real impression was, and I think he was told this by a few of his superiors, that he didn't have a higher degree. He'd been working at big corporations, so this kind of bureaucratic po 

I got my masters in 1981 in what was at the time an innovate co-op (or internship) program in which I got two degrees in 5 years, and got to work 3 summers and a winter. It is much easier to get into than if you had to apply again - I later found out I was actually not good enough to get into MIT’s PhD program (I was for University of Washington, but figured if it wasn’t MIT or stanford I might as well go to industry and get rich or at least affluent enough to afford a midsize car and midsize house, the get rich plan never worked out, but I did get a nice house with lots of computers and cars  

Before you make a big financial decision, like buying a certain model car or applying for a mortgage, you want to know you’re getting a good deal. You want the benefits of your purchase to outweigh—or at least match—the costs. You want to make sure that whatever you’re considering buying is worth the money you’re paying, and the time you’re putting into the process. Deciding to pursue a graduate education is no different. If you’re considering earning a Master of Science in Computer Science (MS in CS) , you want to know it’s the right choice for you, and before you get halfway through the progr 

Generally, a Master’s in CS will not make up for the lost years in a high-growth work situation. If you are deciding between getting a Master’s and working at a high-growth engineering-oriented technology company, you generally should pick the latter … especially if you are not independently wealthy. However, here are some scenarios where you likely SHOULD get a master’s degree. If you trying to immigrate to the U.S., a masters degree is really worth it. It is very hard to move to the U.S. without first going to school here. Getting a STEM degree from a university will allow you to be employed i 

You’re certain to get a lot of “not as valuable as time in industry” or “it doesn’t matter if you’re good” answers. Those are useless answers. The average Software Engineer is exactly that, average. If you’re exceptional then truthfully it probably doesn’t matter, but Software is loaded with people who are used to being considered “exceptional” so one shouldn’t assess their professional value solely on their own judgement. If you can get hired with a company you’re happy to stay with then an MS doesn’t matter. If you can get hired with Google, Facebook, et cet. then that probably says more to  

I was strongly considering a masters in CS, but decided against it.  As earlier answers have pointed out, it can be a great way to dive into more advanced coursework or just learn about CS at all if you have a degree in something else.  However, my undergrad was in CS and I took plenty of advanced courses during my undergrad years.  I also found a really good job right out of school.  One other way to see a masters degree is as a way to network with smart people and get in on the next big thing.  I intend to go back for further education at some point because there are so many more exciting th 

Is Python a valuable language to learn in the engineering world?
I'm an engineering student (BTech) &amp; I have 10 back papers in my first year (4 back papers in the 1st semester and 6 in the 2nd semester). What should I do?
There are already good answers for this question. Many answers described their own experience and way to get out of it. I will morever focus on steps to perform. I know this is bit frustrating and behavioral change of closed once hurts like anything. Just ignore it, “Kuch to log kahenge, logo ka kaam hai kahena". Your life and Career is much much bigger than 10 courses of your curriculum. So it's not finished here. There are examples , who struggled a lot with their academics but now achieving excellence in technical career. You are having backlogs not because of you are not capable to clear it  

I know it’s late to answer this question. But i wanted to share this in case anyone gets benefitted. This will be short. I was in similar situation. Fortunately, in first year i had 4 backlogs i.e 1 less backlogs that would have caused me to drop my 2nd year. These backlogs become a pain to me as i had to appear for more than 8–9 subjects in all semesters (5 current and 4 backlogs). I was literally frustrated and didn’t had any hope or courage to clear them all at once. This trend of backlogs get carried till my 3rd year. And finally i was not eligible to attend my final year as i had total 8 ba 

Dear Friend, Do not worry. I faced similar problems in my engineering days. I had been an above average student throughout school, scoring 92% in my ICSE Board examinations. I had taken an aptitude test which clearly showed that I did not have potential in Mechanical Engineering, but more so towards Mathematics and English. However due to a lack of focus and peer pressure I chose to pursue Mechanical Engineering. I was pursuing my Bachelor of Engineering degree in Mechanical Engineering from Manipal Institute of Technology from 2009 to 2014. I had multiple backlogs in my first year and second ye 

Having two three backlogs during engineering is common but 10 backlogs……that is too in the very first year of your Btech !! I don't know the reason behind your such performance. It might be due to your lack of proper attention, you might be not focused to your duty or it might be you are not satisfied with your mentors or anything else….I don't know. Irrespective to the reason behind your performance, I advice you to ask yourself “Why this is happening??” “Am I really interested doing engineering…yess ??” if yes then why ?? I am feeling confused to advice you without knowing the proper reason. N 

You can do the following: Quit B.Tech. right now and start working somewhere in a technical support call center that takes non-graduates. After 3 years when your classmates come out of B.Tech. most of them will be clueless of what they studied in their college, thanks to pathetic, but boring course curriculum of Indian engineering colleges. They will try to search for jobs in the market and some will go back home and start preparing for another post graduation degree to avoid pressure from parents and relatives, and mostly to justify their own selves that they are doing something and not sittin

I think I am qualified to answer this question. I had 17 backlogs during my whole BTech. Some my fault and some by luck. I too had a very low point recognizing and accepting fact that my friends are getting all clear and I am failing to pass even in subjects so easy as Manufacturing process and that too in First year and from CSE. But I have cleared all in a span of 6 months over my btech and i am working as a software developer right after my college when I had backlogs. So What You can do? Firstly stop thinking about other people and their results.Collect all the study matter and write down the

First of all Congratulations of for maintaining your record. I was much much worse than you . I took me 6 years to complete my engineering. Believe me being pessimist doesn't brings you success you have to work for it . Being in a poor college I never got a particular exposure on very thing I was passionate about.. A only thing that I admired throughout my whole journey that is TECHNOLOGY. I was having zero knowledge of engineering after I completed my degree. I only had two options left with me either to give up on my dream and stay a spoiled, porn &amp; weed addicted guy or do something which wi 

First Laugh At your Situation as more as you can. I have Worse Situation than you i have 11 backlogs with 6 clear subject i almost on detain.And when it does there is a complete nature generated stage that i never forgot. I watching SA vs IND match worldcup and SA allout on 169 and friend call me result appear i saw,i have no idea to how react,even i go to teress and i think i jump and suicide but actualpy when i go to teress i think practically seeing whole city that no body cares with my results so why should i,I have to pass only or say only clear and it dosent take years it just about 1 mont 

Sabse pehle tension mat le . yeh sab chheezein teko aur mazboot bana dengi . Even i had same record as you . I Even got a year gap . Also agar tera more than 5 externals hai combined in sem 1&amp; 2 teko bhi first year drop lagega (for mumbai university). Its not a big deal. Parents gaali dengey ,Teachers sunayengey sun ke le . You dont need to get tensed over this  hogaya abhi reval ka chances nahi bhi lagey toh daal de miracle's do happen in University revaluations ( Spl In Mumbai University) . You wont believe . the day I got my results from 1st year it was out that iam failed and i got year drop 

I was also facing the same situation an year ago…i was also having 10 backlogs..at very first year of second sem..at the time of result i was very nervous and shocked ..bt i confessed to me that i will clear all my subjects any how..then i started studying for hours and hours.. actually i was so focused towards my goal so that i was unable to sleep..and forgotten abt my hungre..(loosen 7 kg weight in that sem)..first of all i unistalled all social media..instagram fb wtsapp..then started seeing motivational videos on YouTube..chanakya niti was bestest motivation for me..as he tells us how to s 

I wish to be a design engineer in an automobile industry. what should I do?
Is it true that some engineering students stay up until 4 am?
Can a person pursue engineering if he/she is bad at math?
I've just realized that I'm a 4th year engineering student who is painfully stupid, now what?
I feel like I would really enjoy engineering. But being homeschooled has caused me to fall extremely behind in math (several years behind). Should I pursue engineering anyways?
I'm 16 years old and I want to give myself every chance to go to MIT (for computer science or aerospace engineering). What can I do?
What is a quality system engineer? How is it different than a quality engineer?
I am studying civil engineering and I am in my final year, but the problem is I don't like the course. I always feel guilty every day of my life. What should I do?
If I want to study both Electrical Engineering and Mechanical Engineering, but my college only allows me to pick one. Which should I go with for my Bachelor's degree?
I heard that in Germany, it's extremely difficult to pass exams, because what's tested during the exams are way more difficult than what is taught during the lectures. If true, what are the best strategies for students to organize their study?
What were the most difficult aspects of engineering school and how did you overcome them?
I am an Indian. How can I study engineering in Japan in English? How much will it cost to study there?
I heard that the millions of parts of the Saturn V were never tested together before launch. Is this true, and if so, how did it work perfectly?
Should I include my website in my CV and if yes, where should I put it?
My son is starting college and wants to pursue a liberal arts degree instead of his long stated goal of engineering. I made this same mistake when I was his age and had to retrain myself to get a decent job. What would you do if this was happening?
I recently moved to Australia from Pakistan, but things are not as good as I had anticipated here. The engineering market is down, so I am unable to find a job and I can't continue further education because I don't have money. What should I do?
What should I do to be creative in industrial engineering because I am still in my first year at the college?
I am a Junior Electrical Engineering student, I am extremely stressed, and I am not doing well in my current classes. Should I quit and switch to business school?
What is it like to get accepted into Stanford as an undergrad?
It was the best feeling I've ever had in my life. It sums up a great journey of diligence, commitment, and passion. It was spring break back home and I was studying for my national baccalaureate and I knew that the decision was coming at 11 pm. I couldn't focus the whole day. In fact, I couldn't focus the whole break. I've seen the rejection every day I closed my eyes. It had everything to do with the fact of being rejected at both MIT and Harvard (people who get in from my country are usually called for an interview in early March; I was not). Two universities that are as prestigious as Stanf 

Stanford has always been my dream school since as long as I can remember. Because of that, I set my mind that I’d apply to Stanford under the Restrictive Early Action (REA) program despite not having the most impressive SAT score and not submitting any SAT subject tests. I even made a deal with my uncle that if I were to get accepted into Stanford, I’d get his red Stanford T-shirt. December 8, 2018 – 6:30AM I somehow woke up exactly 30 minutes before decisions were open. Anxiously sitting in my bedroom, I continuously reflected on the journey that brought me here and created affirmations to myse 

I guess this sums it all.  ​​ ​I was accepted last month at Stanford and it is really something unbelievable. It was December, 12th. It was 1am and I was sleeping. I was very tired after an intense session of cardio and couldn't handle the stress of getting the decision so I went to bed early. My mother took my phone, and while she was watching TV, she got a notification about a Stanford email so she opened It. She didn't understand English very much but she knew from the format that it was THE decision I was waiting for. She directly went to my room and woke me up saying that she didn't understan 

My Reaction Video: STANFORD ACCEPTANCE REACTION It was December 8th 2017. I had been waiting days. Months. Years. It all boiled down to this one decision. I had no idea how I was going to react. Every single day for almost two years, I would always say something about how badly I wanted to attend Stanford. The school for me was representative of who I was. The school would give me the opportunity to jump out of the nest and soar. At Stanford, I would have the opportunities to achieve my life goal of helping others and leaving an impact. The day of December 8th 2017 was a nerve-racking one. From  

TL;DR: I collapsed onto the ground and didn’t get up for 20 minutes. I got admitted into the REA Class of 2022 cycle. I actually forgot that decisions day was on December 15th until my friend asked me if I got admitted 2 days later on the 17th at lunch. Stanford was never something I considered to be in my realm. I was an average student, I didn’t have the best grades, I didn’t participate much in school, and I have the shittiest work ethic. I shrugged my shoulders and didn’t respond. I knew that I was going to be rejected and didn’t have to check. When I got home from school, I began to feel inc 

Pretty fucking awesome! I can actually recall that day just because it was a day filled with other pretty awesome moments.  It was a sunny Friday and my Physics class had a field trip to iFly. We got there early so we went to the Home Depot next door because well. Why not? We were all second semester seniors with nothing to do at that point. One of my friends bought a spare gas tank so that was definitely a worthwhile trip. And for those not familiar with iFly, it's an indoor skydiving venue. What?! Indoor sky diving? Hell yes. What an awesome day. I still don't understand what witch craft allo 

It was terribly exciting.  I was accepted in the mid 80's when the chances of getting in were higher. Not nearly as many students applied then.  I believe I got in over some better qualified people because places such as Stanford and Duke like to recruit whole classes. Meaning they don't grade each applicant individually, but look at what an applicant would add to the current class. In the back of my mind I don't think Stanford had enough males from semi-rural Missouri and I fit that bill. Plus, I was on a NROTC scholarship which freed up financial aid money for some other student. I know top en 

 For those of you who have never heard of Yogi Berra you should do a search. Aside from being one of the greatest athletes in the history of his sport, he is noted for saying things that at first glance don’t seem to make sense but upon reflection do make us think. When Yogi was asked about going to a popular nightspot in New York, here is what he said: “Nobody goes there anymore. It’s too crowded.” I bring this up because there is something I hear today from many students, parents, pundits and educators when it comes to commenting on who gets in to highly selective colleges and universities: “ 

Yesterday, December 7, 2018. Stanford decided to move up their release date for Restrictive Early Action by a week. For a month, I'd nervously waited for a decision that may change the trajectory of my life. 6PM Central was the release time. After a long school day of anxiously waiting and encouragement from my friends, only 4 hours remained. I drove to the biotech company where I intern and quickly got to work, hoping to distract myself from my impending fate. A few hours in, it was time to head home. Amid the heavy traffic, Google Maps predicted I'd arrive at home at 6PM sharp, just in time t 

My short answer is that it feels like winning the biggest game you have participated in. It is an adrenaline shot to your ego. My long answer is that it felt like an excellent opportunity to sidestep the chance to take my first steps toward a career in film, something I had wanted since giving up on an NBA career at age 9 (terrible decision). It was the ultimate excuse to jettison my passion before it had time to fully take hold. I applied to Stanford in 2006 with the Early Decision (or maybe Early Action...) application. I received an email in December that basically said, "We don't love you, b 

What does Harvard not want to see in an admissions application?
How bored do admissions officers get when they read college essays?
The essay is a breath of fresh air for the admissions officer. Instead of looking at numbers (GPAs, SATs and ACTs), s/he will read your voice and picture you. So use your essay to keep your admissions officer interested! Just like you can make a good first impression in person with a firm (not damp or wimpy) handshake, you can make a good first impression — and keep an admissions officer engaged— in your essay. How to do this? You don’t need to have a introductory paragraph with a thesis, get right to it! For example, your first sentence might say, “I was sitting in a hot elementary school gym w

As a student applying to universities, it is often hard to place yourself in the shoes of the admissions counselor. It’s easy to get wrapped up in your own “lens” of your life: the childhood growing up in Maine, your family moving to Ohio, losing your grandfather in 5th grade, joining debate team to overcome your tendency towards shyness. But to successfully navigate the college admissions cycle, it is a smart idea to consider the perspective of the person on the other end of your admissions essay. When I was an admissions counselor, I always gave the advice to “see your essay through the eyes  

Very bored, and very peeved, annoyed, and tired too. When we visited colleges last summer, all admissions officers told us how they read countless essays about “overcoming challenges”, numerous sad stories about sick relatives or pets, and inspirational essays about immigrant parents. I got a distinct impression that they were kind of sick of of it all. It was very disconcerting to me to hear from them that, on one hand, they want you to be real in your essays and write it from your heart and your experiences, and on the other hand, they want to be entertained, they want something unusual and  

For seven years (mid-1990’s to early 2000’s), I ran the International Program at the Columbia School of Journalism. This entailed reading all of the international applications — several hundred — each spring. It was grueling, but I loved it. The essays were a unique glimpse into a rapidly evolving world. Many of them were by young working journalists who were eager to improve their skills and working in a free press environment. I learned about their accomplishments, their families, their yearnings and their aspirations. So many Chinese applicants included the proverb, “The nail that sticks up  

I’m sure they get quite bored - but I don’t think it’s always about keeping them ‘entertained’. I was denied three times by the school of my choice; and I was always well-praised for my writing skills. I remember in middle school once of my teachers asked if she could photocopy my essay and pass out to all of her classes as a great example of what TO do. I know my essay was always one of the strongest points of my application - and still I was rejected. (I was going for a design major, so it was my portfolio that was lacking) After my third rejection, I ended up packing my things and moving to N 

Depends on what stage of the process they are. Outright lies are actually relatively rare at all stages though, but exaggerated or partial truths are pretty common. I.e. stating you have a business you run, when it's actually your families business you might have helped inventory once or twice. or you say you have experience on x instrumentation, when really you only used it once. Or saying you had an important role in a school club, when you maybe only showed up once or twice. The times I have found lies, it's turned out to be confusion or misunderstanding. I.e. stating you were involved in publ 

Wise words from my dissertation Chair: Chapter 1, The Introduction: It's not a suspense novel -- just get to the point. Good suggestion for writing a university essay as well. I read applications for a selective CA public university. Thankfully this system has a choice of prompts a student can choose from and this can make the reading of hundreds of essays a little more enjoyable. As a history major, I like a good story and like when a potential admit writes a story, not a laundry list of accomplishments. While the list is important to note yes, what led you to achieve all those accomplishments m 

Incredibly, which is why they so rarely read them from beginning to end, and so often admit someone who wrote a decently interesting one. I once had an admissions officer tell me that the personal statement my client had submitted was the best she'd had all year, and the only one that she'd read all the way through, out of 7000. Another time, I sent one of my sample personal statements to an admissions officer for an opinion as to whether it was too off point to be a good law school personal statement. The response I got was that it was the best personal essay she'd ever read, and wished she'd 

I’ve read many, many essays as a member of scholarship selection committees. The essays are similar to the ones read by college admissions staff. In fact, applying for scholarships is good practice for applying for college admission. Like most people who read student essays, I usually read the first paragraph in full and the first sentence of each subsequent paragraph. I read the essay in greater depth only if the first paragraph starts telling an interesting story. Most of the essays are incredibly boring. Some are boring and badly written. Some are boring and insincere. Some are boring and tri 

I read a lot of responses on here, and I’ll be happy to offer my two cents. How do you juxtapose the two dichotomies of “being true to yourself” while writing something fresh and different to “entertain the admissions officers”? This is a great question because admissions officers will be reading thousands of essays about community service, or about sick relatives, or about the immigrant story. What you write about is certainly important. There are topics that I absolutely have my students avoid because it would significantly diminish their odds of acceptance. It’s a big part of my strategy whe 

Do very famous people who go to Ivy League schools go through the same admission process as everyone else (like Emma Watson)?
No, but I have never begrudged special treatment for this minuscule percentage of the applicant pool. I do have a funny story about one of these special treatment situations from the late 1980s: When it was time for the oldest son of a VERY famous actress at the time, Sophia Loren, to apply to college, a special meeting was arranged at the admissions office with one person from a number of departments and some admissions people for a question/answer session. No normal parent would get this kind of treatment. Well, courses in my department were of interest to Sophia/her son (I was a senior grad 

The Ivy Leagues keep track of a special list of applicants who are from prestigious backgrounds. For example, the “Z-list” at Harvard is a set of students who are children of wealthy donors or famous politicians. These students have a much higher chance of admission given their special backgrounds. For example, Malia Obama was famously admitted to Harvard, although I can’t determine what her SAT scores or credentials were prior to being admitted. So while I don’t want to make the unfair assumption that she was admitted due to her background, I can tell you that these “special students” are defi 

While I can’t directly answer the question, I do think that Ivy League schools must apply some of the same admission standards to famous people. Otherwise, every sufficiently famous celebrity would automatically walk through the doors of Harvard. Emma Watson went to Brown, which is the very bottom tier of the Ivy League. While Brown is still an impressive institution, presumably she would have preferred Harvard, Yale, Princeton or Stanford, if given the option. Most people would. Therefore, we can assume the reason she didn’t go to a top tier Ivy League is because she wouldn’t be admitted. It’s i 

Do very famous people who go to Ivy League schools go through the same admission process as everyone else (like Emma Watson)? Privileged white women refuse to acknowledge how privileged they are!  Of course Emma Watson gets privileged access to top tier education. Her entire life has been more privileged than 99.9% of all humans that have ever lived. But she doesn’t acknowledge (or relinquish) her privileges so others can have a better chance at life. Oh no. Privileged white women have the ultimate privilege. Easy living. Despite what you have been told, in the western world today almost all sexual  

Great Question! Nope, not at all, top schools and Ivy League schools definitely give celebrities, famous and influential people premium VIP treatment and application processes. It’s especially simple for influential people’s children and influential people in general if they are on the boards of colleges or know people on the boards of colleges in which they almost automatically get into the college.  Usually, college only require these type of people to apply, test scores may be asked for but they probably don't make any differences whatsoever. Some examples…  Malia Obama… Being both the daughter o 

No. Malia Obama didn’t have to fill out an application and walk to a mailbox to send it anonymously to Harvard admissions with stamps affixed, where the application would mix with and touch those of ordinary people, or transmit it on a public unsecured internet line where it could be intercepted by (gasp) Russian spies. Children of major international figures such as the Obamas and child stars such as Emma Watson are recognized by the admissions offices as special opportunities for public relations and consequently given VIP treatment. After indicating interest, they are assigned to a specific  

Doubtful. Top athletes don’t go through the same admissions process as everyone else either. Everyone has to apply and answer the same essays and get letters of recommendation. After that I sure the admissions committee, or some subset, makes the decision. That doesn’t mean anything is guaranteed. For example, while they let Emma Watson in, they might not let other, slightly less exclaimed actresses in. But quite frankly, having Emma Watson attend your school benefits the school more than it benefits Ms. Watson so she is an easy admit. 13.6K views · View upvotes23Thomas Au, B.A. from Yale University (1979)Answered 3 years ago · Author has 2.2K answers and 2M answer views

No. Ivy League Schools are about POWER, not academics. So famous people get put into a pile of their own, and are compared to other famous people. The same is true for other “power groups” such as children of “active” alumni, athletes, even minority students (other than Asian-Americans). If you are the “smartest person in the room” in some rural farm community, you might be in. An Ivy League school would rather have someone with 1200 SAT scores who is likely to become a leader in his or her community (one of the above or similar groups), than someone with 1500 SAT scores from an “average” middl 

Not exactly the same. Celebrities’ reputations would be harmed by a rejection. When Brooke Shields applied to Princeton, she was told that she would have to submit an application like everyone else. Supposedly, she reached a compromise whereby she would formally submit her application if PU would review it in advance and confirm that she would be accepted. Celebrity status is a big advantage in many college admissions’ decisions. If you’re looking for admission on academic merit alone, try MIT. 272.6K views · View upvotes · View shares875212Arty Harjai, CEO  at Harjai Global Gurukul (2005-present)Answered 2 years ago · Author has 137 answers and 153.5K answer views

Absolutely not! They do not go through the same admissions procedure! If you are the child of an industrialist , you can be admitted in the donation quota , which is very legal and transparent. You could donate an entire building to a university etcIncase of a child of a famous personality , it is of course a PR exercise , where the Ivy League benefits.The 3rd category are students who get an edge because they have a strong reference from an alumni / professor / Dean etc.Hollywood actresses, college administrators arrested in huge US college admissions scandal - Times of India I am sorry to say

What are the dark sides of MS in Germany?
Does every country have its own Ivy League universities, or are there just a few Ivy League universities in the world?
If you got rejected from your dream school(s), what would you do?
I came out of the womb bundled up in a red Cambridge jumper. There it was—the Fates decided that I was destined to go to Cambridge University. It was a fantasy. I spent nights as a child dreaming about this wonderful place with its beautiful architectural façades and its lovely green grass, its acres of terrace, riding my little red bicycle across the cobbled streets, punting on a warm spring day under Mathematical Bridge, running through the city centre under the driving spray of euphoric rain. When I was an older child, I finally had the chance to visit England again—a rare opportunity for some 

I can still remember when I was a student, I got rejected from Melbourne University. Many years ago, when I had the idea of going abroad to study, Australia was once my first choice. I applied for the major of Commerce in Melbourne University, but I got rejected. Then in panic, I worried about I had no place to study as I had given up on doing a postgraduate in Chinese university. I quickly transfered to Britain. But when I landed my feet on Scotland and just started my first week. I got a call from my mum that a conditional offer from Sydney university arrived at my home's mailbox. And I told 

I will answer in the affirmative instead of hypothetical because I did get rejected from my dream university (well technically I didn’t get rejected from admission but it will become clearer soon). It was some time during the first half of 2013. I’d graduated from high school in November 2012. The university in question was the National University of Singapore (NUS), a very prestigious uni. See NUS Global: NUS is ranked first in Asia in 2017. If you are a high school student in Asia, chances are you will have heard of NUS. Also, it’s close to home (I’m from Vietnam, which is 2 hours away by pla 

Warning!: This is a bit lengthy. This did happen to me, I went through this rather recently, and for me Harvard was exactly that – my dream, my obsession. The name became a constant on my lips and even the password to some of my online accounts (lmao, boy was I desperate)! Anyway, I wanted to study Biomedical Engineering at Harvard because a) the course isn't well developed or widely offered in universities in my home country and I am in love with the course, b) I didn't want to spend so long, so much time and so many years studying Medicine here; I wanted to graduate at 21 max, surely before my 

I decided to apply for American boarding schools when I was 14 years old. My dream schools were Philips Exeter, St. Paul’s, and Lawrenceville, all of which are considered as the “junior Ivy League schools” among boarding schools. I thought about them every single day. I pictured myself wearing lab attires, conversing with geniuses with real depth of ideas, and seeking hundreds and thousands of social opportunities. I was a well-rounded athlete, had good grades, and spoke fine English. I was so confident that if not accepted by all three dream schools, at least one of them would favor me. But lif 

*My story is antithetical to everyone,in that my dream school is of a lower calibre than the school that I was admitted into. Thinking back to the year I applied to university,it was a roller-coaster of emotions. Prior to applying for university,I received my final national examination transcript at high school. It was above average in my high school,but pales in comparison,to the nation,bringing me to an average level.(I was from a low-tier high school) On that day,I felt crushed and came back home in tears,as I knew I was rejected from applying to medical schools both local and overseas for und 

Flashback to 9 months ago, while I was struggling with my math IA in class, for a moment, I was distracted. I felt the urge to check my email. This was what I found.  As soon as I read the words “updated with an admission decision,” my heart started racing. Inside of my head, I was continously telling myself, no matter what happens, it’s going to be fine. But could such words ever calm down a senior year student who was dreaming about being part of-as the holy Stanford describes- an intellectually vital community and living in that beautiful campus? That’s a big NO dear fellaz! I don’t exactly re 

My dream school was MIT. Like everyone else’s dream school. It was quietly on my radar since freshman year of high school. I initially wanted to study engineering. I did not think I had what it takes at all when I was in 9–11th grade, and still had my doubts in 12th, yet had the right amount of confidence to fill out an application. slowly, I gained in confidence. I can thank Sal Khan for essentially giving me that confidence. While I was in 10th grade, I eyed a much more realistic school than MIT for me. I looked at Purdue, which feels more cozy than MIT if I’m honest. I still really wanted to go to  

I want to share a story of a girl. She dreamt to work in the art restoration sector. Her dream school was “La Venaria Reale”. Some of you may know that in Italy we have a strong cultural heritage and (due also to its concentration, variety and quantity of ancient artworks in our territory) it is one of the few places where you would dream to be for restoring monuments professionally. “La Venaria Reale” was basically one of the residences of the king of Italy and itself is one of the biggest restoration sites in Europe. It is also regarded as a top university for this course. Only 25 people a ye 

I never had dreams to attend a “dream” school. I didn't have plans to become “something”. I was a nasty teenager who did what he wanted. Fuck society and their generic rules you seem to have to follow. I was often kicked out of high school project groups because I was lazy. I just didn't attend. Once, I was in a high school group where two ladies who wanted to study medicine and needed top grades, went straight to the teacher to ask if I could get kicked out of the group. Ross is stupid. Ross is lazy… please take him out, he will hurt our chances to get in the university we want… This was economi 

What are some of the surprising profiles to get into Stanford University?
What is required to be accepted to Harvard?
What were some of the major factors that help people get into Stanford? What are some tips for the admissions process?
10th - 72% (SSC board, Pune)12th - 71% (HSC board, Pune)B.E. - 65% (Tiny engineering college by the highway, Pune)GRE Score - Q:790 V:500 (Facepalm) From these numbers, anyone can immediately tell you that I’m no genius. A very large number of people over the years did in fact make it a point to tell me how average I was. They were absolutely right. Most people assume that Stanford is just full of geniuses. This is true to some extent and the university does attract the very best of the best. However, it is not exclusive to that group. The admissions committee likes to bet on one thing and on 

I was one of the few accepted in 2007 as an undergraduate transfer student. Every year this group fluctuates between 20 and 40, averaging 25. The acceptance rate hovers around 2% each year (1.8% in my case), which is lower than traditional undergraduates, the Law School, the Medical School, or the Graduate School of Business.  Since 2008 I have advised other prospective transfer, freshman, and graduate students as they prepare their applications. This has included consistent engagement with the Financial Aid and Admissions Departments, as well as other supporting groups on campus (e.g. Student  

This is an honest answer I got from my friend who currently attends Stanford. Hope it helps. Good luck! If you are currently a CO 2023 applicant, join the group chat for applicants now! Here’s how - download Mascot, search “Stanford” and join the group! Current college students: welcome to start your own group and help answer questions about your college! - The most important thing to realize about the Stanford admissions process (and college admissions in general) is that one single factor will rarely get you in, standing alone. However, there are 4 key factors that I believe are the most importa 

When I was researching the admissions process for myself, I learned that it was extremely important to focus on something in one's essay that went beyond standard extracurriculars and academic interests. I vividly remember a conversation between my parents and an admissions counselor who was visiting our state: Parents: Will it help that he's the valedictorian?Counselor: Sure, but Stanford gets a lot of valedictorians--the majority don't get accepted.My parents: He's also student body president...Counselor: Well, I guess that's better than vice-president... Similar sentiments are expressed in 

To start with, there is no one way that one can get into Stanford. Getting into Stanford is a combination of several factors. Before you even think of applying though, there are some prerequisites: Have at least a GPA of around the 3.5 range. Academics matter in Stanford.Have an SAT score above around 1400. Your standardized test scores are also important.Have some kind of extracurricular. Stanford cares about that stuff.Tough? I know. But Stanford is known for being a tough school. Now, having established this, there are some tips that can be given to help you get into Stanford: Write a compellin

I observed my son (no hooks) get admitted to Stanford REA very recently. He got 2 Bs in Calculus, A-s and As in Honors/AP classes and got 33 ACT (with 35+ scores in Reading and Grammar; he’s a non-STEM interested person). I think GPA wise, he was around 20th to 25th in his class of 500+ students at a competitive public school. Many students from his high school who had better GPAs than my kid and were arguably academically smarter (or better?) did not get into Stanford. What made him stand out? I am not sure he stood out academically, but he might have stood out because he was likable and came 

Every student is different and I think that’s what Stanford looks for. Diversity. You can’t have 1000 pre-med students who come from top private schools and you can’t have 1000 student athletes who are majoring in kinesiology. My application was simple. My grades were rather quite poor in comparison to other applicants (a 3.5ish GPA I believe) and my two teacher references were average. I didn’t know my school’s faculty very well so I imagined my letters to be quite generic. My last optional letter was better and was from an old mentor but it wasn’t the best one, in my opinion. I also had a 159 

The best advice I can give to anyone hoping to be accepted at Stanford or any other top tier university is to BE YOURSELF.  When you write your application essays, write what you really think, value, believe-- not what you think you're supposed to write.  I know, it's cheesy and not as easy at it sounds. But the truth is, when it comes to getting into an undergraduate program like Stanford's, there is only so much you can do to stack the odds in your favor. Maintaining a high GPA, participating in extracurricular activities, fostering great relationships with your college guidance counselor and  

* I outperformed at a mediocre urban public school. My school wasn't abysmal, and it had a reasonable complement of AP courses, etc., but it was not a major educational destination for high-performing competitive students from high-performing competitive families. I was able to hold leadership positions in a variety of areas, just because I expressed interest and was an enthusiastic participant. I think my passion for learning was simply more remarkable in this environment and that gave me access to more opportunities and school support. I often thought that standing out against a dull backgro 

I feel like for most admits, you need to get mostly straight-As, high SATs/ACTs and APs covered as a prerequisite and then add something they find distinctive. Almost everyone I got to know well eventually revealed they had "a thing" (wrote a play, started a non-profit [in my wife's case], etc). For me (admit in '99), it was probably my tech experiences that made the difference. My sophomore year I had started a small computer consulting business called Vision Net Consulting for which I basically tutored old ladies on Windows 98 and created websites for small businesses. That lead to me workin 

